<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-007548.txt : 20250128
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-007548.hdr.sgml : 20250128
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250128161346
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-007548
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250128
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250128

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Columbus Acquisition Corp/Cayman Islands
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028201
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42485
		FILM NUMBER:		25564308

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 NEXUS WAY
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-451-2930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 NEXUS WAY
		STREET 2:		CAMANA BAY
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9009
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228739-8k_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 22, 2025

COLUMBUS
ACQUISITION CORP

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman
Islands 001-42485 N/A

(State
or other jurisdiction (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer

of
incorporation) Identification
Number)

14
Prudential Tower

Singapore
049712

(Address
of principal executive offices)

(+1)
949 899 1827

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Units,
consisting of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to acquire one-seventh of one ordinary share COLAU The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share COLA The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights,
each whole right to acquire one-seventh of one ordinary share COLA The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
January 22, 2025, the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283278) (the Registration Statement) relating to
the initial public offering (the IPO) of Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company) was declared effective by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. On January 24, 2025, the Company consummated the IPO of 6,000,000 units (the Units).
Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share (each, an Ordinary Share), and one right (each, a
Right), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange for one-seventh of one Ordinary Share upon the completion
of the Companys initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $60,000,000.

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of 234,290 units (the Private Units) to
the Companys sponsor, Hercules Capital Management VII Corp (the Sponsor). Each Private Unit consists of one Ordinary
Share and one Right. The Private Units were sold at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of $2,342,900. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, subject to limited exceptions as described in the Registration
Statement.

The
Company also issued to the A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, the representative of the underwriters of the IPO (the Representative),
210,000 Ordinary Shares as part of the underwriting compensation (the Representative Shares) on the closing of the IPO.
The Representative Shares are identical to the Ordinary Shares included in the Units, except that the Representative has agreed not to
transfer, assign, sell, pledge, or hypothecate any such Representative Shares, or subject such Representative Shares to hedging, short
sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person until 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales of the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), subject to exceptions pursuant to FINRA
Rule 5110(e)(2). The Representative has agreed to (i) vote for at a shareholder meeting of the Company to approve a business combination
or any amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing
of the Companys obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a business combination, (ii) waive the redemption rights until
the completion of the business combination, in connection with the completion of the Companys initial business combination or
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a business combination, and (iii) waive the rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the representative shares if the Company fails to complete its initial
business combination within the prescribed timeline as provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, to the extent such Representative Shares held by A.G.P and/or its designees, and any of their permitted transferees.

In
connection with the IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements, the forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the
Registration Statement:

an
Underwriting Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and the Representative;

a
Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST),
as rights agent;

1

a
Private Units Subscription Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and the Sponsor;

a
Securities Transfer Agreement, dated November 8, 2024, as amended on December 20, 2024, between the Company, the Sponsor, and certain
directors of the Company;

an
Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and CST, as trustee;

a
Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company, the Sponsor, the Representative and certain directors
of the Company;

a
Letter Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company, the Sponsor, and the officers and directors of the Company;

Indemnity
Agreements, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and the officer and directors of the Company; and

an
Administrative Service Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and the Sponsor.

The
Underwriting Agreement is included as Exhibit 1.1, the Rights Agreement is included as Exhibit 4.1, the Unit Subscription Agreement,
the Securities Transfer Agreement, the Investment Management Trust Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Letter Agreement,
the Indemnity Agreement, and the Administrative Service Agreement are included as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7,
respectively, hereto, and each of such exhibits is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
3.02Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of the aggregated amount of 234,290 Private Units to
the Sponsor at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $2,342,900. The Private Units
are identical to the Public Units issued in the IPO, subject to limited exceptions as further described in the Registration Statement.
The issuance of the Private Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item
5.02Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers.

Effective
on January 22, 2025, in connection with the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, Dr. M. Anthony Wong, Ms. Qian Xu , and Mr. Kevin
McKenzie became directors of the Company.

The
board has determined that each of Dr. M. Anthony Wong, Ms. Qian Xu, and Mr. Kevin McKenzie are independent directors under the requirements
of the Nasdaq listing standards and under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), and has determined that Dr.
M. Anthony Wong qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K under the Exchange Act. Dr. M. Anthony Wong, Ms. Qian Xu, and Mr. Kevin McKenzie will serve as members of the audit committee, with
Dr. M. Anthony Wong serving as chair of the audit committee.

The
Company will reimburse the officers and directors for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with fulfilling their
roles as directors at the closing of our initial business combination.

Substantially
concurrently with the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and closing of the IPO, the Sponsor transferred to each of Dr. M. Anthony
Wong, Ms. Qian Xu, and Mr. Kevin McKenzie, 12,000 ordinary shares of the Company at the same price originally paid by the Sponsor for
such shares, approximately $0.0145 per share, pursuant to a certain securities transfer agreement (the Securities Transfer Agreement)
dated November 8, 2024, as amended on December 20, 2024 by and among the Company, the transferees and the Sponsor.

Other
than as set forth in Item 1.01 and above, none of the directors are party to any arrangement or understanding with any person pursuant
to which they were appointed as directors, nor are they party to any transactions required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of
Regulation S-K involving the Company.

2

Item
5.03 Amendments to the Memorandum and Articles of Association.

On
January 22, 2025, the Companys Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association became effective. The Second
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

A
total of $60,000,000 from the proceeds of the offerings of the Public Units and the sale of the Private Units (net of transaction expenses
and working capital) were placed in the trust account. Except up to $100,000 of interest earned on the funds in the trust account that
may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and dissolution expenses, the proceeds from the offerings of the Public Units and the
sale of the Private Units including interest held in the trust account will not be released until the earliest of (a) the completion
of the Companys initial business combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance
or timing of its obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial business combination or redeem 100% of its public shares
if the Company does not complete its initial business combination by January 22, 2026, and (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, (c) the redemption of all of the Companys public shares if
it is unable to complete its business combination by January 22, 2026, subject to applicable law.

On
January 22, 2025, the Company issued a press release, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K,
announcing the pricing of the IPO.

On
January 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K,
announcing the closing of the IPO.

Item
9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibits

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, by and between the Company and the Representative.

3.1 First Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, effective as of January 22, 2025.

4.1 Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and CST, as rights agent.

10.1 Unit Subscription Agreement dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.2 Securities Transfer Agreement, dated November 8, 2024, as amended on December 20, 2024, among the Company, the Sponsor, and certain directors of the Company.

10.3 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and CST, as trustee. 

10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company, the Sponsor, and the Representative.

10.5 Letter Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, among the Company, the Sponsor, and officers and directors of the Company. 

10.6 Indemnity Agreement dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and the officers and directors of the Registrant.

10.7 Administrative Service Agreement, dated January 22, 2025, between the Company and the Sponsor.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 22, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated January 24, 2025

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Columbus
Acquisition Corp

By: /s/
Fen
Zhang

Name: Fen
Zhang

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Date:
January 28, 2025 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex1-1_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE REPRESENTATIVE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

6,000,000 Units

COLUMBUS
ACQUISITION CORP

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

January 22, 2025

A.G.P./ Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Columbus Acquisition Corp,
a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners (the Representative) and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (if any),
for which the Representative is acting as the representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively referred
to herein as the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter):

1. Purchase
and Sale of Securities.

1.1. Units.

1.1.1. Purchase of Units.
On the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 6,000,000 units of the Company (the Firm
Units) at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions) of $9.85 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of (i) one ordinary
share, $0.0001 par value per share (the Ordinary Shares) and (ii) one right to receive one-seventh of one Ordinary
Share (the Rights). The Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Firm Units will not be separately tradable until
52 days after the Effective Date (as defined below) unless the Representative informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier separate
trading, subject to the Company filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
containing an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the Offering (defined below) and the
sale of the Private Units (defined below) and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. The Underwriters,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Units set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule
A. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per
Firm Unit. The Firm Units, Option Units (defined below) and Private Units (defined below), each comprising one Ordinary Share and one
Right collectively comprise the units to be offered by the Company pursuant to this Agreement (the Units).

Page 1 of 33

1.1.2. Payment and Delivery.
Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 A.M., New York time, on the first (1st) Business Day (as defined below)
following the commencement of trading of the Firm Units, or at such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company
at the offices of the Representative or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The closing
of the Offering is referred to herein as the Closing and the hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units
is referred to herein as the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date through the
facilities of Depository Trust Company (DTC) by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds. The gross proceeds from
the sale of the Firm Units and the Private Units shall be an aggregate of approximately $62,342,900 (or $71,477,900 if the Underwriters
Over-Allotment Option (as defined in Section 1.2.1) is exercised in full), of which $60,000,000 (or $69,000,000 if the Underwriters
Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full) shall be deposited into the trust account (the Trust Account) established
by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in
Section 2.1.1 below) and pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement)
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST&T) substantially in the form annexed
as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. After such deposit of funds into the Trust Account, the remaining proceeds (less actual expense
payments or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement) shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery of certificates (in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of the DTC for
the account of the Representative). The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall be disbursed upon the earlier of: (i) the closing of
the Business Combination (as defined in Section 1.4.1), or (ii) that the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within
12 months from the Effective Date (as defined in Section 2.1 below), unless otherwise described in the Trust Agreement. The Firm Units
shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one
(1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery
at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Units except
upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term Business Day means
any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to
remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain
closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders
or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic
funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in New York, New York are generally open for use by customers
on such day, and the term Public Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold in the Offering or acquired
in the aftermarket, including any of the Insiders (as defined in Section 1.4.1 below) to the extent they acquire such Ordinary Shares
in the Offering or in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such shares).

1.2. Over-Allotment Option

1.2.1. The Representative
shall have the option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase all or less than all of an additional 900,000 Units
(the Option Units) solely for the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and
sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall, at the Representatives election, be purchased for each account of the several
Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A
hereto (subject to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions). Such Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the
Firm Units. The Firm Units, Option Units, and the Ordinary Shares and Rights comprising such Units, are hereinafter collectively referred
to as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been,
or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time
to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative to
the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit (net of discounts and commissions) will be $9.85 per Option Unit.

1.2.2. Exercise of Option.
The Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part
(from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the Effective Date (as defined in Section 2.1). The Representative
will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option. The Over-Allotment Option
granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of written notice to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing
in accordance with Section 11.1 herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of
and payment for the Option Units, if other than the Closing Date (the Option Closing Date), which shall not be earlier
than the Closing Date or be later than ten (10) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed
upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of the Representative or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the
Company and the Representative. Upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Representative,
and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Representative will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option
Units specified in such notice.

Page 2 of 33

1.2.3. Payment and Delivery.
Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date at the Representatives election by wire transfer in Federal
(same day) funds, payable as follows: $9.85 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon
delivery of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Unit (or through the facilities
of DTC) for the account of the Representative. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations
and registered in such names as the Representative requests in writing not less than one full business day prior to the Closing Date or
the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to the Representative for inspection, checking and packaging at
the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent not less than one full business day prior to such Closing
Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for the
applicable Option Units.

1.3. Representatives
Shares. The Company agrees to issue to the Representative (and/or its designees) 210,000 Ordinary Shares, or up to 241,500 Ordinary
Shares if the Underwriters Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full, equal to there and one-half (3.5%) of the gross proceeds
from the Offering and the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, if any, at a price of $10.00 per Ordinary Share (collectively the Representatives
Shares). Delivery of the Representatives Shares shall be made on the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date. The Company
shall deliver to the Representative (and/or its designees) in the form of book-entry the Representatives Shares in the name or
names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request. The Representative has agreed not to transfer, assign, sell,
pledge, or hypothecate any such Representatives Shares, or subject such Representatives Shares to hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person until one hundred eighty (180) days
immediately following the commencement of sales in the Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), except that (x) the Representatives
Shares may be transferred, in whole or in part, to any member participating in the Offering and its officers or partners, its registered
persons or affiliates, if all transferred securities remain subject to the lock-up restriction for the remainder of the one hundred eighty
(180) days, (y) the Representatives Shares may be transferred back to the issuer in a transaction exempt from registration with
the Commission, or other exceptions as provided under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). In addition, the Representative has agreed, and will cause
any transferee of the Representatives Shares to agree, (a) vote at a shareholder meeting of the Company to approve a Business Combination
or any amendment to the Charter Documents (as defined in Section 2.11 below) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a business combination, (b) waive its redemption rights until the completion of the
Companys initial Business Combination, in connection with the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination or
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Charter Documents (as defined in Section 2.11 below) to modify the substance or timing
of the Companys obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination, and (b) to waive its rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Ordinary Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination
within the prescribed timeline as provided in the Charter Documents.

1.4. Private Placements.

1.4.1. Pursuant to a subscription
agreement dated March 21, 2024, as further amended on July 25, 2024 and December 20, 2024, the Company issued to Hercules Capital Management
VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands company (the Sponsor) 1,725,000 Ordinary Shares for an aggregate purchase price
of $25,000, among which, up to 225,000 Ordinary Shares are subject to forfeiture if the Underwriters Over-Allotment Option is not
exercised in full (the Founder Shares). No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees have been or will
be payable in connection with the sale of the Founder Shares. The Founder Shares shall be subject to restrictions on transfer as set forth
in the Registration Statement and the Letter Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24.1). The holders of the Founder Shares (i) shall have
no right to any liquidation distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate
any proposed initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities (Business Combination) within the required time period except
with respect to any funds held outside of the Trust Account remaining after payment of all fees and expenses, (ii) shall not be entitled
to exercise any redemption rights with respect to such Founder Shares and (iii) shall not be entitled to sell any such shares to the Company
in any tender offer in connection with a proposed Business Combination. To the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised
by the Underwriters in full or in part, up to 225,000 of the Founder Shares shall be forfeited in an amount necessary to maintain the
holders of Founder Shares 20% ownership interest in the issued and outstanding shares of the Company after giving effect to the
Offering and exercise, if any, of the Underwriters Over-Allotment Option (excluding any shares purchased in the Offering, any Private
Shares (as defined below) purchased in the Private Placement by the Sponsor or the Companys officers, directors or their affiliates
(Insiders) and any Representatives Shares).

Page 3 of 33

1.4.2. Simultaneously with
the Closing Date, the Sponsor will purchase from the Company pursuant to the Private Units Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24.2
below) an aggregate of 234,290 units (or 247,790 units if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full ) (the Private Units),
each consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Private Shares) and one Right (the Private Right
and together with the Private Units and Private Shares, the Private Securities), at a purchase price of $10.00 per
Private Unit in a private placement (the Private Placement) intended to be exempt from registration under Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act). The terms of the Private Units, Private Shares, and Private Rights are as described
in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below). No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement fees have been or will be payable
in connection with the Private Placement. The Sponsor shall, and the Company shall procure the Sponsor to, provide the proof of the aggregate
consideration of $2,342,900 to be paid for the Private Units in the Sponsors bank account satisfactory to the Representative one
Business Day prior to the roadshow for the Offering.

1.5. Working Capital;
Trust Account Proceeds.

1.5.1. Working Capital.
Upon consummation of the Offering, it is intended that $850,000 of the proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units and Private Units will
be released to the Company to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.5.2. Trust Account Proceeds.
Prior to the liquidation of the Trust Account, in the event the Company has not completed a Business Combination as required by its Charter
Documents (as defined in Section 2.11 below) (the Termination Date), interest income on the funds held in the Trust
Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay any taxes incurred
by the Company and up to $100,000 of accrued interest to pay dissolution costs and expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus.

1.6. Underwriter Compensation.
In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall pay to the Representative or its designees an underwriting
compensation equal to five percent (5.0%) of the gross proceeds of the Offering and the Over-Allotment Option, being:

(a) the Company shall pay in cash to
the Representative or its designees an underwriting discount equal to one and one-half percent. (1.5%) of the aggregate gross proceeds
of the Firm Units on the Closing Date and one and one-half percent. (1.5%) of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Option Units on the
Option Closing Date as described in Section 1.1.1 and 1.2.1, respectively;

(b) the Company shall issue such number
of Representatives Shares as described in Section 1.3 calculated at $10.00 per share equal to three and one half percent (3.5%)
of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Firm Units on the Closing Date and three and one half percent. (3.5%) of the aggregate gross proceeds
of the Option Units on the Option Closing Date.

Page 4 of 33

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1. Filing of Registration
Statement.

2.1.1. Pursuant to the
Act. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement
and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283278) providing for the registration under the Act, of the Public
Securities and the Representatives Shares, including any related preliminary prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus,
including any prospectus that is included in the registration statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement),
which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the
Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. Except as the context may otherwise
require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became effective
(Effective Date) (including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed
as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the
Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective
Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted
at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations),
is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Time of Sale, as used
in the Act, means 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary
Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on December 26, 2024, for distribution by the Underwriter (such Preliminary
Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Statutory Prospectus). If the Company has filed a Registration
Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional securities (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement),
then, unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such
462(b) Registration Statement. Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which becomes effective upon filing, no other document
with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public Securities and the Representatives
Shares have been or will be registered under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative has determined
that at the Time of Sale the Statutory Prospectus included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted a statement of material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and have agreed to
provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Firm Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts,
then the Statutory Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the
first such new purchase contract. The registration of the Public Securities and the Representatives Shares under the Act has been
declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

2.1.2. Pursuant to the
Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42485) providing for
the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, Ordinary
Shares and Rights. The registration of the Units, Ordinary Shares and Rights under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the
Commission on the date hereof.

2.2. No Stop Orders, etc.
Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any federal or state regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened
to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Statutory Prospectus or Prospectus or has instituted or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.3. Disclosures in Registration
Statement.

2.3.1. 10b-5 Representation.
At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the effective time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus
contained or will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations,
and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. On the Effective Date and at the
Time of Sale, the Registration Statement did not, and on the Closing Date it will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; on
the date of any filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) and on the Closing Date, the Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto) will not
include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and at the Time of Sale, the Statutory Prospectus does not include
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the representation and warranty made in this Section
2.3.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to
the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
or Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, which information, it is agreed, shall consist solely of the names of the
Underwriters and the subsection titled Selling Restrictions included in the section captioned Underwriting.

Page 5 of 33

2.3.2. Disclosure of Agreements.
The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions
thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that
have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a
party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement or
attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly and validly executed by the Company,
is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the
other parties thereto, in all material respects in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or
contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and none of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither
the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge,
no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder.
To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result
in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to
environmental laws and regulations.

2.3.3. Prior Securities
Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person
or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys incorporation, except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.3.4. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal,
state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.4. Changes after Dates
in Registration Statement.

2.4.1. No Material Adverse
Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the
Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial
or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company; (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than
as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors or management has resigned from
any position with the Company; and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair,
with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Companys board of directors or management to act in their capacities
with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.4.2. Recent Securities
Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not: (i) issued
any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend
or made any other distribution on or in respect to its shares.

2.5. Independent Accountants.
Marcum Asia CPAs LLP (the Accountant), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of the Registration Statement
and included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting
firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including
the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, the Accountant is duly registered and in good
standing with the PCAOB. The Accountant has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of
the Exchange Act.

Page 6 of 33

2.6. Financial Statements;
Statistical Data.

2.6.1. Financial Statements.
The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position and the results of operations of the Company at the
dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein in conformity
with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus
disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships
of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys
financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, prospects, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources
or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements which are required to be
included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X of the Regulations
which have not been included as so required.

2.6.2. Statistical Data.
The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and/or the
Prospectus are based on or derived from sources which the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate, and
such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.7. Authorized Capital;
Options, etc. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the
Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the
Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or
contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date,
there will be no options, warrants or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued Ordinary Shares or any
security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants,
rights or convertible securities.

2.8. Valid Issuance of
Securities, etc.

2.8.1. Outstanding Securities.
All issued and outstanding securities of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable;
the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such
holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or
similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to the descriptions
thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers, sales and any transfers of the
outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or
Blue Sky laws (based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of the Companys securities) or exempt from
such registration requirements. The Founder Shares have been duly authorized, duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable;
the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Founder Shares are not
and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by
the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Founder Shares has been duly
and validly taken. The Founder Shares conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.8.2. Securities to Be
Sold.

2.8.2.1. The Public Securities
have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders;
the Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar
contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the
Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof
contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

Page 7 of 33

2.8.2.2. The Private Securities
have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the Private Units Purchase Agreement,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason
of being such holders; the Private Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security
of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization,
issuance and sale of the Private Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Private Securities conform in all material respects to
the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. The
offer and sale of the Private Securities was exempt from the registration requirements of the Act.

2.8.2.3. Reserved.

2.8.2.4. The Representatives
Shares have been duly authorized, duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be
subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Representatives Shares are not and will not be subject to the
preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate
action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Representatives Shares has been duly and validly taken.
The Representatives Shares conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.8.3. No Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required
to be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the offer and sale of the Public Securities pursuant to the
Registration Statement.

2.9. Registration Rights
of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders of any
securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to
require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement
to be filed by the Company.

2.10. Validity and Binding
Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Letter Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24.1 below), the Trust Agreement, the Founder
Shares Subscription Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24.2 below), the Private Units Purchase Agreement, the Promissory Note (as defined
in Section 2.24.4), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24.5), the Administrative Service Agreement (as defined
in Section 2.24.6 below), the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.39)and the Securities Transfer Agreement (as defined in Section
2.41) (collectively, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed
and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto, will constitute valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought.

2.11. No Conflicts, etc.
The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions
herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without
the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions
of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance
upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which
the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation
of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, as amended (collectively, the Charter
Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental
agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, business or assets.

Page 8 of 33

2.12. No Defaults; Violations.
No material default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any material license,
contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation
for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound
or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its
Charter Documents or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental
agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses.

2.13. Corporate Power;
Licenses; Consents.

2.13.1. Conduct of Business.
The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates
and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business for
the purposes described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on this
Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. Since its incorporation and except as described in the Registration Statement, the Company has conducted
no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its incorporation and in furtherance of the Offering.

2.13.2. Transactions Contemplated
Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions and conditions
hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization
or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance,
sale and delivery, of the Public Securities, Private Securities, Founder Shares and the Representatives Shares and the consummation
of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations
promulgated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.14. D&O Questionnaires.
To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires) completed
by each of the Companys officers, directors, 5% beneficial owners and owners of unregistered securities acquired within the past
180 days (the Respondents) immediately prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement and provided to
the Representative, as such Questionnaires may have been updated from time to time and confirmed by each of the Respondents, as well as
in the biographies previously provided to the Representative, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become
aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become inaccurate and incorrect.

2.15. Litigation; Governmental
Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of the Respondents
or any of the Insiders, which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.16. Good Standing.
The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its
ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have
a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company, whether
or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus (exclusive of any supplement thereto) (a Material Adverse Effect).

Page 9 of 33

2.17. No Contemplation
of a Business Combination. The Company does not have any specific Business Combination under consideration and it has not (nor has
anyone on its behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective business (each, a Target Business) or had
any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction.

2.18. Transactions Affecting
Disclosure to FINRA.

2.18.1. To the Companys
knowledge, all information contained in the FINRA questionnaires (the FINRA Questionnaires) completed by each of
the Respondents and provided to the Representative, as such FINRA Questionnaires may have been updated from time to time and confirmed
by each of the Respondents, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which
would cause the information disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.18.2. Except as described
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or
understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Company Affiliate (as
defined below) with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder, the sale of the Private Securities or the Founder Shares,
the issuance of the Representatives Shares or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.18.3. Except as described
herein or in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except for reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee,
consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who
raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) to any participating member, as defined in FINRA Rule 5110, with respect
to the Offering (Participating Member); or (iii) to any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation
or association with any Participating Member, within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement
with the Commission.

2.18.4. To the Companys
knowledge, except as set forth in the FINRA Questionnaires, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner of 5% or
greater of any class of the Companys securities, including the Insiders and holders of securities to be purchased in the Private
Placement (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) (any
such individual or entity, a Company Affiliate) is a Participating Member, or a person associated or affiliated with
a Participating Member.

2.18.5. To the Companys
knowledge, except as set forth in the FINRA Questionnaires, no Company Affiliate is an owner of stock or other securities of a Participating
Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.18.6. To the Companys
knowledge, except as set forth in the FINRA Questionnaires, no Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member.

2.18.7. No proceeds from the
sale of the Public Securities or Private Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) will be paid to any Participating Member, or
any persons associated or affiliated with a Participating Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.18.8. Other than the Representatives
Shares, the Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly to anyone who is a
Participating Member within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.18.9. To the Companys
knowledge, except as set forth in the FINRA Questionnaires, no person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within
the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission has any relationship or affiliation
or association with any Participating Member.

Page 10 of 33

2.18.10. To the Companys
knowledge, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no Participating Member has
a conflict of interest (as defined by FINRA rules) with the Company.

2.18.11. Except with respect
to the Representative in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without
limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the
Registration Statement with the Commission that is currently in effect, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any
item of value and/or the transfer or issuance of any warrants, options, or other securities from the Company to a Participating Member,
any person associated with a Participating Member, any potential underwriters in the Offering and/or any related persons.

2.19. Taxes.

2.19.1. There are no transfer
taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision thereof, required
to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.19.2. The Company has filed
all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns that are required to be a filed or has requested extensions thereof, except in any case
in which the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and has paid all taxes required to be paid by it and any other
assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing in due and payable, except for any such assessment,
fine or penalty that is currently being contested in good faith or as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.20. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any of the Respondents or any other person acting on behalf
of the Company is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that: (i) would result in a violation by such persons of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) or otherwise
subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if not done in the
past, might reasonably be expected to have had a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) if not continued in the future, might reasonably be
expected to materially and adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company, including, without limitation, given or
agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business)
to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality
of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or any political party or
candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the
Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction). The Companys internal accounting controls and procedures
are sufficient to cause the Company to comply with the FCPA.

2.21. Currency and Foreign
Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with applicable
financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money
laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws)
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.22. Bank Secrecy Act;
Money Laundering; Patriot Act. Neither the Company, nor to the Companys knowledge, any Company Affiliate, has violated: (i)
the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, (ii) the Money Laundering Laws or (iii) the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate
Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any
such law, or any successor law.

Page 11 of 33

2.23. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Representative or to its counsel
shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.24. Agreements with
Company Affiliates.

2.24.1. Letter Agreement.
The Company has caused to be duly executed legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification
contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance
and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before
which any proceeding therefor may be brought) in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Letter Agreement),
pursuant to which each of the Insiders agrees to certain matters, including but not limited to, the transfer restrictions and voting of
the Ordinary Shares held by them and certain matters described as being agreed to by them under the Proposed Business section
of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus.

2.24.2. Subscription Agreements.
The Sponsor and the Company have executed and delivered a securities subscription agreement dated as of March 21, 2024, as amended on
July 25, 2024 and December 20, 2024, which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Founder Shares Subscription
Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor purchased the Founder Shares. The Sponsor has executed and delivered a private placement
units purchase agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Private Units Purchase
Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed, among other things, that it will purchase on the Closing Date the Private
Units in the Private Placement. Pursuant to the Private Units Purchase Agreement, the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims
it may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private
Units in the event that a Business Combination is not consummated and the Trust Account is liquidated in accordance with the terms of
the Trust Agreement. The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer any ownership interest in, except to permitted transferees or in certain limited
circumstances, the Private Securities until the completion of the Business Combination.

2.24.3. Non-Competition/Solicitation.
To the Companys knowledge, no Respondent is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer
or prior employer which could materially affect such Respondents ability to be and act in the capacity of a director or officer
of the Company, as applicable.

2.24.4. Loans. The
Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $500,000 pursuant to a promissory note dated March 21,
2024, as extended on December 20, 2024 (the Promissory Note), which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement, and as described in the Registration Statement (the Insider Loan). The Insider Loan will not bear any
interest and will be repayable by the Company on the consummation of the Offering.

2.24.5. Registration Rights
Agreement. The Company and the Insiders have entered into a registration rights agreement (Registration Rights Agreement)
substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration
rights with respect to their securities, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration
Statement.

2.24.6. Administrative
Services. The Company has entered into an agreement (Administrative Service Agreement) with the Sponsor, substantially
in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the Sponsor will make available to the Company, on
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for the
Companys use for approximately $10,000 per month, for up to 12 months from the Effective Date.

2.25. Investment Management
Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and the Private
Placement substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the funds held in the Trust Account
may be released under limited circumstances. The Trust Agreement shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed in any way that modifies
the rights or obligations of the Company without the prior written consent of the Representative.

Page 12 of 33

2.26. Reserved.

2.27. Reserved.

2.28. Investments.
No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (Investment
Company Act)) of the Companys total assets (exclusive of cash items and Government Securities, as defined
in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes is derived
from, securities other than Government Securities.

2.29. Investment Company
Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Public Securities as herein contemplated and the application
of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act.

2.30. Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business
entity.

2.31. Related Party Transactions.
No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among any of the Company or any Company Affiliate, on the one hand, and any director,
officer, customer or supplier of the Company or any Company Affiliate, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act
or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, which is not so described
as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the
officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the
Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed
an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.32. No Influence.
The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully
influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.33. Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (SOX), and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory
entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.34. Nasdaq Eligibility.
As of the Effective Date, the Public Securities have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (Nasdaq), subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution. There is and has
been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply
with (as and when applicable), and immediately following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement the Company will be in compliance
with, the rules of Nasdaq, as amended.

2.35. Emerging Growth
Company Status. From the date of the Companys incorporation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.36. Free-Writing Prospectus
and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free
writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 405. The Company (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the
Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage
in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The
Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. As used herein,
Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance
on Section 5(d) of the Act.

Page 13 of 33

2.37. Disclosure Controls
and Procedures. The Company maintains effective disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act to the extent required by such rule).

2.38. Definition of Knowledge.
As used in herein, the term knowledge of the Company (or similar language) shall mean the knowledge of the Companys
executive officers and directors, with the assumption that such officers and directors shall have made reasonable and diligent inquiry
of the matters presented.

2.39. Rights Agreement.
The Company has entered into a right agreement with respect to the Rights, Private Rights and any other rights that may be issued by the
Company with CST&T substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Rights Agreement).

2.40. Reserved.

2.41. Securities Transfer
Agreement. The Company has entered into a securities transfer agreement (the Securities Transfer Agreement) with
the Sponsor and the independent directors of the Company, pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to each of the Companys
independent directors 12,000 Founder Shares for an aggregate of 36,000 Founder Shares prior to the Closing.

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1. Amendments to Registration
Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative
shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2. Federal Securities
Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance.
During the time when a prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use all reasonable efforts to comply with
all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations and the Exchange Act and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from
time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Public Securities in accordance with
the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Public Securities is required to be delivered
under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary during such period to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement
the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file
with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or amendment or supplement
to the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such
compliance.

3.2.2. Filing of Final
Prospectus. The Company will promptly file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) with the Commission
pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3. Exchange Act Registration.
For a period of five years from the Effective Date (except in connection with a going private transaction), or until such earlier time
upon which the Trust Account is to be liquidated if a Business Combination has not been consummated by the Termination Date, the Company
(i) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Units (unless all such units have been separated),
Ordinary Shares and Rights under the provisions of the Exchange Act and (ii) will not deregister the Units (unless all such units have
been separated), Ordinary Shares and Rights under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

Page 14 of 33

3.2.4. Free Writing Prospectuses.
The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus,
as defined in Rule 433 under the Act.

3.2.5. Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.
As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance
with each applicable provision of SOX and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules and regulations
promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3. Emerging Growth Company
Status. The Company will promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior
to the earlier of five years after the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, or the liquidation of the Trust
Account if a Business Combination is not consummated by the Termination Date.

3.4. Reserved.

3.5. Delivery of Materials
to Underwriters. The Company will deliver to each of the several Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period
when a prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each Statutory Prospectus, the
Prospectus and all amendments and supplements to such documents as such Underwriters may reasonably request.

3.6. Effectiveness and
Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement
to remain effective and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or
state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the
Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or
request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period during the time when
the Registration Statement is effective that, in the judgment of the Company or its counsel, makes any statement of a material fact made
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, (with respect to the Prospectus and the Statutory
Prospectus and in light of the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities
commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain
promptly the lifting of such order.

3.7. Review of Financial
Statements. Until the earlier of five years from the Effective Date, or the liquidation of the Trust Account if a Business Combination
is not consummated by the Termination Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public
accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters prior to
the announcement of quarterly financial information, the filing of the Companys Form 10-Q quarterly report.

3.8. Affiliated Transactions.

3.8.1. Business Combinations.
The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless in each case the Company
obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and a majority of the Companys disinterested
and independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

3.8.2. Compensation.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company shall not pay any Insider or Company Affiliate or any of their affiliates
any fees or compensation for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, either this Offering or the Business Combination.

Page 15 of 33

3.9. Secondary Market
Trading and Standard & Poors. If the Company does not maintain the listing of the Public Securities on Nasdaq or another
national securities exchange, the Company will (i) apply to be included in Standard & Poors Daily News and Corporation Records
Corporate Descriptions for a period of five years from the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) take such commercially reasonable
steps as may be necessary to obtain a secondary market trading exemption for the Companys securities in the State of California
and (iii) take such other action as may be reasonably requested by the Representative to obtain a secondary market trading exemption in
such other states as may be requested by the Representative; provided that no qualification shall be required in any jurisdiction where,
as a result thereof, the Company would be subject to service of general process or to taxation as a foreign corporation doing business
in such jurisdiction.

3.10. Reserved.

3.11. Reports to the Representative.

3.11.1. Periodic Reports,
etc. For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated
and dissolved, the Company will, to the extent such information or documents are not otherwise publicly available, upon written request
from the Representative, furnish to the Representative and its counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special
reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Representative:
(i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission; (ii) a copy of every press release and every
news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Current Report
on Form 8-K and any Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company; (iv) five physical copies of each registration
statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act; and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the
Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided
that the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably
acceptable to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents
filed with the Commission pursuant to Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) shall be deemed
to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this section.

3.11.2. For a period of five
years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, as long as any and
Rights are outstanding, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and right agent acceptable to the Representative. The Underwriters acknowledge
and agree that CST&T is acceptable to the Underwriters.

3.12. Payment of Expenses.
The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing
Date, or such later date as may be agreed to by the Representative in its sole discretion, all fees, disbursements and expenses in connection
with the proposed Offering, including, without limitation: the costs of preparing, printing, mailing and delivering the Registration Statement,
the preliminary and final prospectus contained therein and amendments thereto, post-effective amendments and supplements thereto, this
Agreement and related documents (all in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably require); preparing and printing stock certificates
and warrant certificates; the costs of any due diligence meetings; the costs of any net roadshow; the costs of using the
i-Deal system in connection with the Offering; filing fees (including SEC filing fees), the costs and expenses (including third party
expenses and disbursements) incurred in registering the Offering; FINRA filing fees; the costs of preparation of leather bound
volumes and Lucite cube mementos in such quantities as the Representative may reasonably request; transfer taxes; transfer and warrant
agent and registrar fees; and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Representative in connection with its engagement for
this Offering, including, without limitation, any expenses and fees incurred by the Representatives counsel, expenses incurred
for background checks on the Company's senior management and board of directors to be conducted upon the execution of this engagement
letter by a background search firm acceptable to the Representative, marketing related expenses; i.e. roadshow, travel, et al. and any
other expenses incurred by the Representative in connection with this transaction, subject to a maximum amount of $75,000 in the event
of a Closing (the Expense Cap). Additionally, the Company has provided an expense advance (the Advance)
to the Representative of $60,000. The Advance shall be applied towards the Expense Cap set forth herein (provided, however, that such
reimbursement amount in no way limits or impairs the indemnification of the Underwriters as set forth in Section 5.1 herein). The Advance
shall be refundable to the extent actual expenses incurred by the Representative is less than the amount of the Advance. Additionally,
the Company agrees to pay the Representative non-accountable expenses (the NAE) equal to $15,000 provided that the
sum of the NAE and the sum of the Expense Cap shall not exceed $75,000.

Page 16 of 33

3.13. Application of Net
Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from this Offering received by it in a manner substantially consistent with the
application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.14. Delivery of Earnings
Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not
later than the first day of the sixteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified
by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy
the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after
the Effective Date.

3.15. Notice to FINRA.

3.15.1. Assistance with
Business Combination. For a period of sixty days following the Effective Date, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any
FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged pursuant to a written agreement to assist the Company in its search for a Business Combination
candidate or to provide any similar Business Combination-related services, the Company will provide the following information (the Business
Combination Information) to the Representative: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such
services (which details or agreements may be appropriately redacted to account for privilege or confidentiality concerns); and (ii) justification
as to why the person or entity providing the Business Combination-related services should not be considered an underwriter and
related person with respect to the Companys initial public offering, as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of FINRAs
Conduct Rules. The Company also agrees that proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the proxy statement
which the Company will file for purposes of soliciting shareholder approval for the Business Combination. Upon the Companys delivery
of the Business Combination Information to the Representative, the Company hereby expressly authorizes the Representative to provide such
information directly to FINRA as a result of representations the Representative have made to FINRA in connection with the Offering.

3.15.2. Broker/Dealer.
In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become
a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify the Representative.

3.16. Stabilization.
Neither the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, officers, directors or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.17. Internal Controls.
From and after the Closing Date, the Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

3.18. Accountants.
For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Trust Account is required to be liquidated,
the Company shall retain the Accountant or other independent public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

Page 17 of 33

3.19. Form 8-Ks. The
Company has retained Accountant to audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (the Audited Balance Sheet)
reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days of the
Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys
Audited Balance Sheet. If the Over-Allotment Option has not been exercised on the Effective Date, the Company will also file an amendment
to the Form 8-K, or a new Form 8-K, to provide updated financial information of the Company to reflect the exercise and consummation of
the Over-Allotment Option.

3.20. FINRA. Until
the Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall advise the Representative if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the
Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the distribution of the Public Securities.

3.21. Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction to counsel for the Underwriters.

3.22. Investment Company.
The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as set forth in the Trust Agreement
as in effect on the date hereof and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in a manner so that it
will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it will be engaged
in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.23. Press Releases.
The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written
consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date; provided that in no event shall
the Company be prohibited from issuing any press release or engaging in any other publicity required by law.

3.24. Electronic Prospectus.
The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Representative, at its expense, promptly, but in no event later than two (2)
Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the
Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement
thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative,
that may be transmitted electronically by the other Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Ordinary Shares for at least the period
during which a Prospectus relating to the Ordinary Shares is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information
as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated
electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate
narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper
format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously
ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the
Internet as a whole and for on-line time). The Company hereby confirms that it has included or will include in the Prospectus filed pursuant
to EDGAR or otherwise with the Commission and in the Registration Statement at the time it was declared effective an undertaking that,
upon receipt of a request by an investor or his or her representative within the period when a prospectus relating to the Ordinary Shares
is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company shall transmit or cause to be transmitted promptly, without charge, a paper copy
of the Prospectus.

3.25. Future Financings.
The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt
financing prior to or in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly
waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.26. Nasdaq Maintenance.
Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing on Nasdaq
of the Public Securities and the Ordinary Shares and Rights included within the Public Securities.

3.27. Private Placement
Proceeds. On the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be deposited $2,342,900, or $2,477,900 if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised
in full, of proceeds from the Private Placement into the Trust Account, and on the Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall cause
to be deposited an amount of proceeds from the additional Private Units sold on the Option Closing Date, in addition to the proceeds from
the sale of the Options Units, into the Trust Account, such that the amount of funds in the Trust Account shall be at least $10.00 per
share sold in the Offering and the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option.

Page 18 of 33

3.28. Reservation of Shares.
The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable pursuant
to the Rights and the Private Securities (as well as any other rights that may be issued and covered by the Rights Agreements) outstanding
from time to time.

3.29. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication, there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances
existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly (i) notify the Representative so that use of the Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication may cease until it is amended or supplemented; (ii) amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters
Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or omission; and (iii) supply any amendment or supplement to the Representative
in such quantities as may be reasonably requested.

4. Conditions.

4.1. Conditions of Underwriters
Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities, as provided herein, shall
be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions
hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1.1. Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1.1. Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the
date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at the Closing Date,
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the purpose shall
have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional
information shall have been complied with.

4.1.1.2. FINRA Clearance.
By the Effective Date, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable
to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.1.3. No Commission
Stop Order. At the Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending
the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.1.4. Nasdaq Listing.
The Public Securities shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory
distribution.

4.1.2. Company Counsel
Matters.

4.1.2.1. Opinion of Company
Counsel. On each of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinions
(along with negative assurance letters) of (i) Robinson & Cole LLP, U.S. securities counsel to the Company and (ii) Ogier, Cayman
Islands counsel to the Company, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form mutually agreed
to by the Company and the Representative.

Page 19 of 33

4.1.2.2. Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the United
States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified in such opinion,
if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative) of other counsel reasonably
acceptable to the Representative, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on
certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdiction having custody
of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates
shall be delivered to the Underwriters counsel if requested. The opinions of counsels for the Company and any opinion relied upon
by such counsel for the Company shall include a statement to the effect that it may be relied upon by counsel for the Representative in
its opinion delivered to the Representative.

4.1.3. Cold Comfort Letter.
At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all
respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in clause (iii) below) to the Representative
from the Accountant dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any:

(i) Confirming that they
are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations and that they have
not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, provided to the
Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act;

(ii) Stating that in their
opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material
respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

(iii) Stating that, on the
basis of a limited review which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company (with
an indication of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available minutes of
the shareholders and board of directors and the various committees of the board of directors, consultations with officers and other employees
of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come to their
attention which would lead them to believe that: (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the Regulations
or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited financial statements
of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus; or (b) at a date immediately prior
to the Effective Date or Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the capital stock or long-term debt of the Company,
any increase in amount due to the Sponsor or in net current liabilities, or any decrease in the shareholder equity of the Company
as compared with amounts shown in the September 30, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, other than as set forth
in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease, and (c) during
the period from September 30, 2024 to a specified date immediately prior to the Effective Date or Closing Date, as the case may be, there
was any changes in revenues, net earnings (losses), or net earnings (losses) per share, in each case as compared with the Statement of
Operations for the period from January 18, 2024 (Inception) to September 30, 2024 included in the Registration Statement, or, if there
was any such change, setting forth the amount of such change;

(iv) Stating that they have
compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information
pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages,
statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any
questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application of specified readings, inquiries
and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards)
set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement; and

(v) Statements as to such
other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative may reasonably request.

Page 20 of 33

4.1.4. Officers
Certificates.

4.1.4.1. Officers
Certificate. As of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer (in their capacities as such), respectively, to the effect
that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with
by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4.1.5
hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such
other and further certificates of officers of the Company as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.1.4.2. CEO/CFOs
Certificate. As of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, certifying: (i) that the
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended, of the Company are true and complete, have not been modified
and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified;
(iii) all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; (iv) all correspondence between the Company or its counsel
and Nasdaq; and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached
to such certificate.

4.1.5. No Material Changes.
Prior to each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development
involving a material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from
the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus; (ii)
no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Company Affiliate
before or by any court or foreign, federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued
under the Act against the Company and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the
Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material
statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects
to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and none of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus,
or any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading.

4.1.6. Delivery of Agreements.
On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents.

4.1.7. Private Units.
On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Private Units have been purchased as provided for in the Private Units
Purchase Agreement and the purchase price for such securities, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and the Registration Statement,
shall be deposited into the Trust Account.

Page 21 of 33

5. Indemnification.

5.1. Indemnification of
Underwriters.

5.1.1. General. Subject
to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Underwriters and each dealer selected
by the Representative that participates in the offer and sale of the Public Securities (each a Selected Dealer) and
each of their respective directors, officers, partners and employees and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter or Selected
Dealer (Controlling Person and together with the Underwriters and Selected Dealers, the Indemnified Parties
and each, an Indemnified Party) within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act,
and its counsel, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal
or other documented expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened,
or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the
Underwriters and any third party or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Act, the Exchange Act or any
other foreign, federal, state or local statute, law, rule, regulation or ordinance or at common law or otherwise or under the laws, rules
and regulation of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in (i) any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and
supplemented); (ii) in any post-effective amendment or amendments or any new registration statement and prospectus relating to any of
the Public Securities; or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5 collectively called application)
executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public
Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any foreign or state securities commission or agency, Nasdaq
(in each case other than statements contained in the section captioned Selling Restrictions); or the omission or alleged
omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company with respect to an Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Registration Statement the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereof, or in any application, as the case may be,
which furnished written information, it is expressly agreed, consists solely of the information described in the proviso contained in
the last sentence of Section 2.3.1. With respect to any such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made
in the Preliminary Prospectus, the indemnity agreement contained in this paragraph shall not inure to the benefit of any Underwriter or
Selected Dealer to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense of such Underwriter or Selected Dealer results from the
fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior
to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Securities to such person as required by the Act and the Regulations, and if such untrue
statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance
by the Company with its obligations under this Agreement. The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative of the commencement
of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or controlling persons in connection with the issue
and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

5.1.2. Reserved.

5.1.3. Procedure. If
any action is brought against an Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant to Section
5.1.1, such party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company shall, upon the Companys
own election or the request by the Indemnified Party, assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel
(subject to the reasonable approval of such Indemnified Party, as applicable) and payment of actual expenses. Such Indemnified Party or
Indemnified Parties shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case if the counsel of the Indemnified Party reasonably
determines that it would be inappropriate under the applicable rules of professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent
both the Company and the Indemnified Party , but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party
unless: (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by the Company in connection
with the defense of such action; (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such action; or (iii)
counsel to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Parties shall have reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to it or
them which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which case the Company shall not have the right to direct
the defense of such action on behalf of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Parties), in any of which events the reasonable fees and
expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Indemnified Parties shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if an Indemnified Party shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the Company
shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such action which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Page 22 of 33

5.2. Indemnification of
the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers,
employees and agents, and any person who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange
Act, and its counsel, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company
to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions
made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any application,
in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company with respect to such Underwriter by or on
behalf of the Underwriter expressly for use in such Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto or in any such application, which furnished written information, it is expressly agreed, consists solely of the information
described in the last sentence of Section 2.3.1. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified
based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or any application,
and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the
Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the
provisions of Section 5.1.3.

5.3. Contribution.

5.3.1. Contribution Rights.
In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Act in any case in which (i) any person entitled to indemnification
under this Section 5 makes claim for indemnification pursuant hereto but it is judicially determined (by the entry of a final judgment
or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) that such
indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Section 5 provides for indemnification in such case,
or (ii) contribution under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise may be required on the part of any such person in circumstances for
which indemnification is provided under this Section 5 but is unavailable, then, and in each such case, the Company and the Underwriters
shall contribute to the aggregate losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement
incurred by the Company and the Underwriters, as incurred, in such proportions that the Underwriters are responsible for that portion
represented by the percentage that the underwriting discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the initial offering
price appearing thereon and the Company is responsible for the balance; provided, that, no person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in
excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Public Securities underwritten by it and distributed to the public were offered
to the public exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay in respect of such losses, liabilities,
claims, damages and expenses. For purposes of this Section, each director, officer and employee of an Underwriter or the Company, as applicable,
and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act shall
have the same rights to contribution as the Underwriters or the Company, as applicable.

5.3.2. Contribution Procedure.
Within fifteen days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representatives) of notice of the commencement of any action,
suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party (Contributing
Party), notify the Contributing Party of the commencement thereof, but the omission to so notify the Contributing Party will
not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any such action,
suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a Contributing Party or its representatives of the commencement
thereof within the aforesaid fifteen days, the Contributing Party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and
any other Contributing Party similarly notified. Any such Contributing Party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on
account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding effected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement
of any claim, action or proceeding effected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such Contributing Party.
The contribution provisions contained in this Section are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution
under the Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 5.3
are several and not joint.

Page 23 of 33

6. Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1. Default Not Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if
the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units
that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2. Default Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the Representative
may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the
terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative
does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within
which to procure another party or parties reasonably satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In
the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided
in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company
(except as provided in Sections 3.12 and 5 hereof) or the several non-defaulting Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof);
provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters
and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

6.3. Postponement of Closing
Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are
to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing
Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be
made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements, and
the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1. Additional Shares
or Options. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Company hereby agrees that until the Company consummates a Business
Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares or any preferred
shares which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote on a Business Combination.

7.2. Trust Account Waiver
Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that, prior to commencing its due diligence investigation of any Target Business or obtaining
the services of any vendor, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to have such Target Business or vendor acknowledge in writing,
whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges
the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus, and understands that the Company
has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $60,000,000 (or $69,000,000 if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in
full) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event of the redemption of their shares
upon consummation of a Business Combination or amendment to the Companys Charter Documents relating to pre-Business Combination
activity, (ii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with the Companys liquidation in the event the Company is unable to consummate
a Business Combination within the required time period or (iii) to the Company and others concurrently with, or after it consummates a
Business Combination, and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (1) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating
a Business Combination with it or (2) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor
agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies of the Trust Account (Claim)
and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company
and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The foregoing letters shall substantially be in the form
attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. The Company may forgo obtaining such waivers only if the
Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of
Directors.

Page 24 of 33

7.3. Letter Agreement.
The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Letter Agreement executed between the
Company and each Company Affiliate and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, the Letter Agreement without the prior written
consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

7.4. Tender Offer, Proxy
and Other Information. The Company shall provide the Representative with copies of all proxy or tender offer documentation and other
information and all related material sent to Public Shareholders in connection with a Business Combination.

7.5. Rule 419. The
Company agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act
prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including, but not limited to, using commercially reasonable efforts to prevent
any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under
the Exchange Act during such period.

7.6. Presentation of Potential
Target Businesses. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause each of the Respondents to agree that, in order to minimize
potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, the Respondents will present to the Company for its consideration,
prior to presentation to any other person or company, any suitable opportunity to acquire an operating business, until the earlier of
the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary
obligations the Respondents might have.

7.7. Target Fair Market
Value. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance
in the Trust Account (excluding any taxes and the Deferred Underwriting Fee) at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business
Combination with such Target Business. The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company
based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value.
If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market value
requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions. The Company is not required to obtain such an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys
Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value.

8. Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained
in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements at the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as applicable,
and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section
5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter,
the Company or any controlling person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Securities
to the several Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary
of the Closing Date, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

Page 25 of 33

9. Reserved.

10. Effective
Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

10.1. Effective Date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof.

10.2. Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date: (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted or, in the Representatives sole opinion, will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, Nasdaq
or on the OTC Bulletin Board (or successor trading market) shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have
been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have
been required on the OTC Bulletin Board or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii)
if the United States shall have become involved in a war or an increase in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium
has been declared by a New York State or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which
materially adversely impacts the United States securities market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire,
flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have
been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Units, (vii)
if any of the Companys representations, warranties or covenants hereunder are breached, or (viii) if the Representative shall have
become aware after the date hereof of a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions,
including, without limitation, as a result of terrorist activities or any other calamity or crisis either within or outside the United
States after the date hereof, or any increase in any of the foregoing, as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable
to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Firm Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of
the Firm Units.

10.3. Expenses. If
this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Company shall not be under any liability to any Underwriter or the
Representative; but, if for any other reason this Agreement shall not be carried out, within the time specified herein or any extensions
thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated
herein shall be governed by Section 3.12 hereof.

10.4. Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way effected by, such election or termination
or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

11. Miscellaneous.

11.1. Notices. All
communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed by certified mail
(with return receipt), delivered by e-mail or by hand or reputable overnight courier, delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed
confirmation of receipt) and confirmed, or by electronic transmission via PDF and shall be deemed given when so e-mailed, delivered, or
faxed or transmitted (or, if mailed, five days after such mailing):

If to the Representative:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Fax No.: (212) 624-2117

Attn: Thomas J. Higgins

Email: thiggins@allianceg.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Huan Lou, Esq. and David Manno,
Esq.

Email: hlou@srfc.law and dmanno@srfc.law

Page 26 of 33

If to the Company, to:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Attn: Dr. Fen Zhang

Email: eric.zhang@hercules.global

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Robinson & Cole LLP

Chrysler East Building

666 Third Avenue, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attention: Arila E. Zhou

Telephone: (212) 451-2908

Email: azhou@rc.com

11.2. Headings. The
headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or
interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

11.3. Amendment. This
Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

11.4. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute
the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

11.5. Binding Effect.
This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company and the
controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and
assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or
by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained.

11.6. Governing Law, Venue,
etc. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Company and the Representative hereby agrees that any action, proceeding,
or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of
New York, New York County under the accelerated adjudication procedures of the Commercial Division, or in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, as applicable, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive.
Each of the Company and the Representative hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an
inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company or the Representative, respectively, may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative,
respectively, in any action, proceeding, or claim. Each of the Company and the Representative agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in
any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating
to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor.

Page 27 of 33

11.7. Execution in Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery
of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by fax or email/.pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

11.8. Waiver, etc.
The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of
any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the
party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment
shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

11.9. No Fiduciary Relationship.
The Company hereby acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting solely as underwriters in connection with the offering of the Public
Securities. The Company further acknowledges that the Underwriters are acting pursuant to a contractual relationship created solely by
this Agreement entered into on an arms length basis and in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible
as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters
may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of the offering of the Public Securities, either before or after the date hereof. The
Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement
to that effect. The Company, the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgments with respect
to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including
but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Public Securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations
to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against
the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Signature Page Follows]

Page 28 of 33

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Representative and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very Truly Yours,

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

By: /s/ Fen Eric Zhang 

Name: Fen Eric Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Agreed to and accepted

as of the date first written above:

A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS

as Representative of the several Underwriters

By: /s/ Thomas J. Higgins 

Name: Thomas J. Higgins 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Underwriting Agreement]

Page 29 of 33

SCHEDULE A

COLUMBUS
ACQUISITION CORP

6,000,000 Units

Underwriter Number of Firm Units

to be

Purchased 

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 3,192,982 

The Benchmark Company, LLC 2,807,018 

TOTAL 6,000,000 

Page 30 of 33

SCHEDULE B

Testing-the-Waters Communications

Page
31 of
33

EXHIBIT A

Form of Target Business Letter

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company), dated [__], 202_ (the Prospectus). Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus
and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $60,000,000, for the benefit of
the Public Shareholders and that, except for the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies
from the Trust Account only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event of the redemption of their shares upon consummation of a business
combination or amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to pre-Business Combination
activity, (ii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with the Companys liquidation in the event the Company is unable to consummate
a Business Combination within the required time period or (iii) to the Company concurrently with, or after it consummates a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to evaluate the undersigned for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees
that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim)
and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Target Business

Authorized Signature of Target Business

Page 32 of 33

EXHIBIT B

Form of Vendor Letter

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company), dated [__], 202_ (the Prospectus). Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus
and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $60,000,000, for the benefit of
the Public Shareholders and that, except for the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies
from the Trust Account only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event of the redemption of their shares upon consummation of a Business
Combination or amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to pre-Business Combination
activity, (ii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with the Companys liquidation in the event the Company is unable to consummate
a Business Combination within the required time period or (iii) to the Company concurrently with, or after it consummates a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to use the services of the undersigned, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may
have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust
Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Vendor

Authorized Signature of Vendor

Page 33 of 33
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex3-1_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 22, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

COMPANIES ACT (REVISED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

Columbus Acquisition Corp

ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION PASSED ON 17 JANUARY 2025

Companies Act (Revised)

Company Limited by Shares

Amended and Restated

Memorandum of Association

of

Columbus Acquisition Corp

Adopted by special resolution passed on 17 January 2025

1 The name of the Company is Columbus Acquisition Corp.

2 The Companys registered office will be situated at the office of Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited,
89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands, or at such other place in the Cayman Islands as the directors may at
any time decide.

3 The Companys objects are unrestricted. As provided by section 7(4) of the Companies Act (Revised),
the Company has full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by any law of the Cayman Islands.

4 The Company has unrestricted corporate capacity. Without limitation to the foregoing, as provided by section 27
(2) of the Companies Act (Revised), the Company has and is capable of exercising all the functions of a natural person of full capacity
irrespective of any question of corporate benefit.

5 Nothing in any of the preceding paragraphs permits the Company to carry on any of the following businesses
without being duly licensed, namely:

(a) the business of a bank or trust company without being licensed in that behalf under the Banks and Trust
Companies Act (Revised); or

(b) insurance business from within the Cayman Islands or the business of an insurance manager, agent, sub-agent
or broker without being licensed in that behalf under the Insurance Act (Revised);or

(c) the business of company management without being licensed in that behalf under the Companies Management
Act (Revised).

6 Unless licensed to do so, the Company will not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm or corporation
except in furtherance of its business carried on outside the Cayman Islands. Despite this, the Company may effect and conclude contracts
in the Cayman Islands and exercise in the Cayman Islands any of its powers necessary for the carrying on of its business outside the Cayman
Islands.

7 The Company is a company limited by shares and accordingly the liability of each member is limited to
the amount (if any) unpaid on that members shares.

8 The share capital of the Company is US$50,000 divided into 490,000,000 Ordinary Shares of a par value
of US$0.0001 each and 10,000,000 Preference Shares of par value US$0.0001 each. However, subject to the Companies Act (Revised) and
the Companys articles of association, the Company has power to do any one or more of the following:

(a) to redeem or repurchase any of its shares; and

(b) to increase or reduce its capital; and

(c) to issue any part of its capital (whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced):

(i) (with or without any preferential, deferred, qualified or special rights, privileges or conditions; or

(ii) subject to any limitations or restrictions

and unless the condition of issue expressly
declares otherwise, every issue of shares (whether declared to be ordinary, preference or otherwise) is subject to this power; or

(d) to alter any of those rights, privileges, conditions, limitations or restrictions.

9 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

COMPANIES
ACT (REVISED)

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

Columbus Acquisition Corp

ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION PASSED ON 17 JANUARY 2025

1. Definitions, interpretation and exclusion of Table A 1

Definitions 1

Interpretation 4

Exclusion of Table A Articles 5

2. Commencement of Business 5

3. Shares 5

Power to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights 5

Power to issue fractions of a Share 6

Power to pay commissions and brokerage fees 6

Trusts not recognised 6

Power to vary class rights 7

Effect of new Share issue on existing class rights 7

Capital contributions without issue of further Shares 7

No bearer Shares or warrants 7

Treasury Shares 8

Rights attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters 8

Designation of Preference Shares Rights 8

4. Register of Members 9

5. Share certificates 9

Issue of share certificates 9

Renewal of lost or damaged share certificates 10

6. Lien on Shares 10

Nature and scope of lien 10

Company may sell Shares to satisfy lien 10

Authority to execute instrument of transfer 10

Consequences of sale of Shares to satisfy lien 11

Application of proceeds of sale 11

7. Calls on Shares and forfeiture 11

Power to make calls and effect of calls 11

Time when call made 11

Liability of joint holders 11

Interest on unpaid calls 12

Deemed calls 12

Power to accept early payment 12

Power to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares 12

Notice of default 12

Forfeiture or surrender of Shares 12

Disposal of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender 13

Effect of forfeiture or surrender on former Member 13

Evidence of forfeiture or surrender 13

Sale of forfeited or surrendered Shares 13

8. Transfer of Shares 14

Form of transfer 14

Power to refuse registration 14

Power to suspend registration 14

Company may retain instrument of transfer 14

i

9. Transmission of Shares 14

Persons entitled on death of a Member 14

Registration of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy 14

Indemnity 15

Rights of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy 15

10. Alteration of capital 15

Increasing, consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital 15

Dealing with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares 16

Reducing share capital 16

11. Redemption and purchase of own Shares 16

Power to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares 16

Power to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie 17

Effect of redemption or purchase of a Share 17

12. Meetings of Members 17

Power to call meetings 17

Content of notice 18

Period of notice 19

Persons entitled to receive notice 19

Publication of notice on a website 19

Time a website notice is deemed to be given 19

Required duration of publication on a website 19

Accidental omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice 19

13. Proceedings at meetings of Members 19

Quorum 19

Lack of quorum 20

Use of technology 20

Chairman 20

Right of a director to attend and speak 20

Adjournment and Postponement 20

Method of voting 21

Taking of a poll 21

Chairmans casting vote 21

Amendments to resolutions 21

Written resolutions 21

Sole-member company 22

14. Voting rights of Members 22

Right to vote 22

Rights of joint holders 22

Representation of corporate Members 22

Member with mental disorder 23

Objections to admissibility of votes 23

Form of proxy 23

How and when proxy is to be delivered 24

Voting by proxy 24

15. Number of directors 25

16. Appointment, disqualification and removal of directors 25

No age limit 25

Corporate directors 25

No shareholding qualification 25

ii

Appointment and removal of directors 25

Resignation of directors 26

Termination of the office of director 26

17. Alternate directors 27

Appointment and removal 27

Notices 28

Rights of alternate director 28

Appointment ceases when the appointor ceases to be a director 28

Status of alternate director 28

Status of the director making the appointment 28

18. Powers of directors 28

Powers of directors 28

Appointments to office 29

Remuneration 29

Disclosure of information 30

19. Delegation of powers 30

Power to delegate any of the directors powers to a committee 30

Power to appoint an agent of the Company 31

Power to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company 31

Power to appoint a proxy 31

20. Meetings of directors 31

Regulation of directors meetings 31

Calling meetings 31

Notice of meetings 31

Use of technology 32

Place of meetings 32

Quorum 32

Voting 32

Validity 32

Recording of dissent 32

Written resolutions 32

Sole directors minute 33

21. Permissible directors interests and disclosure 33

Permissible interests subject to disclosure 33

Notification of interests 33

Voting where a director is interested in a matter 33

22. Minutes 34

23. Accounts and audit 34

Accounting and other records 34

No automatic right of inspection 34

Sending of accounts and reports 34

Validity despite accidental error in publication on website 35

Audit 35

24. Financial year 36

25. Record dates 36

iii

26. Dividends 36

Declaration of dividends by Members 36

Payment of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by directors 37

Apportionment of dividends 37

Right of set off 37

Power to pay other than in cash 37

How payments may be made 37

Dividends or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights 38

Dividends unable to be paid or unclaimed 38

27. Capitalisation of profits 38

Capitalisation of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve 38

Applying an amount for the benefit of members 38

28. Share premium account 39

Directors to maintain share premium account 39

Debits to share premium account 39

29. Seal 39

Company seal 39

Duplicate seal 39

When and how seal is to be used 39

If no seal is adopted or used 39

Power to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal 40

Validity of execution 40

30. Indemnity 40

Indemnity 40

Release 40

Insurance 41

31. Notices 41

Form of notices 41

Electronic communications 41

Persons authorised to give notices 41

Delivery of written notices 42

Joint holders 42

Signatures 42

Evidence of transmission 42

Giving notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member 42

Date of giving notices 42

Saving provision 43

32. Authentication of Electronic Records 43

Application of Articles 43

Authentication of documents sent by Members by Electronic means 43

Authentication of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means 44

Manner of signing 44

Saving provision 44

33. Transfer by way of continuation 45

34. Winding up 44

Distribution of assets in specie 44

No obligation to accept liability 45

iv

35. Amendment of Memorandum and Articles 45

Power to change name or amend Memorandum 45

Power to amend these Articles 45

36. Mergers and Consolidations 45

37. Business Combination 45

38. Certain Tax Filings 48

39. Business Opportunities 48

40. Exclusive Jurisdiction and Forum 49

v

Companies Act (Revised)

Company Limited by Shares

Amended and Restated

Articles of Association

of

Columbus Acquisition Corp

Adopted by special resolution passed on 17 January 2025

1. Definitions,
interpretation and exclusion of Table A

Definitions

1.1 In these Articles, the following definitions apply:

Amendment Redemption has the
meaning ascribed to it in Article 37.9.

Act means the Companies Act (Revised)
of the Cayman Islands.

Affiliate in respect of a person,
means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons spouse,
parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or
anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person
or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation
or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means, with respect
to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees
or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means, as appropriate:

(a) these Amended and Restated Articles of Association as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise
modified from time to time: or

(b) two or more particular Articles of these Articles;

and Article refers to a particular
Article of these Articles.

Audit Committee means the audit
committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to Article 23.8hereof, or any successor audit committee.

Auditor means the person for
the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company.

Business Combination means
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company,
with one or more businesses or entities (each a target business), which Business Combination: (a) must be with one or
more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account
(net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any taxes payable on
the interest earned on the Trust Account); and (b) must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a
similar company with nominal operations.

1

Business Day means a day other
than a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City, a Saturday or
a Sunday.

Cayman Islands means the British
Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands.

Clear Days, in relation to a
period of notice, means that period excluding:

(a) the day when the notice is given or deemed to be given; and

(b) the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect.

Clearing House means a clearing
house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock
exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Company means the above-named
company.

Compensation Committee means
the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Default Rate means 10% (ten
per cent) per annum.

Designated Stock Exchange means
any United States national securities exchange, including the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, the NYSE American LLC or The New York Stock Exchange
LLC or any OTC market on which the Shares are listed for trading.

Electronic has the meaning given
to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised).

Electronic Communication Facilities
means video, video-conferencing, internet or online conferencing applications, telephone or tele-conferencing and/or any other video-communications,
internet or online conferencing application or telecommunications facilities by means of which all persons participating in a meeting
are capable of hearing and being heard by each other;

Electronic Record has the meaning
given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised).

Electronic Signature has the
meaning given to that term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised).

Equity-linked Securities means
any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares issued in a financing transaction
in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange Act means the United
States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Founders means all Members immediately
prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Fully Paid and Paid Up:

(a) in relation to a Share with par value, means that the par value for that Share and any premium payable
in respect of the issue of that Share, has been fully paid or credited as paid in money or moneys worth;

2

(b) in relation to a Share without par value, means that the agreed issue price for that Share has been fully
paid or credited as paid in money or moneys worth.

Independent Director means a
director who is an independent director as defined in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange as determined by the
directors.

Investor Group means the Sponsor
and its Affiliates, successors and assigns.

IPO means the Companys
initial public offering of securities.

IPO Redemption has the meaning
given to it in Article 37.6.

Member means any person or persons
entered on the Register of Members from time to time as the holder of a Share.

Memorandum means the Amended
and Restated Memorandum of Association of the Company as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time.

Nominating Committee means the
nominating committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Officer means a person then appointed
to hold an office in the Company; and the expression includes a director, alternate director or liquidator.

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution
of a duly constituted general meeting of the Company passed by a simple majority of the votes cast by, or on behalf of, the Members entitled
to vote thereon. The expression also includes a unanimous written resolution.

Ordinary Share means an ordinary
share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Over-Allotment Option means the
option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15% of the firm units (as described at Article 3.4) issued in the
IPO at a price equal to US$10.00 per unit, less underwriting discount and commissions.

Preference Share means a preference
share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means a Share issued
as part of the units (as described in Article 3.4) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Price has the meaning
given to it in Article 37.6.

Register of Members means the
register of Members maintained in accordance with the Act and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register
of Members.

Representative means a representative
of the Underwriters.

SEC means the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Secretary means a person appointed
to perform the duties of the secretary of the Company, including a joint, assistant or deputy secretary.

Share means an Ordinary Share
or a Preference Share in the share capital of the Company; and the expression:

(a) includes stock (except where a distinction between shares and stock is expressed or implied); and

(b) where the context permits, also includes a fraction of a share.

3

Special Resolution has the meaning
given to that term in the Act; and the expression includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor means Hercules Capital
Management Corp, a British Virgin Islands company.

Tax Filing Authorised Person
means such person as any director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Tender Offer has the meaning
ascribed to it in Article 38.2.

Treasury Shares means Shares
of the Company held in treasury pursuant to the Act and Article 3.14.

Trust Account means the trust
account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together
with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of like units comprising like securities to those included in the IPO by
the Company simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter
of the IPO from time to time, and any successor underwriter.

Virtual Meeting means any general
meeting of the Members at which the Members (and any other permitted participants of such meeting, including without limitation the chairman
of the meeting and any Directors) are permitted to attend and participate solely by means of Electronic Communication Facilities.

Interpretation

1.2 In the interpretation of these Articles, the following provisions apply unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) A reference in these Articles to a statute is a reference to a statute of the Cayman Islands as known
by its short title, and includes:

(i) any statutory modification, amendment or re-enactment; and

(ii) any subordinate legislation or regulations issued under that statute.

Without limitation to the preceding sentence,
a reference to a revised Act of the Cayman Islands is taken to be a reference to the revision of that Act in force from time to time as
amended from time to time.

(b) Headings are inserted for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these Articles, unless
there is ambiguity.

(c) If a day on which any act, matter or thing is to be done under these Articles is not a Business Day, the
act, matter or thing must be done on the next Business Day.

(d) A word which denotes the singular also denotes the plural, a word which denotes the plural also denotes
the singular, and a reference to any gender also denotes the other genders.

(e) A reference to a person includes, as appropriate, a company, trust, partnership, joint venture, association,
body corporate or government agency.

(f) Where a word or phrase is given a defined meaning another part of speech or grammatical form in respect
to that word or phrase has a corresponding meaning.

4

(g) All references to time are to be calculated by reference to time in the place where the Companys
registered office is located.

(h) The words written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in a visible form,
but do not include an Electronic Record where the distinction between a document in writing and an Electronic Record is expressed or implied.

(i) The words including, include and in particular or any similar expression are to be construed without limitation.

(j) Any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles
themselves can be satisfied in the form of an Electronic Signature.

(k) Sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply.

(l) The term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register
of Members as the holder of such Share.

(m) The term present means, in respect of any person attending a meeting, such persons
presence at a general meeting of Members (or any meeting of the holders of any class of Shares), which may be satisfied by means of such
person or, if a corporation or other non-natural person, its duly authorized representative (or, in the case of any Member, a proxy which
has been validly appointed by such Member in accordance with these Articles), being: (a) physically present at the meeting; or (b) in
the case of any meeting at which Electronic Communication Facilities are permitted in accordance with these Articles, including any Virtual
Meeting, connected by means of the use of such Electronic Communication Facilities.

(n) Where a general meeting of Members (or any meeting of the holders of any class of Shares) is required
to be convened for a place, such place may be: (a) a physical place; or (b) a virtual place in the case of any meeting at which Electronic
Communication Facilities are permitted in accordance with these Articles, including any Virtual Meeting, connected by means of the use
of such Electronic Communication Facilities; or (c) both physical and virtual places, and the term "virtual place" includes
Electronic Communication Facilities.

Exclusion of Table A Articles

1.3 The regulations contained in Table A in the First Schedule of the Act and any other regulations contained
in any statute or subordinate legislation are expressly excluded and do not apply to the Company.

2. Commencement
of Business

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the directors
see fit.

2.2 The directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred in
or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3. Shares

Power to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Act the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by
the Company in general meeting), these Articles and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the
SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to
any existing Shares, the directors have general and unconditional authority to allot (with or without confirming rights of renunciation),
issue, grant options over or otherwise deal with any unissued Shares of the Company to such persons, at such times and on such terms and
conditions as they may decide. No Share may be issued at a discount except in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

5

3.2 Without limitation to the preceding Article, the directors may so deal with the unissued Shares of the
Company:

(a) either at a premium or at par;

(b) with or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions whether in regard to dividend,
voting, return of capital or otherwise.

3.3 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company
at such times and on such terms and conditions as the directors may decide.

3.4 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of Shares, rights, options,
warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase
or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, on such terms and conditions as the directors may decide.

Power to issue fractions of a Share

3.5 Subject to the Act, the Company may issue fractions of a Share of any class. A fraction of a Share shall
be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences,
privileges, qualifications, restrictions, rights and other attributes of a Share of that class of Shares.

Power to pay commissions and brokerage fees

3.6 The Company may, in so far as the Act permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that
person:

(a) subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally; or

(b) procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional

for any Shares in the Company. That
commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the allotment of Fully Paid or partly-paid Shares or partly in one way and partly
in another.

3.7 The Company may employ a broker in the issue of its capital and pay him any proper commission or brokerage.

Trusts not recognised

3.8 Except as required by Applicable Law:

(a) the Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable,
contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by these Articles or the Act) any other
rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder; and

(b) no person other than the Member shall be recognised by the Company as having any right in a Share.

6

Power to vary class rights

3.9 If the share capital is divided into different classes of Shares then, unless the terms on which a class
of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights attaching to a class of Shares may only be varied if one of the following applies:

(a) the Members holding two thirds of the issued Shares of that class consent in writing to the variation;
or

(b) the variation is made with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate general meeting of
the Members holding the issued Shares of that class.

3.10 For the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, all the provisions of these Articles relating
to general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to every such separate meeting except that:

(a) the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding, or representing by proxy, not less than one
third of the issued Shares of the class; and

(b) any Member holding issued Shares of the class, present in person or by proxy or, in the case of a corporate
Member, by its duly authorised representative, at the meeting may demand a poll.

Effect of new Share issue on existing class rights

3.11 Unless the terms on which a class of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on the Member
holding Shares of any class shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with
the existing Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the creation, designation or issuance of any Preference Shares with rights
and privileges ranking in priority to any existing class of Shares pursuant to Article 3.19shall not be deemed to be a variation
of the rights of such existing class.

Capital contributions without issue of further Shares

3.12 With the consent of a Member, the directors may accept a voluntary contribution to the capital of the
Company from that Member without issuing Shares in consideration for that contribution. In that event, the contribution shall be dealt
with in the following manner:

(a) It shall be treated as if it were a share premium.

(b) Unless the Member agrees otherwise:

(i) if the Member holds Shares in a single class of Shares, it shall be credited to the share premium account
for that class of Shares;

(ii) if the Member holds Shares of more than one class, it shall be credited rateably to the share premium
accounts for those classes of Shares (in the proportion that the sum of the issue prices for each class of Shares that the Member holds
bears to the total issue prices for all classes of Shares that the Member holds).

(c) It shall be subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles applicable to share premiums.

No bearer Shares or warrants

3.13 The Company shall not issue Shares or warrants to bearers.

7

Treasury Shares

3.14 Shares that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires by way of surrender in accordance with the Act
shall be held as Treasury Shares and not treated as cancelled if:

(a) the directors so determine prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of those shares; and

(b) the relevant provisions of the Memorandum and Articles and the Act are otherwise complied with.

Rights attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters

3.15 No dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether in cash or otherwise) of the Companys
assets (including any distribution of assets to members on a winding up) may be made to the Company in respect of a Treasury Share.

3.16 The Company shall be entered in the Register as the holder of the Treasury Shares. However:

(a) the Company shall not be treated as a member for any purpose and shall not exercise any right in respect
of the Treasury Shares, and any purported exercise of such a right shall be void;

(b) a Treasury Share shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company and shall not
be counted in determining the total number of issued shares at any given time, whether for the purposes of these Articles or the Act.

3.17 Nothing in the preceding Article prevents an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect
of a Treasury Share and Shares allotted as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share shall be treated as Treasury Shares.

3.18 Treasury Shares may be disposed of by the Company in accordance with the Act and otherwise on such terms
and conditions as the directors determine.

Designation of Preference Shares Rights

3.19 Before any Preference Shares of any series are issued, the Directors shall fix, by resolution or resolutions,
the following provisions of such series:

(a) the designation of such series and the number of Preference Shares to constitute such series;

(b) whether the shares of such series shall have voting rights, in addition to any voting rights provided
by Act, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights, which may be general or limited;

(c) the dividends, if any, payable on such series, whether any such dividends shall be cumulative, and, if
so, from what dates, the conditions and dates upon which such dividends shall be payable, the preference or relation which such dividends
shall bear to the dividends payable on any Shares of any other class of Shares or any other series of Preference Shares;

(d) whether the Preference Shares or such series shall be subject to redemption by the Company, and, if so,
the times, prices and other conditions of such redemption;

(e) the amount or amounts payable upon Preference Shares of such series upon, and the rights of the holders
of such series in, a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or upon any distribution of the assets, of the Company;

(f) whether the Preference Shares of such series shall be subject to the operation of a retirement or sinking
fund and, if so, the extent to and manner in which any such retirement or sinking fund shall be applied to the purchase or redemption
of the Preferred Shares of such series for retirement or other corporate purposes and the terms and provisions relative to the operation
of the retirement or sinking fund;

8

(g) whether the Preference Shares of such series shall be convertible into, or exchangeable for, Shares of
any other class of Shares or any other series of Preference Shares or any other securities and, if so, the price or prices or the rate
or rates of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and any other terms and conditions of conversion or
exchange;

(h) the limitations and restrictions, if any, to be effective while any Preference Shares or such series are
outstanding upon the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions on, and upon the purchase, redemption or other acquisition
by the Company of, the existing Shares or Shares of any other class of Shares or any other series of Preference Shares;

(i) the conditions or restrictions, if any, upon the creation of indebtedness of the Company or upon the issue
of any additional Shares, including additional shares of such series or of any other class of Shares or any other series of Preference
Shares; and

(j) any other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, and any
qualifications, limitations and restrictions of any other class of Shares or any other series of Preference Shares.

4. Register
of Members

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Act.

4.2 The directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in
accordance with the Act. The directors may also determine which Register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which
shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

4.3 The title to Shares listed on a Designated Stock Exchange may be evidenced and transferred in accordance
with the laws applicable to the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange and, for these purposes, the Register of Members
may be maintained in accordance with Section 40B of the Act.

5. Share
certificates

Issue of share certificates

5.1 Upon being entered in the Register of Members as the holder of a Share, a Member shall be entitled:

(a) without payment, to one certificate for all the Shares of each class held by that Member (and, upon transferring
a part of the Members holding of Shares of any class, to a certificate for the balance of that holding); and

(b) upon payment of such reasonable sum as the directors may determine for every certificate after the first,
to several certificates each for one or more of that Members Shares.

5.2 Every certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing numbers (if any) of the Shares to
which it relates and whether they are Fully Paid or partly paid up. A certificate may be executed under seal or executed in such other
manner as the directors determine.

5.3 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by several persons
and delivery of a certificate for a Share to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them.

9

Renewal of lost or damaged share certificates

5.4 If a share certificate is defaced, worn-out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any)
as to:

(a) evidence;

(b) indemnity;

(c) payment of the expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating the evidence; and

(d) payment of a reasonable fee, if any, for issuing a replacement share certificate

as the directors may determine, and
(in the case of defacement or wearing-out) on delivery to the Company of the old certificate.

6. Lien
on Shares

Nature and scope of lien

6.1 The Company has a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether Fully Paid or not) registered in the
name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others). The lien is for all moneys payable to the Company by the Member or the Members
estate:

(a) either alone or jointly with any other person, whether or not that other person is a Member; and

(b) whether or not those moneys are presently payable.

6.2 At any time the directors may declare any Share to be wholly or partly exempt from the provisions of this
Article.

Company may sell Shares to satisfy lien

6.3 The Company may sell any Shares over which it has a lien if all of the following conditions are met:

(a) the sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable;

(b) the Company gives notice to the Member holding the Share (or to the person entitled to it in consequence
of the death or bankruptcy of that Member) demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold;
and

(c) that sum is not paid within 14 Clear Days after that notice is deemed to be given under these Articles.

6.4 The Shares may be sold in such manner as the directors determine.

6.5 To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the directors shall incur no personal liability to
the Member concerned in respect of the sale.

Authority to execute instrument of transfer

6.6 To give effect to a sale, the directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The title of the transferee of the Shares shall not be
affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in respect of the sale.

10

Consequences of sale of Shares to satisfy lien

6.7 On sale pursuant to the preceding Articles:

(a) the name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those
Shares; and

(b) that person shall deliver to the Company for cancellation the certificate for those Shares.

Despite this, that person shall remain
liable to the Company for all monies which, at the date of sale, were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares.
That person shall also be liable to pay interest on those monies from the date of sale until payment at the rate at which interest was
payable before that sale or, failing that, at the Default Rate. The directors may waive payment wholly or in part or enforce payment without
any allowance for the value of the Shares at the time of sale or for any consideration received on their disposal.

Application of proceeds of sale

6.8 The net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs, shall be applied in payment of so much of the
sum for which the lien exists as is presently payable. Any residue shall be paid to the person whose Shares have been sold:

(a) if no certificate for the Shares was issued, at the date of the sale; or

(b) if a certificate for the Shares was issued, upon surrender to the Company of that certificate for cancellation

but, in either case, subject to the
Company retaining a like lien for all sums not presently payable as existed on the Shares before the sale.

7. Calls
on Shares and forfeiture

Power to make calls and effect of calls

7.1 Subject to the terms of allotment, the directors may make calls on the Members in respect of any moneys
unpaid on their Shares including any premium. The call may provide for payment to be by instalments. Subject to receiving at least 14
Clear Days notice specifying when and where payment is to be made, each Member shall pay to the Company the amount called on his
Shares as required by the notice.

7.2 Before receipt by the Company of any sum due under a call, that call may be revoked in whole or in part
and payment of a call may be postponed in whole or in part. Where a call is to be paid in instalments, the Company may revoke the call
in respect of all or any remaining instalments in whole or in part and may postpone payment of all or any of the remaining instalments
in whole or in part.

7.3 A Member on whom a call is made shall remain liable for that call notwithstanding the subsequent transfer
of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. A person shall not be liable for calls made after such person is no longer registered
as Member in respect of those Shares.

Time when call made

7.4 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the directors authorising
the call was passed.

Liability of joint holders

7.5 Members registered as the joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls
in respect of the Share.

11

Interest on unpaid calls

7.6 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the person from whom it is due and payable
shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid:

(a) at the rate fixed by the terms of allotment of the Share or in the notice of the call; or

(b) if no rate is fixed, at the Default Rate.

The directors may waive payment of the interest
wholly or in part.

Deemed calls

7.7 Any amount payable in respect of a Share, whether on allotment or on a fixed date or otherwise, shall
be deemed to be payable as a call. If the amount is not paid when due the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if the amount had
become due and payable by virtue of a call.

Power to accept early payment

7.8 The Company may accept from a Member the whole or a part of the amount remaining unpaid on Shares held
by him although no part of that amount has been called up.

Power to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares

7.9 Subject to the terms of allotment, the directors may make arrangements on the issue of Shares to distinguish
between Members in the amounts and times of payment of calls on their Shares.

Notice of default

7.10 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the directors may give to the person from
whom it is due not less than 14 Clear Days notice requiring payment of:

(a) the amount unpaid;

(b) any interest which may have accrued;

(c) any expenses which have been incurred by the Company due to that persons default.

7.11 The notice shall state the following:

(a) the place where payment is to be made; and

(b) a warning that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call is made will
be liable to be forfeited.

Forfeiture or surrender of Shares

7.12 If the notice under the preceding Article is not complied with, the directors may, before the payment
required by the notice has been received, resolve that any Share the subject of that notice be forfeited. The forfeiture shall include
all dividends or other moneys payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. Despite the foregoing, the
directors may determine that any Share the subject of that notice be accepted by the Company as surrendered by the Member holding that
Share in lieu of forfeiture.

7.13 The directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any Fully Paid Share.

12

Disposal of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel
forfeiture or surrender

7.14 A forfeited or surrendered Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in
such manner as the directors determine either to the former Member who held that Share or to any other person. The forfeiture or surrender
may be cancelled on such terms as the directors think fit at any time before a sale, re-allotment or other disposition. Where, for the
purposes of its disposal, a forfeited or surrendered Share is to be transferred to any person, the directors may authorise some person
to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share to the transferee.

Effect of forfeiture or surrender on former Member

7.15 On forfeiture or surrender:

(a) the name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those
Shares and that person shall cease to be a Member in respect of those Shares; and

(b) that person shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate (if any) for the forfeited
or surrendered Shares.

7.16 Despite the forfeiture or surrender of his Shares, that person shall remain liable to the Company for
all moneys which at the date of forfeiture or surrender were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together
with:

(a) all expenses; and

(b) interest from the date of forfeiture or surrender until payment:

(i) at the rate of which interest was payable on those moneys before forfeiture; or

(ii) if no interest was so payable, at the Default Rate.

The directors, however, may waive payment
wholly or in part.

Evidence of forfeiture or surrender

7.17 A declaration, whether statutory or under oath, made by a director or the Secretary shall be conclusive
evidence of the following matters stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to forfeited Shares:

(a) that the person making the declaration is a director or Secretary of the Company, and

(b) that the particular Shares have been forfeited or surrendered on a particular date.

Subject to the execution of an instrument
of transfer, if necessary, the declaration shall constitute good title to the Shares.

Sale of forfeited or surrendered Shares

7.18 Any person to whom the forfeited or surrendered Shares are disposed of shall not be bound to see to the
application of the consideration, if any, of those Shares nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity
of the proceedings in respect of, the forfeiture, surrender or disposal of those Shares.

13

8. Transfer of Shares

Form of transfer

8.1 Subject to the following Articles about the transfer of Shares, and provided that such transfer complies
with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law, a Member may transfer Shares to another person by completing an instrument of transfer in a common form or in a
form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the directors, executed:

(a) where the Shares are Fully Paid, by or on behalf of that Member; and

(b) where the Shares are partly paid, by or on behalf of that Member and the transferee.

8.2 The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered
into the Register of Members.

Power to refuse registration

8.3 If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant
to Article 3.4on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any
such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

Power to suspend registration

8.4 The directors may suspend registration of the transfer of Shares at such times and for such periods, not
exceeding 30 days in any calendar year, as they determine.

Company may retain instrument of transfer

8.5 The Company shall be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered; but an instrument
of transfer which the directors refuse to register shall be returned to the person lodging it when notice of the refusal is given.

9. Transmission
of Shares

Persons entitled on death of a Member

9.1 If a Member dies, the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to the deceased Members
interest are the following:

(a) where the deceased Member was a joint holder, the survivor or survivors; and

(b) where the deceased Member was a sole holder, that Members personal representative or representatives.

9.2 Nothing in these Articles shall release the deceased Members estate from any liability in respect
of any Share, whether the deceased was a sole holder or a joint holder.

Registration of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy

9.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member may elect
to do either of the following:

(a) to become the holder of the Share; or

(b) to transfer the Share to another person.

14

9.4 That person must produce such evidence of his entitlement as the directors may properly require.

9.5 If the person elects to become the holder of the Share, he must give notice to the Company to that effect.
For the purposes of these Articles, that notice shall be treated as though it were an executed instrument of transfer.

9.6 If the person elects to transfer the Share to another person then:

(a) if the Share is Fully Paid, the transferor must execute an instrument of transfer; and

(b) if the Share is partly paid, the transferor and the transferee must execute an instrument of transfer.

9.7 All these Articles relating to the transfer of Shares shall apply to the notice or, as appropriate, the
instrument of transfer.

Indemnity

9.8 A person registered as a Member by reason of the death or bankruptcy of another Member shall indemnify
the Company and the directors against any loss or damage suffered by the Company or the directors as a result of that registration.

Rights of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy

9.9 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Member shall have the
rights to which he would be entitled if he were registered as the holder of the Share. However, until he is registered as Member in respect
of the Share, he shall not be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the holders of that
class of Shares in the Company.

10. Alteration
of capital

Increasing, consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling
share capital

10.1 To the fullest extent permitted by the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution do any of the following
and amend its Memorandum for that purpose:

(a) increase its share capital by new Shares of the amount fixed by that Ordinary Resolution and with the
attached rights, priorities and privileges set out in that Ordinary Resolution;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its Paid Up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into Paid Up Shares of any
denomination;

(d) sub-divide its Shares or any of them into Shares of an amount smaller than that fixed by the Memorandum,
so, however, that in the sub-division, the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall
be the same as it was in case of the Share from which the reduced Share is derived; and

(e) cancel Shares which, at the date of the passing of that Ordinary Resolution, have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person, and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled or, in the case of Shares
without nominal par value, diminish the number of Shares into which its capital is divided.

15

Dealing with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares

10.2 Whenever, as a result of a consolidation of Shares, any Members would become entitled to fractions of
a Share the directors may on behalf of those Members:

(a) sell the Shares representing the fractions for the best price reasonably obtainable to any person (including,
subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company); and

(b) distribute the net proceeds in due proportion among those Members.

For that purpose, the directors may
authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The
transferee shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor shall the transferees title to the Shares be
affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity of, the proceedings in respect of the sale.

Reducing share capital

10.3 Subject to the Act and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding a particular
class of Shares, the Company may, by Special Resolution, reduce its share capital in any way.

11. Redemption
and purchase of own Shares

Power to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares

11.1 Subject to the Act and Article 37, and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members
holding a particular class of Shares, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or
any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may by its directors:

(a) issue Shares that are to be redeemed or liable to be redeemed, at the option of the Company or the Member
holding those redeemable Shares, on the terms and in the manner its directors determine before the issue of those Shares;

(b) with the consent by Special Resolution of the Members holding Shares of a particular class, vary the rights
attaching to that class of Shares so as to provide that those Shares are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of
the Company on the terms and in the manner which the directors determine at the time of such variation; and

(c) purchase all or any of its own Shares of any class including any redeemable Shares on the terms and in
the manner which the directors determine at the time of such purchase.

The Company may make a payment in respect
of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner authorised by the Act, including out of any combination of the following:
capital, its profits and the proceeds of a fresh issue of Shares.

11.2 With respect to redeeming, repurchasing or surrendering of Shares:

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in Article 37.3;

(b) Ordinary Shares held by the Founders shall be surrendered by the Founders for no consideration to the
extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Founders will own 20% of all Ordinary Shares outstanding
upon completion of the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement and issuance of the representative shares simultaneously
with the IPO); and

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of Tender Offer in the circumstances set out in Article 37.2(b).

16

Power to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie

11.3 When making a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of Shares, the directors may make the payment
in cash or in specie (or partly in one and partly in the other) if so authorised by the terms of the allotment of those Shares, or by
the terms applying to those Shares in accordance with Article 11.1, or otherwise by agreement with the Member holding those Shares.

Effect of redemption or purchase of a Share

11.4 Upon the date of redemption or purchase of a Share:

(a) the Member holding that Share shall cease to be entitled to any rights in respect of the Share other than
the right to receive:

(i) the price for the Share; and

(ii) any dividend declared in respect of the Share prior to the date of redemption or purchase;

(b) the Members name shall be removed from the Register of Members with respect to the Share; and

(c) the Share shall be cancelled or held as a Treasury Shares, as the directors may determine.

For the purpose of this Article, the
date of redemption or purchase is the date when the redemption or purchase falls due.

11.5 For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions and repurchases of Shares in the circumstances described in Articles 11.2(a),
11.2(b) and 11.2(c) above shall not require further approval of the Members.

12. Meetings
of Members

Power to call meetings

12.1 To the extent required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any
other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, an annual general meeting of the Company shall be held no later
than one year after the first financial year end occurring after the IPO, and shall be held in each year thereafter at such time as determined
by the directors and the Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Act or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law) be obliged to, in each year hold any other
general meeting.

12.2 The agenda of the annual general meeting shall be set by the directors.

12.3 Annual general meetings shall be held in New York, USA or in such other places as the directors may determine.

12.4 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings
and the Company shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it.

12.5 The directors may call a general meeting at any time, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not
have the ability to call general meetings.

17

12.6 If there are insufficient directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining directors are unable to agree
on the appointment of additional directors, the directors must call a general meeting for the purpose of appointing additional directors.

Content of notice

12.7 Notice of a general meeting shall specify each of the following:

(a) the place, the date and the hour of the meeting;

(b) if the meeting is to be held in two or more places, or any meeting at which Electronic Communication Facilities
will be utilized (including any Virtual Meeting), the Electronic Communication Facilities that will be used to facilitate the meeting,
including the procedures to be followed by any Member or other participant of the meeting who wishes to utilize such Electronic Communication
Facilities for the purposes of attending and participating in such meeting;

(c) subject to paragraph (d), the general nature of the business to be transacted; and

(d) if a resolution is proposed as a Special Resolution, the text of that resolution.

12.8 In each notice there shall appear with reasonable prominence the following statements:

(a) that a Member who is entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend
and vote instead of that Member; and

(b) that a proxyholder need not be a Member.

Period of notice

12.9 At least five days notice of a general meeting must be given to Members, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of
these Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than 95% in par value of the Shares giving that right.

Persons entitled to receive notice

12.10 Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to any restrictions imposed on any Shares, the notice
shall be given to the following people:

(a) the Members;

(b) persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member; and

(c) the directors.

18

Publication of notice on a website

12.11 Subject to the Act or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other
competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, a notice of a general meeting may be published on a website providing
the recipient is given separate notice of:

(a) the publication of the notice on the website;

(b) the place on the website where the notice may be accessed;

(c) how it may be accessed; and

(d) the place, date and time of the general meeting.

12.12 If a Member notifies the Company that he is unable for any reason to access the website, the Company must
as soon as practicable give notice of the meeting to that Member by any other means permitted by these Articles. This will not affect
when that Member is deemed to have received notice of the meeting.

Time a website notice is deemed to be given

12.13 A website notice is deemed to be given when the Member is given notice of its publication.

Required duration of publication on a website

12.14 Where the notice of meeting is published on a website, it shall continue to be published in the same place
on that website from the date of the notification until at least the conclusion of the meeting to which the notice relates.

Accidental omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice

12.15 Proceedings at a meeting shall not be invalidated by the following:

(a) an accidental failure to give notice of the meeting to any person entitled to notice; or

(b) non-receipt of notice of the meeting by any person entitled to notice.

12.16 In addition, where a notice of meeting is published on a website, proceedings at the meeting shall not
be invalidated merely because it is accidentally published:

(a) in a different place on the website; or

(b) for part only of the period from the date of the notification until the conclusion of the meeting to which
the notice relates.

13. Proceedings
at meetings of Members

Quorum

13.1 Save as provided in the following Article, no business shall be transacted at any meeting unless a quorum
is present in person or by proxy at the meeting. One or more Members who together hold not less than one-third of the Shares entitled
to vote at such meeting being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised
representative or proxy shall be a quorum; provided that a quorum in connection with any meeting that is convened to vote on a Business
Combination or any meeting convened with regards to an amendment described in Article 37.9shall be a majority of the Shares entitled
to vote at such meeting being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised
representative or proxy.

19

Lack of quorum

13.2 If a quorum is not present at the meeting within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting,
or if at any time during the meeting it becomes inquorate, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same time and place seven days hence,
or to such other time or place as is determined by the directors. If a quorum is not present at the meeting within 15 minutes of
the time appointed for the adjourned meeting, then the meeting shall be dissolved.

Use of technology

13.3 A person may participate in a general meeting through the medium of conference telephone, video or any
other form of communications equipment providing all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other throughout
the meeting. A person participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

Chairman

13.4 The chairman of a general meeting (including any Virtual Meeting) shall be the chairman of the board or
such other director as the directors have nominated to chair board meetings in the absence of the chairman of the board. Absent any such
person being present at the meeting within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, the directors present shall elect one
of their number to chair the meeting. The chairman of the meeting shall be entitled to attend and participate at any such general meeting
by means of Electronic Communication Facilities, and to act as the chairman of such general meeting, in which event the chairman of the
meeting shall be deemed to be present at the meeting.

13.5 If no director is present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if no director
is willing to act as chairman, the Members present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall choose one of their number to chair
the meeting.

Right of a director to attend and speak

13.6 Even if a director is not a Member, he shall be entitled to attend and speak at any general meeting and
at any separate meeting of Members holding a particular class of Shares in the Company.

Adjournment and Postponement

13.7 The chairman may at any time adjourn a meeting. The chairman must adjourn the meeting if so directed by
the meeting. No business, however, can be transacted at an adjourned meeting other than business which might properly have been transacted
at the original meeting.

13.8 Should a meeting be adjourned for more than thirty Clear Days, whether because of a lack of quorum or
otherwise, Members shall be given at least five Clear Days notice of the date, time and place of the adjourned meeting and the
general nature of the business to be transacted. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the adjournment.

13.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the directors,
in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general meeting at the place,
the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the directors may postpone the general meeting to another place, day
and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is promptly given to all Members.
No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

20

13.10 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be
given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy
forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The directors may postpone a general meeting
which has already been postponed.

Method of voting

13.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

Taking of a poll

13.12 A poll demanded on the question of adjournment shall be taken immediately.

13.13 A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken either immediately or at an adjourned meeting at
such time and place as the chairman directs, not being more than 30 Clear Days after the poll was demanded.

13.14 The demand for a poll shall not prevent the meeting continuing to transact any business other than the
question on which the poll was demanded.

13.15 A poll shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs. He may appoint scrutineers (who need not
be Members) and fix a place and time for declaring the result of the poll. If, through the aid of technology, the meeting is held in more
than place, the chairman may appoint scrutineers in more than place; but if he considers that the poll cannot be effectively monitored
at that meeting, the chairman shall adjourn the holding of the poll to a date, place and time when that can occur.

Chairmans casting vote

13.16 If the votes on a resolution are equal, the chairman may if he wishes exercise a casting vote.

Amendments to resolutions

13.17 An Ordinary Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution if:

(a) not less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of
the meeting may determine), notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a Member entitled to vote at that meeting;
and

(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the meeting, materially
alter the scope of the resolution.

13.18 A Special Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution, if:

(a) the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the resolution is to
be proposed, and

(b) the amendment does not go beyond what the chairman considers is necessary to correct a grammatical or
other non-substantive error in the resolution.

13.19 If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a resolution
is out of order, the chairmans error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution.

Written resolutions

13.20 Members may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if the following conditions are met:

(a) all Members entitled so to vote are given notice of the resolution as if the same were being proposed
at a meeting of Members;

21

(b) all Members entitled so to vote:

(i) sign a document; or

(ii) sign several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those Members; and

(c) the signed document or documents is or are delivered to the Company, including, if the Company so nominates,
by delivery of an Electronic Record by Electronic means to the address specified for that purpose.

Such written resolution shall be as
effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Members entitled to vote duly convened and held.

13.21 If a written resolution is described as a Special Resolution or as an Ordinary Resolution, it has effect
accordingly.

13.22 The directors may determine the manner in which written resolutions shall be put to Members. In particular,
they may provide, in the form of any written resolution, for each Member to indicate, out of the number of votes the Member would have
been entitled to cast at a meeting to consider the resolution, how many votes he wishes to cast in favour of the resolution and how many
against the resolution or to be treated as abstentions. The result of any such written resolution shall be determined on the same basis
as on a poll.

Sole-member company

13.23 If the Company has only one Member, and the Member records in writing his decision on a question, that
record shall constitute both the passing of a resolution and the minute of it.

14. Voting
rights of Members

Right to vote

14.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Members Shares, or unless a call or other
amount presently payable has not been paid, all Members are entitled to vote at a general meeting, and all Members holding Shares of a
particular class of Shares are entitled to vote at a meeting of the holders of that class of Shares.

14.2 Members may vote in person or by proxy.

14.3 Every Member shall have one vote for each Share he holds, unless any Share carries special voting rights.

14.4 A fraction of a Share shall entitle its holder to an equivalent fraction of one vote.

14.5 No Member is bound to vote on his Shares or any of them; nor is he bound to vote each of his Shares in
the same way.

Rights of joint holders

14.6 If Shares are held jointly, only one of the joint holders may vote. If more than one of the joint holders
tenders a vote, the vote of the holder whose name in respect of those Shares appears first in the Register of Members shall be accepted
to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holder.

Representation of corporate Members

14.7 Save where otherwise provided, a corporate Member must act by a duly authorised representative.

22

14.8 A corporate Member wishing to act by a duly authorised representative must identify that person to the
Company by notice in writing.

14.9 The authorisation may be for any period of time, and must be delivered to the Company not less than two
hours before the commencement of the meeting at which it is first used.

14.10 The directors of the Company may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary
to determine the validity of the notice.

14.11 Where a duly authorised representative is present at a meeting that Member is deemed to be present in
person; and the acts of the duly authorised representative are personal acts of that Member.

14.12 A corporate Member may revoke the appointment of a duly authorised representative at any time by notice
to the Company; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the duly authorised representative before
the directors of the Company had actual notice of the revocation.

14.13 If a clearing house (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons
as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the
authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person
so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts
and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered
holder of such Shares held by the clearing house (or its nominee(s)).

Member with mental disorder

14.14 A Member in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction (whether in the Cayman
Islands or elsewhere) in matters concerning mental disorder may vote, by that Members receiver, curator bonis or other person authorised
in that behalf appointed by that court.

14.15 For the purpose of the preceding Article, evidence to the satisfaction of the directors of the authority
of the person claiming to exercise the right to vote must be received not less than 24 hours before holding the relevant meeting
or the adjourned meeting in any manner specified for the delivery of forms of appointment of a proxy, whether in writing or by Electronic
means. In default, the right to vote shall not be exercisable.

Objections to admissibility of votes

14.16 An objection to the validity of a persons vote may only be raised at the meeting or at the adjourned
meeting at which the vote is sought to be tendered. Any objection duly made shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be
final and conclusive.

Form of proxy

14.17 An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in any common form or in any other form approved by the directors.

14.18 The instrument must be in writing and signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by the Member; or

(b) by the Members authorised attorney; or

(c) if the Member is a corporation or other body corporate, under seal or signed by an authorised officer,
secretary or attorney.

23

If the directors so resolve, the Company
may accept an Electronic Record of that instrument delivered in the manner specified below and otherwise satisfying these Articles about
authentication of Electronic Records.

14.19 The directors may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary to determine the
validity of any appointment of a proxy.

14.20 A Member may revoke the appointment of a proxy at any time by notice to the Company duly signed in accordance
with the Article above about signing proxies; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the proxy before
the directors of the Company had actual notice of the revocation.

How and when proxy is to be delivered

14.21 Subject to the following Articles, the form of appointment of a proxy and any authority under which it
is signed (or a copy of the authority certified notarially or in any other way approved by the directors) must be delivered so that it
is received by the Company not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person
named in the form of appointment of proxy proposes to vote. They must be delivered in either of the following ways:

(a) In the case of an instrument in writing, it must be left at or sent by post:

(i) to the registered office of the Company; or

(ii) to such other place specified in the notice convening the meeting or in any form of appointment of proxy
sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting.

(b) If, pursuant to the notice provisions, a notice may be given to the Company in an Electronic Record, an
Electronic Record of an appointment of a proxy must be sent to the address specified pursuant to those provisions unless another address
for that purpose is specified:

(i) in the notice convening the meeting; or

(ii) in any form of appointment of a proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting; or

(iii) in any invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the meeting.

14.22 Where a poll is taken:

(a) if it is taken more than seven Clear Days after it is demanded, the form of appointment of a proxy and
any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be delivered as required under the preceding Article not less than 24
hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll;

(b) but if it to be taken within seven Clear Days after it was demanded, the form of appointment of a proxy
and any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be e delivered as required under the preceding Article not less
than two hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll.

14.23 If the form of appointment of proxy is not delivered on time, it is invalid.

Voting by proxy

14.24 A proxy shall have the same voting rights at a meeting or adjourned meeting as the Member would have had
except to the extent that the instrument appointing him limits those rights. Notwithstanding the appointment of a proxy, a Member may
attend and vote at a meeting or adjourned meeting. If a Member votes on any resolution a vote by his proxy on the same resolution, unless
in respect of different Shares, shall be invalid.

24

15. Number of directors

Unless otherwise determined by Ordinary
Resolution, the minimum number of directors shall be one and the maximum shall be ten.

16. Appointment, disqualification and removal of directors

No age limit

16.1 There is no age limit for directors save that they must be aged at least 18 years.

Corporate directors

16.2 Unless prohibited by law, a body corporate may be a director. If a body corporate is a director, these
Articles about representation of corporate Members at general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to these Articles about directors
meetings.

No shareholding qualification

16.3 Unless a shareholding qualification for directors is fixed by Ordinary Resolution, no director shall be
required to own Shares as a condition of his appointment.

Appointment and removal of directors

16.4 The directors shall be divided into two classes: Class I and Class II. Upon the adoption of these Articles,
the existing directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I or Class II directors. The Class I directors shall stand appointed
for a term expiring at the Companys first annual general meeting and the Class II directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring
at the Companys second annual general meeting. Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual
general meeting thereafter, directors appointed to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of office
to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. Subject to the above, all directors shall hold office
for the term fixed by the Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Shares or fixed by the resolution of the directors appointing such
director, as applicable.

16.5 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders
of the Shares appoint any person to be a director or may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Shares remove any director.

16.6 After the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person
to be a director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any director.

16.7 Article 16.5 may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by Members representing at least two-thirds
of the outstanding Shares who are eligible to vote and attend and vote in a general meeting of the Company's Members.

16.8 Without prejudice to the Companys power to appoint a person to be a director pursuant to these
Articles, the directors shall have power at any time to appoint any person who is willing to act as a director, either to fill a vacancy
or as an additional director. A director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a director shall
serve for the remainder of the full term of the director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such vacancy and until
his successor shall have been elected and qualified.

25

16.9 Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Articles, in any case where, as a result of death, the Company
has no directors and no shareholders, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the power, by notice in writing
to the Company, to appoint a person to be a director. For the purpose of this Article:

(a) where two or more shareholders die in circumstances rendering it uncertain who was the last to die, a
younger shareholder is deemed to have survived an older shareholder;

(b) if the last shareholder died leaving a will which disposes of that shareholders shares in the Company
(whether by way of specific gift, as part of the residuary estate, or otherwise):

(i) the expression personal representatives of the last shareholder means:

(A) until a grant of probate in respect of that will has been obtained from the Grand Court of the Cayman
Islands, all of the executors named in that will who are living at the time the power of appointment under this Article is exercised;
and

(B) after such grant of probate has been obtained, only such of those executors who have proved that will;

(ii) without derogating from section 3(1) of the Succession Act (Revised), the executors named in that
will may exercise the power of appointment under this Article without first obtaining a grant of probate.

16.10 A remaining director may appoint a director even though there is not a quorum of directors.

16.11 No appointment can cause the number of directors to exceed the maximum; and any such appointment shall
be invalid.

16.12 For so long as Shares are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the directors shall include at least
such number of Independent Directors as Applicable Law or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange require, subject
to applicable phase-in rules of the Designated Stock Exchange.

Resignation of directors

16.13 A director may at any time resign office by giving to the Company notice in writing or, if permitted pursuant
to the notice provisions, in an Electronic Record delivered in either case in accordance with those provisions.

16.14 Unless the notice specifies a different date, the director shall be deemed to have resigned on the date
that the notice is delivered to the Company.

Termination of the office of director

16.15 A directors office shall be terminated forthwith if:

(a) he is prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands from acting as a director; or

(b) he is made bankrupt or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or

(c) in the opinion of a registered medical practitioner by whom he is being treated he becomes physically
or mentally incapable of acting as a director; or

(d) he is made subject to any law relating to mental health or incompetence, whether by court order or otherwise;

26

(e) without the consent of the other directors, he is absent from meetings of directors for a continuous period
of six months; or

(f) all of the other directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed as
a director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other directors at a meeting of the directors duly convened and held in accordance
with these Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other directors.

17. Alternate directors

Appointment and removal

17.1 Until the consummation of a Business Combination, a director may not appoint an alternate director. Following
the consummation of a Business Combination, Articles 17.2 to 17.5 inclusive shall apply.

17.2 Subject to Article 17.1, any director may appoint any other person, including another director, to act
in his place as an alternate director. No appointment shall take effect until the director has given notice of the appointment to the
other directors. Such notice must be given to each other director by either of the following methods:

(a) by notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if the other director has an email address, by emailing to that address a scanned copy of the notice as
a PDF attachment (the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article 32.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken
to be given on the date of receipt by the recipient in readable form. For the avoidance of doubt, the same email may be sent to the email
address of more than one director (and to the email address of the Company pursuant to Article 17.5(c)).

17.3 Without limitation to the preceding Article, a director may appoint an alternate for a particular meeting
by sending an email to his fellow directors informing them that they are to take such email as notice of such appointment for such meeting.
Such appointment shall be effective without the need for a signed notice of appointment or the giving of notice to the Company in accordance
with Article 17.5.

17.4 A director may revoke his appointment of an alternate at any time. No revocation shall take effect until
the director has given notice of the revocation to the other directors. Such notice must be given by either of the methods specified in
Article 17.2.

17.5 A notice of appointment or removal of an alternate director must also be given to the Company by any of
the following methods:

(a) by notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions;

(b) if the Company has a facsimile address for the time being, by sending by facsimile transmission to that
facsimile address a facsimile copy or, otherwise, by sending by facsimile transmission to the facsimile address of the Companys
registered office a facsimile copy (in either case, the facsimile copy being deemed to be the notice unless Article 32.7 applies),
in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of an error-free transmission report from the senders fax machine;

(c) if the Company has an email address for the time being, by emailing to that email address a scanned copy
of the notice as a PDF attachment or, otherwise, by emailing to the email address provided by the Companys registered office a
scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment (in either case, the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article 32.7
applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt by the Company or the Companys registered office
(as appropriate) in readable form; or

(d) if permitted pursuant to the notice provisions, in some other form of approved Electronic Record delivered
in accordance with those provisions in writing.

27

Notices

17.6 All notices of meetings of directors shall continue to be given to the appointing director and not to
the alternate.

Rights of alternate director

17.7 An alternate director shall be entitled to attend and vote at any board meeting or meeting of a committee
of the directors at which the appointing director is not personally present, and generally to perform all the functions of the appointing
director in his absence.

17.8 For the avoidance of doubt:

(a) if another director has been appointed an alternate director for one or more directors, he shall be entitled
to a separate vote in his own right as a director and in right of each other director for whom he has been appointed an alternate; and

(b) if a person other than a director has been appointed an alternate director for more than one director,
he shall be entitled to a separate vote in right of each director for whom he has been appointed an alternate.

17.9 An alternate director, however, is not entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company for services
rendered as an alternate director.

Appointment ceases when the appointor ceases to be a director

17.10 An alternate director shall cease to be an alternate director if the director who appointed him ceases
to be a director.

Status of alternate director

17.11 An alternate director shall carry out all functions of the director who made the appointment.

17.12 Save where otherwise expressed, an alternate director shall be treated as a director under these Articles.

17.13 An alternate director is not the agent of the director appointing him.

17.14 An alternate director is not entitled to any remuneration for acting as alternate director.

Status of the director making the appointment

17.15 A director who has appointed an alternate is not thereby relieved from the duties which he owes the Company.

18. Powers of directors

Powers of directors

18.1 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Memorandum and these Articles, the business of the Company shall
be managed by the directors who may for that purpose exercise all the powers of the Company.

28

18.2 No prior act of the directors shall be invalidated by any subsequent alteration of the Memorandum or these
Articles. However, to the extent allowed by the Act, following the consummation of the IPO Members may by Special Resolution validate
any prior or future act of the directors which would otherwise be in breach of their duties.

Appointments to office

18.3 The directors may appoint a director:

(a) as chairman of the board of directors;

(b) as vice-chairman of the board of directors;

(c) as managing director;

(d) to any other executive office

for such period and on such terms, including
as to remuneration, as they think fit.

18.4 The appointee must consent in writing to holding that office.

18.5 Where a chairman is appointed he shall, unless unable to do so, preside at every meeting of directors.

18.6 If there is no chairman, or if the chairman is unable to preside at a meeting, that meeting may select
its own chairman; or the directors may nominate one of their number to act in place of the chairman should he ever not be available.

18.7 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the directors may also appoint any person, who need not be a director:

(a) as Secretary; and

(b) to any office that may be required (including, for the avoidance of doubt, one or more chief executive
officers, presidents, a chief financial officer, a treasurer, vice-presidents, one or more assistant vice-presidents, one or more assistant
treasurers and one or more assistant secretaries),

for such period and on such terms, including
as to remuneration, as they think fit. In the case of an Officer, that Officer may be given any title the directors decide.

18.8 The Secretary or Officer must consent in writing to holding that office.

18.9 A director, Secretary or other Officer of the Company may not hold the office, or perform the services,
of Auditor.

Remuneration

18.10 The remuneration to be paid to the directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the directors shall
determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any director prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The directors
shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all out of pocket expenses properly
incurred by them in connection with activities on behalf of the Company, including identifying and consummating a Business Combination.

18.11 Remuneration may take any form and may include arrangements to pay pensions, health insurance, death or
sickness benefits, whether to the director or to any other person connected to or related to him.

18.12 Unless his fellow directors determine otherwise, a director is not accountable to the Company for remuneration
or other benefits received from any other company which is in the same group as the Company or which has common shareholdings.

29

Disclosure of information

18.13 The directors may release or disclose to a third party any information regarding the affairs of the Company,
including any information contained in the Register of Members relating to a Member, (and they may authorise any director, Officer or
other authorised agent of the Company to release or disclose to a third party any such information in his possession) if:

(a) the Company or that person, as the case may be, is lawfully required to do so under the laws of any jurisdiction
to which the Company is subject; or

(b) such disclosure is in compliance with the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Companys shares
are listed; or

(c) such disclosure is in accordance with any contract entered into by the Company; or

(d) the directors are of the opinion such disclosure would assist or facilitate the Companys operations.

19. Delegation of powers

Power to delegate any of the directors powers to a committee

19.1 The directors may delegate any of their powers to any committee consisting of one or more persons who
need not be Members (including, without limitation, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee). Persons
on the committee may include non-directors so long as the majority of those persons are directors.

19.2 The delegation may be collateral with, or to the exclusion of, the directors own powers.

19.3 The delegation may be on such terms as the directors think fit, including provision for the committee
itself to delegate to a sub-committee; save that any delegation must be capable of being revoked or altered by the directors at will.

19.4 Unless otherwise permitted by the directors, a committee must follow the procedures prescribed for the
taking of decisions by directors.

19.5 The directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review and assess
the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary
to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the directors may delegate pursuant to
the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee, if
established, shall consist of such number of directors as the directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may
be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit
Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent
Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law.

30

Power to appoint an agent of the Company

19.6 The directors may appoint any person, either generally or in respect of any specific matter, to be the
agent of the Company with or without authority for that person to delegate all or any of that persons powers. The directors may
make that appointment:

(a) by causing the Company to enter into a power of attorney or agreement; or

(b) in any other manner they determine.

Power to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company

19.7 The directors may appoint any person, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the directors, to be
the attorney or the authorised signatory of the Company. The appointment may be:

(a) for any purpose;

(b) with the powers, authorities and discretions;

(c) for the period; and

(d) subject to such conditions

as they think fit. The powers, authorities
and discretions, however, must not exceed those vested in, or exercisable, by the directors under these Articles. The directors may do
so by power of attorney or any other manner they think fit.

19.8 Any power of attorney or other appointment may contain such provision for the protection and convenience
for persons dealing with the attorney or authorised signatory as the directors think fit. Any power of attorney or other appointment may
also authorise the attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in that person.

Power to appoint a proxy

19.9 Any director may appoint any other person, including another director, to represent him at any meeting
of the directors. If a director appoints a proxy, then for all purposes the presence or vote of the proxy shall be deemed to be that of
the appointing director.

19.10 Articles 17.1 to 17.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment by directors of alternate directors)
apply, mutatis mutandis, to the appointment of proxies by directors.

19.11 A proxy is an agent of the director appointing him and is not an Officer.

20. Meetings of directors

Regulation of directors meetings

20.1 Subject to the provisions of these Articles, the directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit.

Calling meetings

20.2 Any director may call a meeting of directors at any time. The Secretary, if any, must call a meeting of
the directors if requested to do so by a director.

Notice of meetings

20.3 Every director shall be given notice of a meeting, although a director may waive retrospectively the requirement
to be given notice. Notice may be oral. Attendance at a meeting without written objection shall be deemed to be a waiver of such notice
requirement.

31

Period of notice

20.4 At least five Clear Days notice of a meeting of directors must be given to directors. A meeting
may be convened on shorter notice with the consent of all directors.

Use of technology

20.5 A director may participate in a meeting of directors through the medium of conference telephone, video
or any other form of communications equipment providing all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other
throughout the meeting.

20.6 A director participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

Place of meetings

20.7 If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that the meeting
is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is.

Quorum

20.8 The quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of directors shall be two unless the directors
fix some other number or unless the Company has only one director.

Voting

20.9 A question which arises at a board meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. If votes are equal
the chairman may, if he wishes, exercise a casting vote.

Validity

20.10 Anything done at a meeting of directors is unaffected by the fact that it is later discovered that any
person was not properly appointed, or had ceased to be a director, or was otherwise not entitled to vote.

Recording of dissent

20.11 A director present at a meeting of directors shall be presumed to have assented to any action taken at
that meeting unless:

(a) his dissent is entered in the minutes of the meeting; or

(b) he has filed with the meeting before it is concluded signed dissent from that action; or

(c) he has forwarded to the Company as soon as practical following the conclusion of that meeting signed dissent.

A director who votes in favour of an
action is not entitled to record his dissent to it.

Written resolutions

20.12 The directors may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if all directors sign a document
or sign several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those directors.

20.13 Despite the foregoing, a resolution in writing signed by a validly appointed alternate director or by
a validly appointed proxy need not also be signed by the appointing director. If a written resolution is signed personally by the appointing
director, it need not also be signed by his alternate or proxy.

32

20.14 Such written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly
convened and held; and it shall be treated as having been passed on the day and at the time that the last director signs.

Sole directors minute

20.15 Where a sole director signs a minute recording his decision on a question, that record shall constitute
the passing of a resolution in those terms.

21. Permissible
directors interests and disclosure

Permissible interests subject to disclosure

21.1 Save as expressly permitted by these Articles or as set out below, a director may not have a direct or
indirect interest or duty which conflicts or may possibly conflict with the interests of the Company.

21.2 If, notwithstanding the prohibition in the preceding Article, a director discloses to his fellow directors
the nature and extent of any material interest or duty in accordance with the next Article, he may:

(a) be a party to, or otherwise interested in, any transaction or arrangement with the Company or in which
the Company is or may otherwise be interested; or

(b) be interested in another body corporate promoted by the Company or in which the Company is otherwise interested.
In particular, the director may be a director, secretary or officer of, or employed by, or be a party to any transaction or arrangement
with, or otherwise interested in, that other body corporate.

21.3 Such disclosure may be made at a meeting of the board or otherwise (and, if otherwise, it must be made
in writing). The director must disclose the nature and extent of his direct or indirect interest in or duty in relation to a transaction
or arrangement or series of transactions or arrangements with the Company or in which the Company has any material interest.

21.4 If a director has made disclosure in accordance with the preceding Article, then he shall not, by reason
only of his office, be accountable to the Company for any benefit that he derives from any such transaction or arrangement or from any
such office or employment or from any interest in any such body corporate, and no such transaction or arrangement shall be liable to be
avoided on the ground of any such interest or benefit.

Notification of interests

21.5 For the purposes of the preceding Articles:

(a) a general notice that a director gives to the other directors that he is to be regarded as having an interest
of the nature and extent specified in the notice in any transaction or arrangement in which a specified person or class of persons is
interested shall be deemed to be a disclosure that he has an interest in or duty in relation to any such transaction of the nature and
extent so specified; and

(b) an interest of which a director has no knowledge and of which it is unreasonable to expect him to have
knowledge shall not be treated as an interest of his.

Voting where a director is interested in a matter

21.6 A director may vote at a meeting of directors on any resolution concerning a matter in which that director
has an interest or duty, whether directly or indirectly, so long as that director discloses any material interest pursuant to these Articles.
The director shall be counted towards a quorum of those present at the meeting. If the director votes on the resolution, his vote shall
be counted.

33

21.7 Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment of two or more directors to offices
or employment with the Company or any body corporate in which the Company is interested, the proposals may be divided and considered in
relation to each director separately and each of the directors concerned shall be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum in respect
of each resolution except that concerning his or her own appointment.

22. Minutes

The Company shall cause minutes to be
made in books kept for the purpose in accordance with the Act.

23. Accounts and audit

Accounting and other records

23.1 The directors must ensure that proper accounting and other records are kept, and that accounts and associated
reports are distributed in accordance with the requirements of the Act.

No automatic right of inspection

23.2 Members are only entitled to inspect the Companys records if they are expressly entitled to do
so by law, or by resolution made by the directors or passed by Ordinary Resolution.

Sending of accounts and reports

23.3 The Companys accounts and associated directors report or auditors report that are
required or permitted to be sent to any person pursuant to any law shall be treated as properly sent to that person if:

(a) they are sent to that person in accordance with the notice provisions: or

(b) they are published on a website providing that person is given separate notice of:

(i) the fact that publication of the documents has been published on the website;

(ii) the address of the website; and

(iii) the place on the website where the documents may be accessed; and

(iv) how they may be accessed.

23.4 If, for any reason, a person notifies the Company that he is unable to access the website, the Company
must, as soon as practicable, send the documents to that person by any other means permitted by these Articles. This, however, will not
affect when that person is taken to have received the documents under the next Article.

Time of receipt if documents are published on
a website

23.5 Documents sent by being published on a website in accordance with the preceding two Articles are only
treated as sent at least five Clear Days before the date of the meeting at which they are to be laid if:

(a) the documents are published on the website throughout a period beginning at least five Clear Days before
the date of the meeting and ending with the conclusion of the meeting; and

(b) the person is given at least five Clear Days notice of the hearing.

34

Validity despite accidental error in publication on website

23.6 If, for the purpose of a meeting, documents are sent by being published on a website in accordance with
the preceding Articles, the proceedings at that meeting are not invalidated merely because:

(a) those documents are, by accident, published in a different place on the website to the place notified;
or

(b) they are published for part only of the period from the date of notification until the conclusion of that
meeting.

Audit

23.7 The directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the directors
determine.

23.8 Without prejudice to the freedom of the directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares (or
depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the Designated Stock Exchange,
the directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee
charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of the
Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee shall meet
at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

23.9 If the Shares are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate
review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential
conflicts of interest.

23.10 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

23.11 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable
of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the directors shall fill the vacancy and
determine the remuneration of such Auditor.

23.12 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts and vouchers
of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the directors and officers of the Company such information and explanation as may
be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor.

23.13 Auditors shall, if so required by the directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during their
tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the
Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the case of
a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during their term of office,
upon request of the directors or any general meeting of the Members.

23.14 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and approval
of the directors, with any director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and approval.

23.15 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified,
the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise
cause compliance with the terms of the IPO.

35

24. Financial year

Unless the directors otherwise specify,
the financial year of the Company:

(a) shall end on 31st December in the year of its incorporation and each following year; and

(b) shall begin when it was incorporated and on 1st January each following year.

25. Record dates

Except to the extent of any conflicting
rights attached to Shares, the directors may fix any time and date as the record date for:

(a) calling a general meeting;

(b) declaring or paying a dividend;

(c) making or issuing an allotment of Shares; or

(d) conducting any other business required pursuant to these Articles.

The record date may be before or after
the date on which a dividend, allotment or issue is declared, paid or made.

26. Dividends

Declaration of dividends by Members

26.1 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare dividends in accordance
with the respective rights of the Members but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the directors.

Payment of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends
by directors

26.2 The directors may pay interim dividends or declare final dividends in accordance with the respective rights
of the Members if it appears to them that they are justified by the financial position of the Company and that such dividends may lawfully
be paid.

26.3 Subject to the provisions of the Act, in relation to the distinction between interim dividends and final
dividends, the following applies:

(a) Upon determination to pay a dividend or dividends described as interim by the directors in the dividend
resolution, no debt shall be created by the declaration until such time as payment is made.

(b) Upon declaration of a dividend or dividends described as final by the directors in the dividend resolution,
a debt shall be created immediately following the declaration, the due date to be the date the dividend is stated to be payable in the
resolution.

If the resolution fails to specify whether
a dividend is final or interim, it shall be assumed to be interim.

26.4 In relation to Shares carrying differing rights to dividends or rights to dividends at a fixed rate, the
following applies:

(a) If the share capital is divided into different classes, the directors may pay dividends on Shares which
confer deferred or non-preferred rights with regard to dividends as well as on Shares which confer preferential rights with regard to
dividends but no dividend shall be paid on Shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment, any preferential
dividend is in arrears.

(b) The directors may also pay, at intervals settled by them, any dividend payable at a fixed rate if it appears
to them that there are sufficient funds of the Company lawfully available for distribution to justify the payment.

36

(c) If the directors act in good faith, they shall not incur any liability to the Members holding Shares conferring
preferred rights for any loss those Members may suffer by the lawful payment of the dividend on any Shares having deferred or non-preferred
rights.

Apportionment of dividends

26.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to Shares, all dividends shall be declared and paid
according to the amounts paid up on the Shares on which the dividend is paid. All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately
to the amount paid up on the Shares during the time or part of the time in respect of which the dividend is paid. If a Share is issued
on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for dividend accordingly.

Right of set off

26.6 The directors may deduct from a dividend or any other amount payable to a person in respect of a Share
any amount due by that person to the Company on a call or otherwise in relation to a Share.

Power to pay other than in cash

26.7 If the directors so determine, any resolution declaring a dividend may direct that it shall be satisfied
wholly or partly by the distribution of assets. If a difficulty arises in relation to the distribution, the directors may settle that
difficulty in any way they consider appropriate. For example, they may do any one or more of the following:

(a) issue fractional Shares;

(b) fix the value of assets for distribution and make cash payments to some Members on the footing of the
value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of Members; and

(c) vest some assets in trustees.

How payments may be made

26.8 A dividend or other monies payable on or in respect of a Share may be paid in any of the following ways:

(a) if the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to that Share nominates a bank account for that
purpose - by wire transfer to that bank account; or

(b) by cheque or warrant sent by post to the registered address of the Member holding that Share or other
person entitled to that Share.

26.9 For the purpose of paragraph (a) of the preceding Article, the nomination may be in writing or in
an Electronic Record and the bank account nominated may be the bank account of another person. For the purpose of paragraph (b) of
the preceding Article, subject to any Applicable Law or regulation, the cheque or warrant shall be made to the order of the Member holding
that Share or other person entitled to the Share or to his nominee, whether nominated in writing or in an Electronic Record, and payment
of the cheque or warrant shall be a good discharge to the Company.

26.10 If two or more persons are registered as the holders of the Share or are jointly entitled to it by reason
of the death or bankruptcy of the registered holder (Joint Holders), a dividend (or other amount) payable on or in respect of that Share
may be paid as follows:

(a) to the registered address of the Joint Holder of the Share who is named first on the Register of Members
or to the registered address of the deceased or bankrupt holder, as the case may be; or

37

(b) to the address or bank account of another person nominated by the Joint Holders, whether that nomination
is in writing or in an Electronic Record.

26.11 Any Joint Holder of a Share may give a valid receipt for a dividend (or other amount) payable in respect
of that Share.

Dividends or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special
rights

26.12 Unless provided for by the rights attached to a Share, no dividend or other monies payable by the Company
in respect of a Share shall bear interest.

Dividends unable to be paid or unclaimed

26.13 If a dividend cannot be paid to a Member or remains unclaimed within six weeks after it was declared or
both, the directors may pay it into a separate account in the Companys name. If a dividend is paid into a separate account, the
Company shall not be constituted trustee in respect of that account and the dividend shall remain a debt due to the Member.

26.14 A dividend that remains unclaimed for a period of six years after it became due for payment shall be forfeited
to, and shall cease to remain owing by, the Company.

27. Capitalisation of profits

Capitalisation of profits or of any share premium account or capital
redemption reserve

27.1 The directors may resolve to capitalise:

(a) any part of the Companys profits not required for paying any preferential dividend (whether or
not those profits are available for distribution); or

(b) any sum standing to the credit of the Companys share premium account or capital redemption reserve,
if any.

The amount resolved to be capitalised
must be appropriated to the Members who would have been entitled to it had it been distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions.
The benefit to each Member so entitled must be given in either or both of the following ways:

(a) by paying up the amounts unpaid on that Members Shares;

(b) by issuing Fully Paid Shares, debentures or other securities of the Company to that Member or as that
Member directs. The directors may resolve that any Shares issued to the Member in respect of partly paid Shares (Original Shares) rank
for dividend only to the extent that the Original Shares rank for dividend while those Original Shares remain partly paid.

Applying an amount for the benefit of members

27.2 The amount capitalised must be applied to the benefit of Members in the proportions to which the Members
would have been entitled to dividends if the amount capitalised had been distributed as a dividend.

27.3 Subject to the Act, if a fraction of a Share, a debenture, or other security is allocated to a Member,
the directors may issue a fractional certificate to that Member or pay him the cash equivalent of the fraction.

38

28. Share premium account

Directors to maintain share premium account

28.1 The directors shall establish a share premium account in accordance with the Act. They shall carry to
the credit of that account from time to time an amount equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any Share or capital
contributed or such other amounts required by the Act.

Debits to share premium account

28.2 The following amounts shall be debited to any share premium account:

(a) on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the difference between the nominal value of that Share and the
redemption or purchase price; and

(b) any other amount paid out of a share premium account as permitted by the Act.

28.3 Notwithstanding the preceding Article, on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the directors may pay
the difference between the nominal value of that Share and the redemption purchase price out of the profits of the Company or, as permitted
by the Act, out of capital.

29. Seal

Company seal

29.1 The Company may have a seal if the directors so determine.

Duplicate seal

29.2 Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company may also have a duplicate seal or seals for use in any
place or places outside the Cayman Islands. Each duplicate seal shall be a facsimile of the original seal of the Company. However, if
the directors so determine, a duplicate seal shall have added on its face the name of the place where it is to be used.

When and how seal is to be used

29.3 A seal may only be used by the authority of the directors. Unless the directors otherwise determine, a
document to which a seal is affixed must be signed in one of the following ways:

(a) by a director (or his alternate) and the Secretary; or

(b) by a single director (or his alternate).

If no seal is adopted or used

29.4 If the directors do not adopt a seal, or a seal is not used, a document may be executed in the following
manner:

(a) by a director (or his alternate) or any Officer to which authority has been delegated by resolution duly
adopted by the directors; or

(b) by a single director (or his alternate); or

(c) in any other manner permitted by the Act.

39

Power to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of
seal

29.5 The directors may determine that either or both of the following applies:

(a) that the seal or a duplicate seal need not be affixed manually but may be affixed by some other method
or system of reproduction;

(b) that a signature required by these Articles need not be manual but may be a mechanical or Electronic Signature.

Validity of execution

29.6 If a document is duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company, it shall not be regarded
as invalid merely because, at the date of the delivery, the Secretary, or the director, or other Officer or person who signed the document
or affixed the seal for and on behalf of the Company ceased to be the Secretary or hold that office and authority on behalf of the Company.

30. Indemnity

Indemnity

30.1 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company shall indemnify each existing or former Secretary,
director (including alternate director), and other Officer of the Company (including an investment adviser or an administrator or liquidator)
and their personal representatives against:

(a) all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained
by the existing or former Secretary, director or Officer in or about the conduct of the Companys business or affairs or in the
execution or discharge of the existing or former Secretarys, directors or Officers duties, powers, authorities or
discretions; and

(b) without limitation to paragraph (a), all costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by the existing
or former Secretary, director or Officer in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
proceedings (whether threatened, pending or completed) concerning the Company or its affairs in any court or tribunal, whether in the
Cayman Islands or elsewhere.

Such indemnity only applies if the directors
are of the view that, in the absence of fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect, such existing or former Secretary, director or Officer
acted honestly and in good faith with a view to what the person believes is in the best interests of the Company and, in the case of criminal
proceedings, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful. No such existing or former Secretary, director
or Officer, however, shall be indemnified in respect of any matter arising out of his own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect.

30.2 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may make a payment, or agree to make a payment,
whether by way of advance, loan or otherwise, for any legal costs incurred by an existing or former Secretary, director or Officer of
the Company in respect of any matter identified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the preceding Article on condition that
the Secretary, director or Officer must repay the amount paid by the Company to the extent that it is ultimately found not liable to indemnify
the Secretary, director or that Officer for those legal costs.

Release

30.3 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may by Special Resolution release any existing
or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or other Officer of the Company from liability for any loss or damage or
right to compensation which may arise out of or in connection with the execution or discharge of the duties, powers, authorities or discretions
of his office; but there may be no release from liability arising out of or in connection with that persons own actual fraud, wilful
default or wilful neglect.

40

Insurance

30.4 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may pay, or agree to pay, a premium in respect
of a contract insuring each of the following persons against risks determined by the directors, other than liability arising out of that
persons own dishonesty:

(a) an existing or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer or auditor of:

(i) the Company;

(ii) a company which is or was a subsidiary of the Company;

(iii) a company in which the Company has or had an interest (whether direct or indirect); and

(b) a trustee of an employee or retirement benefits scheme or other trust in which any of the persons referred
to in paragraph (a) is or was interested.

31. Notices

Form of notices

31.1 Save where these Articles provide otherwise, any notice to be given to or by any person pursuant to these
Articles shall be:

(a) in writing signed by or on behalf of the giver in the manner set out below for written notices; or

(b) subject to the next Article, in an Electronic Record signed by or on behalf of the giver by Electronic
Signature and authenticated in accordance with Articles about authentication of Electronic Records; or

(c) where these Articles expressly permit, by the Company by means of a website.

Electronic communications

31.2 Without limitation to Articles 17.1 to 17.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment and removal
by directors of alternate directors) and to Articles 19.9 to 19.11 inclusive (relating to the appointment by directors of proxies),
a notice may only be given to the Company in an Electronic Record if:

(a) the directors so resolve;

(b) the resolution states how an Electronic Record may be given and, if applicable, specifies an email address
for the Company; and

(c) the terms of that resolution are notified to the Members for the time being and, if applicable, to those
directors who were absent from the meeting at which the resolution was passed.

If the resolution is revoked or varied,
the revocation or variation shall only become effective when its terms have been similarly notified.

31.3 A notice may not be given by Electronic Record to a person other than the Company unless the recipient
has notified the giver of an Electronic address to which notice may be sent.

Persons authorised to give notices

31.4 A notice by either the Company or a Member pursuant to these Articles may be given on behalf of the Company
or a Member by a director or company secretary of the Company or a Member.

41

Delivery of written notices

31.5 Save where these Articles provide otherwise, a notice in writing may be given personally to the recipient,
or left at (as appropriate) the Members or directors registered address or the Companys registered office, or posted
to that registered address or registered office.

Joint holders

31.6 Where Members are joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given to the Member whose name first
appears in the Register of Members.

Signatures

31.7 A written notice shall be signed when it is autographed by or on behalf of the giver, or is marked in
such a way as to indicate its execution or adoption by the giver.

31.8 An Electronic Record may be signed by an Electronic Signature.

Evidence of transmission

31.9 A notice given by Electronic Record shall be deemed sent if an Electronic Record is kept demonstrating
the time, date and content of the transmission, and if no notification of failure to transmit is received by the giver.

31.10 A notice given in writing shall be deemed sent if the giver can provide proof that the envelope containing
the notice was properly addressed, pre-paid and posted, or that the written notice was otherwise properly transmitted to the recipient.

Giving notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member

31.11 A notice may be given by the Company to the persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or
bankruptcy of a Member by sending or delivering it, in any manner authorised by these Articles for the giving of notice to a Member, addressed
to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt or by any like description, at the address,
if any, supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled.

31.12 Until such an address has been supplied, a notice may be given in any manner in which it might have been
given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

Date of giving notices

31.13 A notice is given on the date identified in the following table.

Method for giving notices When taken to be given

Personally At the time and date of delivery

By leaving it at the members registered address At the time and date it was left

If the recipient has an address within the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid post to the street or postal address of that recipient 48 hours after it was posted

If the recipient has an address outside the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid airmail to the street or postal address of that recipient 3 Clear Days after posting

By Electronic Record (other than publication on a website), to recipients Electronic address Within 24 hours after it was sent

By publication on a website See these Articles about the time when notice of a meeting of Members or accounts and reports, as the case may be, are published on a website

42

Saving provision

31.14 None of the preceding notice provisions shall derogate from these Articles about the delivery of written
resolutions of directors and written resolutions of Members.

32. Authentication
of Electronic Records

Application of Articles

32.1 Without limitation to any other provision of these Articles, any notice, written resolution or other document
under these Articles that is sent by Electronic means by a Member, or by the Secretary, or by a director or other Officer of the Company,
shall be deemed to be authentic if either Article 32.2 or Article 32.4 applies.

Authentication of documents sent by Members by Electronic means

32.2 An Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by Electronic means by or
on behalf of one or more Members shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the Member or each Member, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for this purpose Original
Document includes several documents in like form signed by one or more of those Members; and

(b) the Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction of,
that Member to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent; and

(c) Article 32.7 does not apply.

32.3 For example, where a sole Member signs a resolution and sends the Electronic Record of the original resolution,
or causes it to be sent, by facsimile transmission to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the facsimile copy shall
be deemed to be the written resolution of that Member unless Article 32.7 applies.

Authentication of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of
the Company by Electronic means

32.4 An Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by or on behalf of the Secretary
or an Officer or Officers of the Company shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) the Secretary or the Officer or each Officer, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for
this purpose Original Document includes several documents in like form signed by the Secretary or one or more of those Officers; and

(b) the Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction of,
the Secretary or that Officer to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent; and

(c) Article 32.7 does not apply.

This Article applies whether the document
is sent by or on behalf of the Secretary or Officer in his own right or as a representative of the Company.

43

32.5 For example, where a sole director signs a resolution and scans the resolution, or causes it to be scanned,
as a PDF version which is attached to an email sent to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the PDF version shall
be deemed to be the written resolution of that director unless Article 32.7 applies.

Manner of signing

32.6 For the purposes of these Articles about the authentication of Electronic Records, a document will be
taken to be signed if it is signed manually or in any other manner permitted by these Articles.

Saving provision

32.7 A notice, written resolution or other document under these Articles will not be deemed to be authentic
if the recipient, acting reasonably:

(a) believes that the signature of the signatory has been altered after the signatory had signed the original
document; or

(b) believes that the original document, or the Electronic Record of it, was altered, without the approval
of the signatory, after the signatory signed the original document; or

(c) otherwise doubts the authenticity of the Electronic Record of the document

and the recipient promptly gives notice
to the sender setting the grounds of its objection. If the recipient invokes this Article, the sender may seek to establish the authenticity
of the Electronic Record in any way the sender thinks fit.

33. Transfer by way of continuation

33.1 The Company may, by Special Resolution, resolve to be registered by way of continuation in a jurisdiction
outside:

(a) the Cayman Islands; or

(b) such other jurisdiction in which it is, for the time being, incorporated, registered or existing.

33.2 To give effect to any resolution made pursuant to the preceding Article, the directors may cause the following:

(a) an application be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in the Cayman Islands or
in the other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing; and

(b) all such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way of continuation
of the Company.

34. Winding up

Distribution of assets in specie

34.1 If the Company is wound up, the Members may, subject to these Articles and any other sanction required
by the Act, pass a Special Resolution allowing the liquidator to do either or both of the following:

(a) to divide in specie among the Members the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and, for that
purpose, to value any assets and to determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes of Members;

(b) to vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees for the benefit of Members and those liable to
contribute to the winding up.

44

No obligation to accept liability

34.2 No Member shall be compelled to accept any assets if an obligation attaches to them.

The directors are authorised to present a winding
up petition

34.3 The directors have the authority to present a petition for the winding up of the Company to the Grand
Court of the Cayman Islands on behalf of the Company without the sanction of a resolution passed at a general meeting.

35. Amendment of Memorandum and Articles

Power to change name or amend Memorandum

35.1 Subject to the Act, the Company may, by Special Resolution:

(a) change its name; or

(b) change the provisions of its Memorandum with respect to its objects, powers or any other matter specified
in the Memorandum.

Power to amend these Articles

35.2 Subject to the Act and as provided in these Articles, the Company may, by Special Resolution, amend these
Articles in whole or in part.

36. Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall have the power to
merge or consolidate with one or more constituent companies (as defined in the Act) upon such terms as the directors may determine and
(to the extent required by the Act) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

37. Business Combination

37.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles, this Article 37 shall apply during the period
commencing upon the adoption of these Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation of any Business Combination
and the distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to Article 37.10. In the event of a conflict between this Article 37 and
any other Articles, the provisions of this Article 37 shall prevail.

37.2 Prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer (a Tender
Offer) for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account (net of taxes payable and up to US$100,000 of interest released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses), if any, divided by
the number of Public Shares then in issue, provided that the Company shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount that would cause
the Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of such Business Combination.

45

37.3 If the Company initiates any Tender Offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of
the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file Tender Offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and the
redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act.

37.4 If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the
Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and
not pursuant to the Tender Offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC.

37.5 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to this Article,
in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business
Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible assets of at
least US$5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may
be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination.

37.6 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not a Founder, Officer or director may, contemporaneously with
any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash (the IPO Redemption), provided that no
such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership, syndicate,
or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more
than 15% of the Public Shares without the Companys prior consent, and provided further that any holder that holds Public Shares
beneficially through a nominee must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem
such Public Shares. In connection with any vote held to approve a proposed Business Combination, holders of Public Shares seeking to exercise
their redemption rights will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to the Companys transfer agent or to deliver
their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Companys DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System,
at the holders option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve a
Business Combination. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against
such proposed Business Combination or abstains from voting, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, including
interest earned on the Trust Account not previously released to the Company to pay its income and other taxes, if any, divided by the
number of Public Shares then in issue (such redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption Price), provided that the
Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001.

37.7 The Company has until 12 months from the effective date of the Registration Statement in connection
with the IPO to consummate a Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 12 months
from the effective date of the Registration Statement in connection with the IPO or such later time as the Members of the Company may
approve in accordance with these Articles, the Company shall:

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay income and other taxes, if any (less taxes payable
and less up to US$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the Public Shares then in issue, which redemption
will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and

46

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys
remaining Members and the directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject in each case, to its obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of Applicable Law.

37.8 In the event that any amendment is made to these Articles:

(a) that would modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to provide holders of Public
Shares the right to:

(i) have their shares redeemed or repurchased in connection with a Business Combination pursuant to Articles 37.2(b)
or 37.6; or

(ii) redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within
12 months after the effective date of the Registration Statement in connection with the IPO, or such later time as the Members may
approve in accordance with the Articles; or

(b) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Public Shares,

each holder of Public Shares who is
not a Founder, Officer or director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval of any such
amendment (an Amendment Redemption) at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes,
if any, divided by the number of Public Shares then in issue, provided that the Company shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause
the Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001 following such redemptions. In connection with any vote held to approve
a proposed amendment to these Articles under this Article 37.9, holders of Public Shares seeking to exercise their Amendment Redemption
rights will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to the Companys transfer agent or to deliver their shares
to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Companys DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the
holders option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve a proposed
amendment to these Articles under this Article 37.9.

37.9 After the issue of Public Shares (including pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option), and prior to the consummation
of a Business Combination, the directors shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof
to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote as a class with the Public Shares:

(i) on a Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to Members prior to or in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination; or

(ii) to approve an amendment to these Articles to:

(A) extend the time the Company has to consummate a Business Combination beyond 12 months from the effective
date of the Registration Statement in connection with the IPO; or

(B) amend the foregoing provisions of these Articles.

47

37.10 The Company must complete one or more Business Combinations, which must be with one or more operating
businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding
any taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). An initial Business Combination must not be effectuated solely with another
blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

37.11 The uninterested Independent Directors shall approve any transaction or transactions between the Company
and any of the following parties:

(a) any Member owning an interest in the voting power of the Company that gives such Member a significant
influence over the Company; and

(b) any director or Officer of the Company and any Affiliate or relative of such director or Officer.

37.12 A director may vote in respect of any Business Combination in which such director has a conflict of interest
with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such director must disclose such interest or conflict to the other directors.

37.13 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor,
a Founder, the directors of the Company or Officers. In the event the Company seeks to complete the Business Combination with a target
that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, Officers or directors, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type
of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such a Business Combination or transaction is fair to the
Company from a financial point of view.

37.14 Any Business Combination must be approved by a majority of the Independent Directors.

38. Certain Tax Filings

38.1 Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any director shall designate
from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are
customary to file with any US state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation,
activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any director of the Company
or an Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person
prior to the date of these Articles.

39. Business Opportunities

39.1 In recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) directors, managers, officers, members, partners,
managing members, employees and/or agents of one or more members of the Investor Group (each of the foregoing, an Investor Group
Related Person) may serve as directors of the Company and/or Officers; and (b) the Investor Group engages, and may continue
to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage
and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage, the
provisions under this heading Business Opportunities are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs
of the Company as they may involve the Members and the Investor Group Related Persons, and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities
of the Company and its Officers, directors and Members in connection therewith.

48

39.2 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the directors and officers of the Company shall have
no duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, and subject to his or her
fiduciary duties under Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity
to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity offered to any director and officer of the
Company, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such director or officer of the
Company solely in their capacity as an Officer or director of the Company and the opportunity is one the Company is permitted to complete
on a reasonable basis.

39.3 Except as provided elsewhere in these Articles, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for both the Company and the Investor Group, about which a director of the Company and/or Officer who is also an Investor
Group Related Person acquires knowledge.

39.4 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity that
is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future and that have been conducted in
the past.

40. Exclusive Jurisdiction and Forum

40.1 Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman
Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles
or otherwise related in any way to each Member's shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or former director,
Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Act, the Memorandum or the Articles;
or

(d) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine
(as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

40.2 Each Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over
all such claims or disputes.

40.3 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum
and that accordingly the Company shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

40.4 This Article 40 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created
by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination
of such a claim.

49
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex4-1_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CST, AS RIGHTS AGENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Rights Agreement (this Agreement)
is made as of January 22, 2025 between Columbus Acquisition Corp, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited
liability (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York limited liability trust company,
with offices at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004, as rights agent (the Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company has received a firm commitment
from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as the representative of the several underwriters (the Representative), to purchase
up to an aggregate of 6,900,000 units (including up to 900,000 units if the over-allotment option is exercised in full or in part), each
unit (Unit) comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Share),
and one right to receive one-seventh of one Ordinary Share (the Public Rights) upon the happening of the triggering event
described herein, and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 6,900,000 Public Rights upon consummation
of such public offering, 900,000 of which are attributable to the over-allotment option (Public Offering);

WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-283278 (Registration Statement),
for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Act) of, among other securities, the Public Rights and
the Ordinary Shares issuable to the holders of the Public Rights;

WHEREAS, on January 22, 2025, the Company entered
into a certain Unit Subscription Agreement with Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands exempted company (the Sponsor),
pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 234,290 units (or 247,790 units if the over-allotment option is exercised
in full by the Representative) (the Private Units) simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering at a purchase
price of $10.00 per Private Unit and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 234,290 Rights (or 247,790
Rights if the over-allotment option is exercised in full by the Representative) (Private Rights);

WHEREAS, in order to finance the Companys
transaction costs in connection with its operation or an intended initial Business Combination (as defined in the Companys Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association effective at the time and as amended (the Memorandum and Articles),
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors or their designees, may, but are not
obligated to, loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $3,000,000 may be converted into units at a price of
$10.00 per unit, and in connection therewith, the Company will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 300,000 rights (the Working
Capital Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company may issue additional rights
that are governed by this Agreement (Post-IPO Rights and together with the Private Rights, the Working Capital Rights and
the Public Rights, collectively, the Rights) in connection with, or following the consummation by the Company of, a Business
Combination;

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Rights Agent
to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer and
exchange of the Rights;

1

WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the
form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities
of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and
performed which are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf of the Rights
Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual
agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby
appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees
to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Rights.

2.1. Form of Right.
Each Right shall be issued in registered or book entry form as requested by the Company or the holder of a Right. Any Rights issued in
registered form shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall
be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and shall bear
a facsimile of the Companys seal. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Right Certificate
shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Right Certificate before such Right Certificate is issued,
it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance.

2.2. Effect of Countersignature.
Unless and until countersigned by the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Right Certificate shall be invalid and of no effect and
may not be exchanged for Ordinary Shares.

2.3. Registration.

2.3.1. Right
Register. The Rights Agent shall maintain books (Right Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration
of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the Rights in the names
of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Rights Agent by
the Company.

2.3.2. Registered
Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Right, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the
person in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (Registered Holder) as the absolute owner of
such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the Right Certificate
made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither
the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2

2.4. Detachability of Rights.
The securities comprising the Units, including the Rights, will not be separately transferable until the fifty-second (52nd) day after
the effective date of the Registration Statement in connection with the Public Offering unless the Representative informs the Company
of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, but in no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin
until (i) the Company files a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company
of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option,
if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date hereof, and (ii) the Company issues a press release and files a Current Report on
Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin.

3. Terms and Exchange of Rights.

3.1. Rights. Each Right shall
entitle the holder thereof to receive one-seventh of one Ordinary Share upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event (described below). Subject
to Section 3.3.1 below with respect to the Registered Holders of Rights, in the event that the Company is not the surviving entity immediately
following the Exchange Event, holders of Rights shall be entitled to automatically receive the kind and amount of securities or properties
of the surviving entity as the holders of each one-seventh of one Ordinary Share is entitled to receive in the Exchange Event. No additional
consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its Ordinary Share upon the Exchange Event as the
purchase price for such numbers of Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units. In no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the Rights or issue fractional share.

3.2. Exchange Event. The Exchange
Event shall be the Companys consummation of an initial Business Combination.

3.3. Exchange of Rights.

3.3.1. Issuance
of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, the Company shall direct Registered Holders of the Rights
to return their Rights Certificates to the Rights Agent subject to dissenter rights as provided in the applicable law if any in the event
that the Company is not the surviving entity in a Business Combination. Upon receipt of a valid Rights Certificate, the Company shall
issue to the registered holder of such Right(s) a certificate or certificates for the number of whole Ordinary Shares to which he, she
or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights. The Company shall
not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of the Exchange Event, the Company will instruct the Rights Agent to
round down to the nearest whole Ordinary Share or otherwise inform it how fractional shares will be addressed in accordance with Cayman
Islands laws and the Memorandum and Articles as the same may be amended from time to time.

3.3.2. Valid Issuance. All Ordinary
Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement and the Memorandum and Articles shall be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable.

3

3.3.3. Date of Issuance.
Each person in whose name any such certificate for Ordinary Shares is issued and the register of members of the Company updated shall
for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date
of delivery of such certificate.

3.3.4. Company Not
Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not continuing as a publicly held reporting entity, the
definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Rights to receive the same per share consideration as the holders of the Ordinary
Shares will receive in the Exchange Event, for the number of shares such holder is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.3.1 above.

3.4. Duration of Rights. If
the Exchange Event does not occur within 12 months from the effective date of the Registration Statement, and such Business Combination
has not yet been consummated within the applicable time period, the Rights shall expire and shall be worthless.

4. Transfer and Exchange of Rights.

4.1. Registration of Transfer.
The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register, upon surrender of such
Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon
any such transfer, a new Right Certificate representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the old Right Certificate
shall be cancelled by the Rights Agent. The Rights Certificate so cancelled shall be delivered by the Rights Agent to the Company from
time to time upon request.

4.2. Procedure for Surrender
of Rights Certificate. Rights Certificate may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer,
and thereupon the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights Certificates as requested by the Registered Holder
of the Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right Certificate
surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such Right Certificate and issue new Rights Certificate
in exchange therefor until the Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be
made and indicating whether the new Rights Certificate must also bear a restrictive legend.

4.3. Fractional Rights. The
Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance of a Right Certificate
for a fraction of a Right.

4.4. Service Charges. No service charge
shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

4.5. Adjustments to Conversion
Ratios. The number of Ordinary Shares that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence of an Exchange
Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share subdivision, share dividend, reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, consolidation, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to Ordinary Shares occurring on or after the date
hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

4.6. Right Certificate Execution
and Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the Rights Certificate required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required by the Rights
Agent, will supply the Rights Agent with Rights Certificate duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

4

5. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders
of Rights.

5.1. No Rights as Shareholder.
Until exchange of a Right for Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of
the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise
any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election
of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated,
or Destroyed Rights Certificate. If any Right Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights Agent may
on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Right Certificate,
include the surrender thereof), issue a new Right Certificate of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right Certificate so lost,
stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Right Certificate shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether
or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Right Certificate shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3. Reservation of Ordinary
Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares that will be
sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6. Concerning the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1. Payment of Taxes. The
Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Rights Agent in respect
of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer
taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

6.2. Resignation, Consolidation, or
Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1. Appointment
of Successor Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from
all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the
Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Rights
Agent in place of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified
in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his,
her or its Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York
for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Rights Agent, whether
appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York,
in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws
to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor
Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Rights Agent
with like effect as if originally named as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary
or appropriate, the predecessor Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such
successor Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor
Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually
vesting in and confirming to such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

5

6.2.2. Notice of
Successor Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor
Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3. Merger or
Consolidation of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation
resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights Agent under this Agreement
without any further act.

6.3. Fees and Expenses of Rights Agent.

6.3.1. Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder and will reimburse
the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2. Further Assurances.
The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such
further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing
of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. Liability of Rights Agent.

6.4.1. Reliance
on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable
that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by
a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent may rely
upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2. Indemnity.
The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section 6.6,
the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and
reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the
Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith.

6.4.3. Exclusions.
The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution
of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition
contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to
the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as to whether any Ordinary
Shares will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6

6.5. Acceptance of Agency.
The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions
herein set forth.

6.6. Waiver. The Rights Agent
hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or to any distribution
of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the
Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement,
payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

7. Miscellaneous Provisions.

7.1. Successors. All the covenants
and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their
respective successors and assigns.

7.2. Notices. Any notice,
statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right to or on the Company
shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service
within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with
the Rights Agent), as follows:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Attn: Fen Eric Zhang

and

Robinson & Cole LLP

Chrysler East Building

666 Third Avenue, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Arila E. Zhou, Esq.

Email: azhou@rc.com

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Compliance Department

7.3. Applicable Law. The validity,
interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.
The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision will not apply to suits
brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any other claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may
be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at
the address set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company
in any action, proceeding or claim.

7

7.4. Persons Having Rights
under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions hereof is intended,
or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders
of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, the Representative, any right, remedy, or claim under or
by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. the Representative shall be deemed
to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations,
promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and the Representative
with respect to Sections 3.1, 3.2, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Rights.

7.5. Examination of this Agreement.
A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights Agent in the State of New York, for inspection
by the Registered Holder of any Right. The Rights Agent may require any such holder to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by
it.

7.6. Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to
be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7.7. Effect of Headings. The
Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

7.8. Amendments. This Agreement
may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any registered holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing,
correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters
or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely
affect the interest of the Registered Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent or vote of the
Registered Holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.8 may not be modified, amended or deleted
without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.9. Severability. This Agreement
shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision,
the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable
provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly
executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Fen Zhang 

Name: Fen Zhang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Henry Farrell

Name: Henry Farrell

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Rights Agreement- Columbus
Acquisition Corp]

9

EXHIBIT A

Form of Right
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex10-1_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

PRIVATE UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND THE SPONSOR

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

January 22, 2025

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Columbus Acquisition Corp
(the Company), a blank check company formed for the purpose of acquiring one or more businesses or entities (a Business
Combination), intends to register its securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act),
in connection with its initial public offering (IPO), pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.
333-283278) (Registration Statement).

The undersigned hereby commits
that it will purchase 234,290 units (or up to 247,790 units if the overallotment option is exercised in full by A.G.P./Alliance Global
Partners, the representative of underwriters of the IPO) of the Company (Private Units), each Private Unit consisting
of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Share), and one right to receive
one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share (each a Right), at $10.00 per Private Unit, for a purchase price of $2,342,900
(or up to $2,477,900 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full by A.G.P./Alliance Global Partner) (the Private Unit
Purchase Price).

At least twenty-four (24)
hours prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement, the undersigned will cause the Private Unit Purchase Price to be delivered
to the Company by wire transfer as set forth in the instructions attached as Exhibit A to hold in a non-interest bearing account
until the Company consummates the IPO.

The consummation of the purchase
and issuance of the Private Units shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO. Simultaneously with the consummation of
the IPO, the Company shall deposit the Private Unit Purchase Price, without interest or deduction, into the trust fund (Trust
Fund) established by the Company for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders as described in the Registration
Statement. If the Company does not complete the IPO within ten (10) days from the date of this letter, the Private Unit Purchase Price
(without interest or deduction) will be returned to the undersigned.

The Private Units will be
identical to the units to be sold by the Company in the IPO. Additionally, the undersigned agrees:

to vote the Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units in favor of any proposed Business Combination;

not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would stop the Companys public shareholders from converting or selling their Ordinary Shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Companys Ordinary Shares sold in the IPO if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within the prescribed period as provided under the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Prescribed Period), unless the Company provides the holders of Ordinary Shares sold in the IPO with the opportunity to redeem their Ordinary Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount of the Trust Fund, including interest earned on Trust Fund and not previously released to the Company to pay the Companys franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Ordinary Shares sold in the IPO;

not to convert any Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units into the right to receive cash from the Trust Fund (i)Hercules Capital Management in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company does not complete the Companys initial Business Combination within the Prescribed Period, and (iii) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Prescribed Period or if the Company liquidates prior to the expiration of the within the Prescribed Period. However, the undersigned will participate in liquidation distribution with respect to any units or Ordinary Shares purchased by the undersigned in the IPO or in the open market; and

the Private Units will include any additional terms or restrictions as is customary in other similarly structured blank check company offerings or as may be reasonably required by the underwriters in the IPO in order to consummate the IPO, each of which will be set forth in the Registration Statement.

Further, the undersigned agrees
that its Private Units, and any underlying securities are not transferable or salable until the completion of the Companys initial
Business Combination, except for transfer (i) among the insiders or to the insiders members, officers, directors, consultants or
their affiliates, (ii) to a holders shareholders or members upon the holders liquidation, in each case if the holder is
an entity, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holders immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder
or a member of the holders immediate family, in each case for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and
distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection
with the consummation of a Business Combination, (vii) in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater
than the price at which the securities were originally purchased, (viii) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to its
consummation of an initial Business Combination or (ix) in the event that, subsequent to the consummation of an initial Business Combination,
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, in each case (except for clauses
(vi), (viii) or (ix) or with the Companys prior written consent) on the condition that prior to such registration for transfer,
the security agent shall be presented with written documentation pursuant to which each transferee or the trustee or legal guardian for
such permitted transferee agrees to be bound by the transfer restrictions contained in any applicable agreement the transferor is bound
by.

The undersigned acknowledges
and agrees that the purchaser of the Private Units will execute agreements in form and substance typical for transactions of this nature
necessary to effectuate the foregoing agreements and obligations prior to the consummation of the IPO as are reasonably acceptable to
the undersigned, including but not limited to an insider letter.

2

The undersigned hereby represents and
warrants that:

(a) it has been advised that the Private Units have not been registered under the Securities Act;

(b) it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and it has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act;

(c) it will be acquiring the Private Units for its account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof;

(d) it did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act;

(e) it has no present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of the Private Units in violation of the securities laws of the United States;

(f) it has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the officers and directors of the Company and all persons acting on its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder and has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the securities which have been requested by the undersigned. The undersigned understands that its investment in the securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the securities;

(g) The undersigned has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with investments in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The undersigned has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the securities. The undersigned can afford a complete loss of its investment in the securities;

(h) it is familiar with the proposed business, management, financial condition and affairs of the Company;

(i) it has full power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this letter and any documents contemplated herein or needed to consummate the transactions contemplated in this letter;

(j) this letter constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, and is enforceable against it;

3

(k) The undersigned hereby acknowledges that it is aware that the Company will establish the Trust Fund for the benefit of its public stockholders upon the closing of the IPO. The undersigned hereby agrees that it has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Fund, or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company, except for redemption and liquidation rights, if any, the undersigned may have in respect of any Ordinary Shares held by it, and any securities of the Company acquired by undersigned other than as a result of this Agreement. The undersigned hereby agrees that it shall have no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Fund, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Fund that it may have now or in the future, except for redemption and liquidation rights, if any, the undersigned may have in respect of any Ordinary Shares held by it, and any securities of the Company acquired by undersigned other than as a result of this Agreement. In the event the undersigned has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, the undersigned shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Fund and not against the property or any monies in the Trust Fund, except for redemption and liquidation rights, if any, the undersigned may have in respect of any Ordinary Shares held by it; and

(l) The undersigned hereby agrees that neither it, nor any person or entity acting on its behalf, will engage in any Short Sales with respect to securities of the Company prior to the closing of the Business Combination. For purposes of this Agreement, Short Sales shall include, without limitation, all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges (other than pledges in the ordinary course of business as part of prime brokerage arrangements), forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, swaps and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis).

The Company represents and
warrants that neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders
of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the undersigned and the Company with respect to the purchase of the Private Units, and supersedes all prior
and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the same.

This Agreement, the entire
relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity)
shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to its choice of laws principles. The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) submit to the jurisdiction of the state courts
of New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for the purpose of any suit, action or other proceeding
arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (ii) agree not to commence any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon
this Agreement except in state courts of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (iii)
waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it
is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution,
that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper
or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT
TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LITIGATION PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

All of the terms, agreements,
covenants, representations, warranties, and conditions of this Agreement are binding upon, and inure to the benefit of and are enforceable
by, the parties hereto and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any
party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under
or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no party
hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of
the other party.

[signature page follows]

4

Very truly yours,

Hercules Capital Management VII Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Director

Accepted and Agreed: 

Columbus Acquisition Corp 

By: /s/ Fen Zhang 

Name: Fen Zhang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[signature page to private units subscription
agreement Columbus Acquisition Corp]

5

Exhibit A

Wire Instructions

Bank Name:

Bank Address:

Account Name:

Account Number:

Routing/ABA Number (Domestic Wires):

Swift Code (Foreign Wire):

Note:

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex10-2_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES TRANSFER AGREEMENT, DATED NOVEMBER 8, 2024, AS AMENDED ON DECEMBER 20, 2024, AMONG THE COMPANY, THE SPONSOR, AND CERTAIN DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

SECURITIES
TRANSFER AGREEMENT

This
Securities Transfer Agreement is dated as of November 8, 2024 (this Transfer), by and among Hercules Capital Management
VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands company (the Seller), Columbus Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company
(the Company), and the parties identified on the signature page hereto (each a Buyer and collectively,
the Buyers).

WHEREAS,
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Transfer, the Seller wishes to transfer to the Buyers ordinary shares, $0.0001
par value (Ordinary Shares) of the Company, a blank check company, or special purpose acquisition company, formed
for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities , and the Buyers wish to purchase and receive such Initial Shares (as defined
below) from the Seller.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, representations, warranties and the mutual covenants contained in this Transfer, and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending
to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Section 1.
Transfer of Initial Shares. Seller hereby agrees to transfer immediately following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
(as defined in Section 4) the aggregated number of 36,000 Ordinary Shares to the Buyers (collectively, the Initial Shares)
as listed on the Schedule I attached hereto. The Buyers have agreed to pay the Seller an aggregate amount of approximately $544.41,
(the Purchase Price), in consideration of the transfer of the Initial Shares.

Section 2.
Potential Forfeiture and Purchase of Initial Shares.

(a)
In the event that the Company determines for any reason not to nominate, elect or appoint any Buyer as a member of the board of directors
of the Company, or if any Buyer otherwise does not become a member of the board of directors of the Company for any reason, on or prior
to the closing of the Public Offering (as defined below), such Buyer shall automatically forfeit all of the Initial Shares held by such
Buyer, which Initial Shares shall automatically be transferred and returned to the Seller, and the Seller shall promptly return the applicable
portion of the Purchase Price to such Buyer.

(b)
The applicable Buyer shall take all actions as may be reasonably necessary to consummate any forfeiture or sale contemplated by this
Section 2, including entering into agreements and delivering certificates and instruments and consents as may be deemed by Seller to
be necessary or appropriate, and the applicable Buyer hereby grants to Seller and any representative designated by Seller without further
action by such Buyer a limited irrevocable power of attorney to effect any forfeiture or transfer contemplated hereby on behalf of such
Buyer, which power of attorney shall be deemed to be coupled with an interest.

Section 3.
No Conflicts. Each party represents and warrants that neither the execution and delivery of this Transfer by such party, nor the
consummation or performance by such party of any of the transactions contemplated hereby, will with or without notice or lapse of time,
constitute, create or result in a breach or violation of, default under, loss of benefit or right under or acceleration of performance
of any obligation required under any agreement to which it is a party.

Section 4.
Investment Representations. Each Buyer represents and warrants, with respect to himself or herself only, as set forth herein.
Such Buyer hereby acknowledges that an investment in the Initial Shares involves certain significant risks. Such Buyer has no need for
liquidity in its investment in the Initial Shares for the foreseeable future and is able to bear the risk of that investment for an indefinite
period. Such Buyer acknowledges and hereby agrees that the Initial Shares will not be transferable under any circumstances unless registered
by the Company in accordance with federal and state securities laws or sold in compliance with an exemption under such laws and such
transfer complies with all applicable lock-up restrictions on such Buyer (as described in the Companys registration statement
on Form S-1, as may be amended (the Registration Statement), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Act), relating to a contemplated underwritten public offering by the Company (the Public Offering)).
Such Buyer further understands and agrees that Buyer will be required to execute and deliver a letter agreement including, among other
provisions, the foregoing transfer restrictions as described in the Registration Statement, and that any certificates evidencing the
Initial Shares bear a legend referring to such transfer restrictions.

The
Initial Shares are being acquired solely for such Buyers own account, for investment purposes only, and are not being purchased
with a view to or for the resale, distribution, subdivision or fractionalization thereof; and such Buyer has no present plans to enter
into any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement for such resale, distribution, subdivision or fractionalization. Such Buyer
has been given the opportunity to (i) ask questions of and receive answers from the Seller and the Company concerning the terms
and conditions of the Initial Shares, and the business and financial condition of the Company and (ii) obtain any additional information
that the Seller possess or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to assist such Buyer in evaluating the
advisability of the purchase of the Initial Shares and an investment in the Company. Such Buyer is not relying on any oral representation
made by any person as to the Company or its operations, financial condition or prospects. Such Buyer is an accredited investor
as defined in Regulation D promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Act. In the event such Buyer does not join
the Board of Directors of the Company upon the consummation of the Public Offering (whether and either at the election of the Company
or such Buyer for any reason), then the Buyer shall promptly return the Initial Shares to the Company.

Section 5.
Miscellaneous. This Transfer, together with the certificates, documents, instruments and writings that are delivered pursuant
hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter. This Transfer may
be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the
same instrument. This Transfer may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument
executed by all parties hereto. Except as otherwise provided herein, no party hereto may assign either this Transfer or any of its rights,
interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party.

[signature
page follows]

2

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Transfer to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

SELLER:

Hercules
Capital Management VII Corp

By: /s/
Fen Zhang 

Name:
Fen
Zhang

Title:
Director

BUYERS:

/s/
M. Anthony Wong 

Name: 
M.
Anthony Wong

/s/
Kevin McKenzie 

Name: 
Kevin
McKenzie 

/s/
Qian Xu 

Name: 
Qian
Xu

COMPANY:

Columbus
Acquisition Corp

By: /s/
Fen Zhang

Name:
Fen
Zhang

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Securities Transfer Agreement]

3

Schedule
I

Name
of Transferee Number
of

Ordinary

Shares

Transferred

from Hercules

Capital

Management 

VII Corp Purchase

Price to

Hercules

Capital

Management 

VII Corp 

M. Anthony Wong 12,000 $ 181.47 

Kevin McKenzie 12,000 $ 181.47 

Qian Xu 12,000 $ 181.47 

Total: 36,000 $ 544.41 

4

AMENDMENT
TO SECURITIES TRANSFER AGREEMENT

This
AMENDMENT TO SECURITIES TRANSFER AGREEMENT (this Amendment), is made and entered into as of December 20, 2024, by
and among, Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands company (the Seller), Columbus Acquisition
Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and the parties identified on the signature page hereto (each
a Buyer and collectively, the Buyers).Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Securities Transfer Agreement (as defined below).

W
I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Seller, the Company and the Buyers are parties to a certain Securities Transfer Agreement as of November 8, 2024 (the Securities
Transfer Agreement) in connection with the proposed initial public offering of the Company (the IPO);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the adjustment of the total number of securities to be offered in the IPO, the Seller desires to transfer, and each
Buyer desires to purchase, 13,000 Ordinary Shares at that certain adjusted purchase price.

WHEREAS,
in accordance with the terms of Section 5 of the Securities Transfer Agreement, the Seller, the Company and the Buyers desire to amend
the Securities Transfer Agreement as set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Subscriber agree as follows:

1. Amendment
to the Securities Transfer Agreement

(a) The
last sentence of Section 1 following shall hereby be amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

The
Buyers have agreed to pay the Seller an aggregate amount of approximately $521.73, (the Purchase Price), in consideration
of the transfer of the Initial Shares.

(b) The
Schedule I shall hereby be amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in Schedule I.

2. Effectiveness
of Amendment. Upon the execution and delivery hereof, the Securities Transfer Agreement shall thereupon be deemed to be amended as
set forth herein and with the same effect as if the amendments made hereby were originally set forth in the Securities Transfer Agreement,
and this Amendment and the Securities Transfer Agreement shall henceforth respectively be read, taken and construed as one and the same
instrument, but such amendments shall not operate so as to render invalid or improper any action heretofore taken under the Securities
Transfer Agreement. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Securities Transfer Agreement to this Agreement,
hereof, hereunder or words of like import referring to the Securities Transfer Agreement shall refer to the
Securities Transfer Agreement as amended by this Amendment.

3. General
Provisions

(a) Miscellaneous.
This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original but all of which together shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties hereto and
delivered to the other par-ties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same
counterpart. This Amendment may be executed and delivered by facsimile or PDF transmission.
The terms of Section 7 of the Securities Transfer Agreement shall apply to this Amendment,
as applicable.

(b) This
Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflict of laws.

(c) Securities
Transfer Agreement in Effect. Except as specifically and explicitly provided for in this
Amendment, the Securities Transfer Agreement shall remain unmodified and in full force and
effect.

[signature
page follows]

5

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the date set forth on the first page of this Amendment.

SELLER:

Hercules
Capital Management VII Corp

By: /s/
Fen Zhang 

Name: Fen
Zhang

Title: Director

BUYERS:

/s/
M. Anthony Wong

Name: 
M.
Anthony Wong

/s/
Kevin McKenzie

Name: 
Kevin
McKenzie

/s/
Qian Xu 

Name: 
Qian
Xu

COMPANY:

Columbus
Acquisition Corp

By: /s/
Fen Zhang 

Name: Fen
Zhang

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

[signature
page to the amendment to securities transfer agreement]

6

Schedule
I

Name of
Transferee Number
of Ordinary

Shares Transferred

from Hercules

Capital

Management

VII Corp Purchase
Price

to Hercules

Capital

Management

VII Corp 

M. Anthony Wong 12,000 $ 173.91 

Kevin McKenzie 12,000 $ 173.91 

Qian Xu 12,000 $ 173.91 

Total: 36,000 $ 521.73 

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex10-3_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CST, AS TRUSTEE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 22, 2025 by and between Columbus Acquisition
Corp (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee (Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, No. 333-283278 (Registration Statement) for its initial public offering
of the Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001
per share, of the Company (the Ordinary Share), and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary
Share (such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as the IPO) has been declared effective as of
the date hereof (Effective Date) by the Securities and Exchange Commission (capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Registration Statement); and

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as representative
(the Representative) of the several underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;
and

WHEREAS, as described in the
Registration Statement, and in accordance with the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, $60,000,000
of the gross proceeds of the IPO and the net proceeds of a private placement taking place simultaneously therewith (or $69,000,000 if
the over-allotment option is exercised in full), plus any amount eventually deposited on account of any extension, will be delivered to
the Trustee to be deposited and held in the Trust Account for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares, issued
in the IPO as hereinafter provided (the proceeds to be delivered to the Trustee, including the proceeds from any loans in connection with
an Extension, if any, will be referred to herein as the Property; the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee
shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the
Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants
of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust
for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in a trust account (the Trust Account)
established by the Trustee in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated
assets of $100 billion or more), and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and
administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In a timely manner, upon
the written instruction of the Company, (i) hold the Property in an interest or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S.
chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to
the Company, or (ii) invest and reinvest the Property in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions
of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (or any
successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company; the Trustee may not invest
in any other securities or assets, it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested
awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder; and while account funds are invested or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits
or other consideration;

1

(d) Collect and receive, when
due, all principal and income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein;

(e) Notify the Company of
all communications received by it with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) [Reserved];

(g) [Reserved];

(h) Supply any necessary information
or documents as may be requested by the Company in connection with the Companys preparation of its tax returns;

(i) Participate in any plan
or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to
do so;

(j) Render to the Company
monthly written statements of the activities of and amounts in the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust
Account; and

(k) Commence liquidation of
the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter (Termination
Letter), in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, signed
on behalf of the Company by its President, Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board and Secretary or Assistant Secretary and,
in the case of a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed
to by the Representative, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account (net of taxes
owed in accordance with this Agreement and, in the case of Exhibit B, less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released to the
Company to pay dissolution expenses) only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon
the end of a 30-day cure period after the date any additional amount of funds were required to be deposited in the Trust Account as a
condition of any extension of such date approved by the Companys shareholders but were not deposited; provided, however, that in
the event that a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee by the 12-month anniversary of the effective date of the Registration
Statement (Last Date), the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in
the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B hereto and distributed to the Public Shareholders as of the Last Date.

(l) [Reserved].

(m) Not disburse any amounts
from the Trust Account in connection with a Business Combination in the event that the amount per share to be received by the redeeming
Public Shareholders is less than $10.00 per share (plus the amount per share deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to any Extension
Letter).

2

(n) In connection with a Business
Combination, before making disbursements to the Depository Trust Company, the Company or any other person, disburse the per share amount
to redeeming Public Shareholders (other than shares tendered through the Depository Trust Company) that have tendered their shares directly
to the Trustee.

(o) Promptly acknowledge and
comply with any irrevocable instruction letter delivered in the form of Exhibit D delivered by the Company in connection with the
disbursement of funds to a Public Shareholder.

(p) Promptly acknowledge,
in writing to any redeeming Public Shareholder and the Company, any irrevocable instruction letter in the form of Exhibit E delivered
by such redeeming Public Shareholder after the announcement by the Company of a proposed Business Combination and promptly comply with
any irrevocable written instruction letter in the form of Exhibit E delivered by such Public Shareholder in connection with the
disbursement of funds to such Public Shareholder if the Company has not notified the Trustee in writing during the Objection Period that
such irrevocable written instruction letter is a Non-Compliant Instruction Letter (as defined below).

(q) Upon written request from
the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit F (a Shareholder
Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company
to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Memorandum and Articles not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation of, a Business Combination (as
defined below) (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business
Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within
the prescribed timeline pursuant to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The
written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said
funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request.

2. Limited Distributions
of Income from Trust Account.

(a) Upon written request from
the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C, the Trustee
shall distribute to the Company the amount of interest income earned on the Trust Account requested by the Company to cover any income
or other tax obligation owed by the Company as long as there is no reduction in the aggregate of the principal amount per share initially
deposited in Trust Account.

(b) The limited distributions
referred to in Section 2(a) above shall be made only from income collected on the Property. Except as provided in Section 2(a), no other
distributions from the Trust Account shall be permitted except in accordance with Section 1(k) hereof.

(c) The Company shall provide
the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letters and/or any other correspondence that it issues to the Trustee with respect to
any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after such issuance.

3

3. Agreements and Covenants
of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions
to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief
Financial Officer. In addition, except with respect to its duties under paragraphs 1(i), 2(a) and 2(b) above, the Trustee shall be entitled
to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it in good faith believes to be
given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions
in writing;

(b) Subject to the provisions
of Sections 5 and 7(g) of this Agreement, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against, any and all expenses,
including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, or loss suffered by the Trustee in connection with any claim, potential claim, action,
suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand which in any way arises
out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any income earned from investment of the
Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. Promptly after
the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee
intends to seek indemnification under this paragraph, it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as
the Indemnified Claim); provided, however, that the Trustees failure to provide such notice shall not
relieve the Company of its liability hereunder, except to the extent that it is materially prejudiced by such failure. The Trustee shall
have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim, provided, that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of
the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle
any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The
Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee an initial
acceptance fee, an annual fee and a transaction processing fee for each disbursement made pursuant to Sections 2(a) and 2(b) as set forth
on Schedule A hereto, which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the
Property shall not be used to pay such fees and further agreed that any fees owed to the Trustee shall be deducted by the Trustee from
the disbursements made to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) solely in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination,
or pursuant to Section 2(b). The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and first years fee at the consummation
of the IPO and thereafter on the anniversary of the Effective Date;

(d) In connection with any
vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a Business Combination, provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of a firm
regularly engaged in the business of soliciting proxies and/or tabulating shareholder votes verifying the vote of the Companys
shareholders regarding such Business Combination; and

(e) In the event that the
Company directs the Trustee to commence liquidation of the Trust Account pursuant to Section 1(k), the Company agrees that it will not
direct the Trustee to make any payments that are not specifically authorized by this Agreement.

(f) Upon receiving the written
request of a Public Shareholder to do so at any time after the date hereof, provide such Public Shareholder with a copy of any instruction
provided to the Trustee pursuant to Section 1(k) along with any Notification (as defined in Exhibit A), Instruction Letter (as defined
in Exhibit A), applicable flow of funds memorandum (or similar document), or any other notice delivered to the Trustee by the Company
regarding the disbursement of Property from the Trust Account resulting in the Property left in the Trust Account being less than $60,000,000
(or $69,000,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) plus any amount eventually deposited on account
of any Extension, which, in each case, shall specify to whom the Property shall be disbursed (such written notice, a Disbursement
Notice and the date such Public Shareholder receives a Disbursement Notice, a Disbursement Notice Date).
Each Disbursement Notice shall be delivered to such Public Shareholder at least two business days prior to the disbursement of any Property
pursuant to Section 1(k) or Section 1(l) and no Property shall be disbursed from the Trust Account prior to the date that is two business
days from the applicable Disbursement Notice Date.

4

(g) At the request of any
Public Shareholder who has removed shares from street name and holds such shares either in certificated or book-entry form and, except
if such shares are held in book-entry form, delivered such certificated shares to the Trustee for purposes of redemption in connection
with a Business Combination, concurrently with the delivery of such shares, solely if such shares are certificated. to the Trustee, send
an irrevocable written instruction letter in the form of Exhibit D to the Trustee directing the Trustee to disburse no less than
$10.00 per share (plus the amount per share deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to any Extension Letter) to such Public Shareholder.

(h) Following receipt of a
copy of an irrevocable written instruction letter in the form of Exhibit E delivered by a Public Shareholder who has removed shares
from street name and holds such shares either in certificated or book-entry form and, except if such shares are held in book-entry form,
delivered such certificated shares to the Trustee for purposes of redemption in connection with a Business Combination to the Trustee,
review such letter to confirm (i) such letter is in the form of Exhibit E, (ii) a Business Combination has been announced on or
prior to the date of such letter and (iii) the number of Ordinary Shares set forth on such letter to be redeemed is not greater than the
number of Ordinary Shares held by the applicable Public Shareholder solely if the Company cannot confirm the requirements of clauses (i)
through (iii) of this Section 3(h), but not for any other reason, then within two days of the Companys receipt of the applicable
copy of the irrevocable written instruction letter in the form of Exhibit E (such time period, the Objection Period),
the Company will notify the applicable Public Shareholder and the Trustee in writing that such irrevocable written instruction letter
is a Non-Compliant Instruction Letter and that the Trustee shall not comply with such letter.

4. Limitations of Liability.
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Take any action with respect
to the Property, other than as directed in paragraphs 1 and 2 hereof and the Trustee shall have no liability to any party except for liability
arising out of its own fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct;

(b) Institute any proceeding
for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect
to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the
Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(c) Change the investment
of any Property, other than in compliance with paragraph 1(c);

(d) Refund any depreciation
in principal of any Property;

5

(e) Assume that the authority
of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation,
or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto
or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the
exercise of its own best judgment, except for its fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively and
shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the
Trustee), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness
of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which is believed by the Trustee,
in good faith, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice
or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a
written instrument delivered to the Trustee signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected,
unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the correctness
of the information set forth in the Registration Statement or to confirm or assure that any acquisition made by the Company or any other
action taken by it is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(h) File local, state and/or
federal tax returns or information returns with any taxing authority on behalf of the Trust Account and payee statements with the Company
documenting the taxes, if any, payable by the Company or the Trust Account, relating to the income earned on the Property;

(i) Pay any taxes on behalf
of the Trust Account (it being expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay any such taxes and that such taxes, if
any, shall be paid by the Company from funds not held in the Trust Account or released to it under Section 2(a) hereof);

(j) Imply obligations, perform
duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this agreement and that which is expressly
set forth herein; and

(k) Verify calculations, qualify
or otherwise approve Company requests for distributions pursuant to Section 1(k), 2(a) or 2(b) above.

5. Trust Account Waiver.
The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any
monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now
or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under
Section 3(b) or Section 3(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account
and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

6. Termination. This
Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written
notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor
trustee during which time the Trustee shall act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee
that a successor trustee has been appointed by the Company and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee
shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the
reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that, in the event
that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee
may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

6

(b) At such time that the
Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1(i) hereof and distributed
the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect to Paragraph
3(b).

7. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee
each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust
Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized
persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access
to such information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee will rely upon all information
supplied to it by the Company, including account names, account numbers and all other identifying information relating to a beneficiary,
beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. The Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error
in the information or transmission of the wire.

(b) This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law
principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. It may be executed in several original
or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument.

(c) This Agreement contains
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Sections 1(k), 1(m),
1(n), 1(p), 7(c) and 7(h) (which may only be amended with the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary
shares of the Company, provided that all Public Shareholders must be given the right to receive a pro-rata portion of the trust account
(no less than $10.00 per share) in connection with any such amendment), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended
or modified by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that no such change, amendment or modification may be
made without the prior written consent of the Representative. As to any claim, cross-claim or counterclaim in any way relating to this
Agreement, each party waives the right to trial by jury. The Trustee may require from Company counsel an opinion as to the propriety of
any proposed amendment.

(d) The parties hereto consent
to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for purposes of resolving
any disputes hereunder.

7

(e) Any notice, consent or
request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express
mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile transmission:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Attn: Fen Zhang

Email: eric.zhang@hercules.global

in either case with a copy (which copy
shall not constitute notice) to:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Fax No.: (212) 624-2117

Attn: Thomas J. Higgins

Email: thiggins@allianceg.com

and

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st
Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Huan Lou, Esq. and David Manno,
Esq.

Email: hlou@srfc.law and dmanno@srfc.law

and

Robinson & Cole LLP

Chrysler East Building

666 Third Avenue, 20th floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Arila E. Zhou, Esq.

Email: azhou@rc.com

(g) Each of the Trustee and
the Company hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform
its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder.

(h) Each of the Company and
the Trustee hereby acknowledge that the Representative is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

[signature page follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed
this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee

By: /s/ Francis Wolf

Name: Francis Wolf

Title: Vice President

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[signature page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement Columbus Acquisition Corp]

9

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount 

Initial acceptance fee Initial closing of IPO by wire transfer $ 3,500.00 

Annual fee Initial closing of IPO by wire transfer; thereafter on the anniversary of the effective date of the IPO by wire transfer or check $ 10,000.00 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Section 2 Deduction by Trustee from accumulated income following disbursement made to Company under Section 2 $ 250.00 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to section 1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to section 1(k) Prevailing rates 

10

EXHIBIT A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraph 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Columbus Acquisition Corp (Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of [__], 2025 (Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (Target Business) to consummate
a business combination with Target Business (Business Combination) on or about [insert date]. The Company
shall notify you at least (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination (Consummation
Date). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate the Trust Account investments and to transfer the proceeds to the above-referenced
account at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately
available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date. It is acknowledged and agreed
that while the funds are on deposit in the trust account awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i)
counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, and (ii) the Company
shall deliver to you a certificate of Chief Executive Officer, which verifies the vote of the Companys shareholders in connection
with the Business Combination if a vote is held and (b) joint written instructions from the Company and the Representative with respect
to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, which must provide for the disbursement of no less than $10.00 per share to redeeming
Public Shareholders (Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held
in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the counsels letter and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms
of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date
without penalty, you will notify the Company of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the
Trust Account and distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in the Trust Account
pursuant to the terms hereof, the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation
Date as set forth in the notice.

11

Very truly yours,

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Secretary/Assistant Secretary

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12

EXHIBIT B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraph 1(k)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Columbus Acquisition Corp (Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of [__], 2025 (Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a Business Combination with a Target Company within the time frame specified
in the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all the Trust Account investments and to transfer the total proceeds to the
Trust Operating Account at J.P. Morgan Chase bank, NA to await distribution to the Public Shareholder, less taxes payable and up to $100,000
to cover dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized
to transfer (via wire transfer) such amount for dissolution expenses of $_____ promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

The Company has selected []
as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation
proceeds. It is acknowledged that no interest will be earned by the Company on the liquidation proceeds while on deposit in the Trust
Checking Account. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, to distribute said funds directly
to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall
be terminated.

13

Very truly yours,

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Secretary/Assistant Secretary

cc: A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

14

EXHIBIT C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Tax Payment Withdrawal Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraph 2(a)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Columbus Acquisition Corp (Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of [__], 2025 (Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
The Company needs such funds to pay for its tax obligations. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed
and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account
at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

15

EXHIBIT D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Irrevocable Instruction in Connection with Business Combination

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraphs 1(o)
and 3(g) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Columbus Acquisition Corp (Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of December 21, 2022 (Trust Agreement),
this constitutes our irrevocable instruction to you to (i) in conjunction with the Business Combination (as defined in the Trust Agreement),
disburse a per share amount of $[], for a total disbursement of $[] which is not less than $10.00 to [] (the Shareholder)
for the [] Ordinary Shares of the Company delivered to you prior to or concurrently herewith for redemption in connection with
the Business Combination, and (ii) deliver to the Shareholder the amounts specified in clause (i) prior to delivering and amounts to the
Depository Trust Company, the Company, or any person from whom you have not received an irrevocable instruction substantially similar
to this one. The Shareholder wire instructions are attached. A share advice or DWAC instruction from our broker is also attached.

The Company shall indemnify
you and your officers, directors, principals, partners, agents and representatives, and hold each of them harmless from and against any
and all loss, liability, damage, claim or expense (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its attorneys) incurred by or asserted
against you or any of them arising out of or in connection with the instructions set forth herein, the performance of your duties hereunder
and otherwise in respect hereof, including the costs and expenses of defending yourself or themselves against any claim or liability hereunder,
except that the Company shall not be liable hereunder as to matters in respect of which it is determined that you have acted with gross
negligence, fraud or willful misconduct . You shall have no liability to the Company in respect to any action taken or any failure to
act in respect of this if such action was taken or omitted to be taken in good faith, and you shall be entitled to rely in this regard
on the advice of counsel.

The Board of Directors of
the Company has approved the foregoing irrevocable instructions and does hereby extend the Companys irrevocable agreement to indemnify
your firm for all loss, liability or expense in carrying out the authority and direction herein contained on the terms herein set forth.

The Shareholder is intended
to be and is a third party beneficiary of this letter and the irrevocable instructions set forth herein, and no amendment or modification
to the instructions set forth herein may be made without the prior written consent of the Shareholder.

By signing below, the person
executing this letter certifies that they are duly authorized to execute this letter on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company
to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

16

Very truly yours,

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER &

TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee 

Name: 

Title: 

Cc: [SHAREHOLDER].

Attachments:

Shareholder Wire Instructions

Share advice or instruction

[signature page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement-Exhibit D- Columbus Acquisition Corp]

17

EXHIBIT E

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account Irrevocable Instruction in Connection with Business Combination

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to paragraphs 1(p)
and 3(h) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Columbus Acquisition Corp (Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of [__], 2025 (Trust Agreement),
this constitutes our irrevocable instruction to you to (i) in conjunction with the Business Combination (as defined in the Trust Agreement),
disburse a per share amount of $[], for a total disbursement of $[] which is not less than $10.00 (plus the amount per share
deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to any Extension Letter) per share to [] (the Shareholder)
for the [] Ordinary Shares of the Company delivered to you prior to or concurrently herewith for redemption in connection with
the Business Combination, and (ii) deliver to the Shareholder the amounts specified in clause (i) prior to delivering and amounts to the
Depository Trust Company, the Company, or any person from whom you have not received an irrevocable instruction substantially similar
to this one. Our wire instructions are attached. We understand that a servicing fee of $250.00 will deducted from our payment. A share
advice or DWAC instruction from our broker is attached.

The Company shall indemnify
you and your officers, directors, principals, partners, agents and representatives, and hold each of them harmless from and against any
and all loss, liability, damage, claim or expense (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its attorneys) incurred by or asserted
against you or any of them arising out of or in connection with the instructions set forth herein, the performance of your duties hereunder
and otherwise in respect hereof, including the costs and expenses of defending yourself or themselves against any claim or liability hereunder,
except that the Company shall not be liable hereunder as to matters in respect of which it is determined that you have acted with gross
negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. You shall have no liability to the Company in respect to any action taken or any failure to act
in respect of this if such action was taken or omitted to be taken in good faith, and you shall be entitled to rely in this regard on
the advice of counsel.

The Board of Directors of
the Company does hereby extend the Companys irrevocable agreement to indemnify your firm for all loss, liability or expense in
carrying out the authority and direction herein contained on the terms herein set forth.

No amendment or modification
to the instructions set forth herein may be made without the prior written consent of the Shareholder.

By signing below, the person
executing this letter certifies that they are duly authorized to execute this letter on behalf of the Shareholder and to bind the Shareholder
to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

18

Very truly yours,

[SHAREHOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged and Agreed:

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER &

TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee

Name: 

Title: 

Cc: Columbus Acquisition Corp 

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712 

Attn: Fen Zhang, Chief Executive Officer 

Attachments:

Shareholder Wire Instructions

Share advice or instruction

19

Exhibit F

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountShareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf & Ms. Celeste Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(q)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company) and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of [__], 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[__] of the principal and interest income
earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries for distribution to the
Public Shareholders who have requested redemption of their Ordinary Shares. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from
time to time (the Memorandum and Articles) not for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction with the consummation
of, a Business Combination (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with
a Business Combination or to redeem one hundred per cent (100%) of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination
within the prescribed timeline pursuant to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or (B) with
respect to any other material provisions relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity.
As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to
the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very truly yours, 

Columbus Acquisition Corp 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex10-4_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY, THE SPONSOR, AND THE REPRESENTATIVE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

Execution Version

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is entered into as of the January 22, 2025, by and among Columbus Acquisition Corp, a Cayman
Islands company (the Company) and the undersigned parties listed under Investor on the signature page hereto
(each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Investors and
the Company desire to enter into this Agreement to provide the Investors with certain rights relating to the registration of the securities
held by them as of the date hereof; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. The following
capitalized terms used herein have the following meanings:

Agreement
means this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

Business Combination
means the acquisition of direct or indirect ownership through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.

Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other Federal agency then administering the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Company
is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Ordinary Shares
means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Demand Registration
is defined in Section 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
is defined in Section 2.1.1.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as
the same shall be in effect at the time.

Form S-3
is defined in Section 2.3.

Indemnified Party
is defined in Section 4.3.

Indemnifying Party
is defined in Section 4.3.

Initial Shares
means all of the outstanding Ordinary Shares issued prior to the consummation of the Companys initial public offering.

Investor
is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Investor Indemnified
Party is defined in Section 4.1.

1

Maximum Number of
Share is defined in Section 2.1.4.

Notices
is defined in Section 6.3.

Piggy-Back Registration
is defined in Section 2.2.1.

Private Units
means 234,290 Units (or up to 247,790 in the event that the underwriters in the Companys initial public offering exercise their
over-allotment option in full, as described in the prospectus relating to the Companys initial public offering) which the Sponsor
is privately purchasing simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys initial public offering.

Register,
Registered and Registration mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration
statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registrable Securities
means (i) the Initial Shares, (ii) the Private Units (and underlying securities), and (iii) any securities issuable upon conversion of
loans from Investors to the Company for the Companys payment of its working capital, if any, and extensions for the time that the
Company need to complete its initial business combination as provided in the Companys amended and restate memorandum and articles
of association (the Working Capital Loan Securities). Registrable Securities include any warrants, rights,
capital shares or other securities of the Company issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect to or in exchange for or in
replacement of such Initial Shares, Private Units (and underlying securities) or Working Capital Loan Securities. As to any particular
Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the
sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed
of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (b) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates
for them not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution
of them shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (c) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding, or (d) the Registrable
Securities are freely saleable under Rule 144 without volume limitations.

Registration Statement
means a registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission in compliance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder for a public offering and sale of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable
for, or convertible into, equity securities (other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8, or their successors, or any
registration statement covering only securities proposed to be issued in exchange for securities or assets of another entity).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the same
shall be in effect at the time.

Sponsor means Hercules Capital
Management VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands company.

Underwriter
means a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an underwritten offering and not as part of such dealers
market-making activities.

Units
means the units of the Company, each comprised of one Ordinary Share and one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share.

2

2. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration.
At any time and from time to time on or after the date that the Company consummates a Business Combination, the holders of a majority-in-interest
of the Registrable Securities, as the case may be, held by the Investors, officers or directors of the Company or their affiliates, or
the transferees of the Investors, on no more than two occasions. Any demand for a Demand Registration shall specify the number of shares
of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The Company will notify, in writing,
all holders of Registrable Securities of the demand, with ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of such demand, and each holder
of Registrable Securities who wishes to include all or a portion of such holders Registrable Securities in the Demand Registration
(each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities in such registration, a Demanding Holder) shall
so notify the Company within fifteen (15) days after the receipt by the holder of the notice from the Company. Upon any such request,
the Demanding Holders shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in the Demand Registration, subject to Section 2.1.4
and the provisos set forth in Section 3.1.1. The Company shall not be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of two (2) Demand Registrations
under this Section 2.1.1 in respect of all Registrable Securities.

2.1.2 Effective Registration.
A registration will not count as a Demand Registration until the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such
Demand Registration has been declared effective and the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect
thereto; provided, however, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Demand Registration is interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission or any other governmental agency
or court, the Registration Statement with respect to such Demand Registration will be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless
and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders thereafter elect to continue the offering; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to file a second Registration
Statement until a Registration Statement that has been filed is counted as a Demand Registration or is terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering.
If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so elect and such holders so advise the Company as part of their written demand for
a Demand Registration, the offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an underwritten
offering. In such event, the right of any holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon
such holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting
to the extent provided herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through such underwriting shall
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such underwriting by a majority-in-interest
of the holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Offering.
If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters for a Demand Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and the
Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or number of share of Registrable Securities which the Demanding Holders desire to
sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other securities which the Company desires to sell and Ordinary Shares, if any,
as to which registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by other shareholders
of the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of share that can be sold in such offering without
adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such
maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Share), then the Company
shall include in such registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities as to which Demand Registration has been requested by the Demanding
Holders (pro rata in accordance with the number of share that each such person has requested be included in such registration, regardless
of the number of share held by each such person (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro Rata)) that
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Share; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Share has not been reached
under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Share; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Share has not been reached under the foregoing
clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register
pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Share.

3

2.1.5 Withdrawal. If
a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled to include all of their
Registrable Securities in any offering, such majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw from such offering by
giving written notice to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters of their request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration, then such registration shall not count as a Demand Registration
provided for in Section 2.1. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable
Securities in connection with such Demand Registration as provided in Section 3.3.

2.2 Piggy-Back Registration.

2.2.1 Piggy-Back Rights.
If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement
under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable
for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or
by the Company and by shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1), other than a Registration Statement
(i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely
to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company
or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable
Securities as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall describe
the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed
managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the
opportunity to register the sale of such number of share of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within five
(5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration). The Company shall cause such Registrable
Securities to be included in such registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed
underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and
conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance
with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through
a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an Underwriter or Underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with
the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

4

2.2.2 Reduction of Offering.
If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters for a Piggy-Back Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and
the holders of Registrable Securities in writing that the dollar amount or number of Ordinary Shares which the Company desires to sell,
taken together with the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which registration has been demanded pursuant to written contractual arrangements
with persons other than the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been
requested under this Section 2.2, and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the written
contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Share, then the Company
shall include in any such registration:

a) If the registration is
undertaken for the Companys account: (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can
be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Share; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Share has not been reached
under the foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary Shares or other securities, if any, comprised of Registrable Securities, as to which registration
has been requested pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back registration rights of such security holders, Pro Rata, that
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Share; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Share has not been
reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Share or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company
is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights with such persons and that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Share;

b) If the registration is
a demand registration undertaken at the demand of persons other than either the holders of Registrable Securities, (A) first,
the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of the demanding persons that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Share; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Share has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary
Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Share; (C) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Share has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), collectively the Ordinary
Shares or other securities comprised of Registrable Securities, Pro Rata, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the
terms hereof, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Share; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of
Share has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other
persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons, that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Share.

2.2.3 Withdrawal. Any
holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any Piggy-Back
Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.
The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual
obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding
any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back
Registration as provided in Section 3.3.

5

2.2.4 Registrations on
Form S-3. The holders of Registrable Securities may at any time and from time to time, request in writing that the Company register
the resale of any or all of such Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration which may be available at such
time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through
an underwritten offering. Upon receipt of such written request, the Company will promptly give written notice of the proposed registration
to all other holders of Registrable Securities, and, as soon as practicable thereafter, effect the registration of all or such portion
of such holders or holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such request, together with all or such portion of
the Registrable Securities or other securities of the Company, if any, of any other holder or holders joining in such request as are specified
in a written request given within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice from the Company; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be obligated to effect any such registration pursuant to this Section 2.3: (i) if Form S-3 is not available for such
offering; or (ii) if the holders of the Registrable Securities, together with the holders of any other securities of the Company entitled
to inclusion in such registration, propose to sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at any aggregate price to
the public of less than $500,000. Registrations effected pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall not be counted as Demand Registrations effected
pursuant to Section 2.1.

3. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

3.1 Filings; Information.
Whenever the Company is required to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2, the Company shall use
its best efforts to effect the registration and sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof as expeditiously as practicable, and in connection with any such request:

3.1.1 Filing Registration
Statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to, as expeditiously as possible after receipt of a request for a Demand Registration
pursuant to Section 2.1, prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement on any form for which the Company then qualifies
or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which form shall be available for the sale of all Registrable Securities to
be registered thereunder in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof, and shall use its best efforts to cause such
Registration Statement to become effective and use its best efforts to keep it effective for the period required by Section 3.1.3; provided,
however, that the Company shall have the right to defer any Demand Registration for up to thirty (30) days, and any Piggy-Back Registration
for such period as may be applicable to deferment of any demand registration to which such Piggy-Back Registration relates, in each case
if the Company shall furnish to the holders a certificate signed by Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Company stating that, in
the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its shareholders
for such Registration Statement to be effected at such time; provided further, however, that the Company shall not have the right to exercise
the right set forth in this provision more than once in any 365-day period in respect of a Demand Registration hereunder.

3.1.2 Copies. The Company
shall, prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the holders
of Registrable Securities included in such registration, and such holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement
as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein), the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus),
and such other documents as the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration or legal counsel for any such holders
may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such holders.

6

3.1.3 Amendments and Supplements.
The Company shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements to such Registration
Statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and in compliance
with the provisions of the Securities Act until all Registrable Securities and other securities covered by such Registration Statement
have been disposed of in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or such securities
have been withdrawn.

3.1.4 Notification.
After the filing of a Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly, and in no event more than two (2) business days after such filing,
notify the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement of such filing, and shall further notify such holders
promptly and confirm such advice in writing in all events within two (2) business days of the occurrence of any of the following: (i)
when such Registration Statement becomes effective; (ii) when any post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement becomes effective;
(iii) the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order (and the Company shall take all actions required to prevent
the entry of such stop order or to remove it if entered); and (iv) any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to such
Registration Statement or any prospectus relating thereto or for additional information or of the occurrence of an event requiring the
preparation of a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the securities covered
by such Registration Statement, such prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of the prospectus, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made), not misleading, and promptly make available to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration
Statement any such supplement or amendment; except that before filing with the Commission a Registration Statement or prospectus or any
amendment or supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, the Company shall furnish to the holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement and to the legal counsel for any such holders, copies of all such documents proposed
to be filed sufficiently in advance of filing to provide such holders and legal counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review such documents
and comment thereon, and the Company shall not file any Registration Statement or prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto, including
documents incorporated by reference, to which such holders or their legal counsel shall object.

3.1.5 State Securities
Laws Compliance. The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action
necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental
authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that
may be necessary or advisable to enable the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the
disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify
generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph or subject itself
to taxation in any such jurisdiction.

7

3.1.6 Agreements for Disposition.
The Company shall enter into customary agreements (including, if applicable, an underwriting agreement in customary form) and take such
other actions as are reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities. The representations,
warranties and covenants of the Company in any underwriting agreement which are made to or for the benefit of any Underwriters, to the
extent applicable, shall also be made to and for the benefit of the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration statement.
No holder of Registrable Securities included in such registration statement shall be required to make any representations or warranties
in the underwriting agreement except, if applicable, with respect to such holders organization, good standing, authority, title
to Registrable Securities, lack of conflict of such sale with such holders material agreements and organizational documents, and
with respect to written information relating to such holder that such holder has furnished in writing expressly for inclusion in such
Registration Statement.

3.1.7 Cooperation.
The principal executive officer of the Company, the principal financial officer of the Company, the principal accounting officer of the
Company and all other officers and members of the management of the Company shall cooperate fully in any offering of Registrable Securities
hereunder, which cooperation shall include, without limitation, the preparation of the Registration Statement with respect to such offering
and all other offering materials and related documents, and participation in meetings with Underwriters, attorneys, accountants and potential
investors.

3.1.8 Records. The
Company shall make available for inspection by the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, any Underwriter
participating in any disposition pursuant to such registration statement and any attorney, accountant or other professional retained by
any holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement or any Underwriter, all financial and other records, pertinent
corporate documents and properties of the Company, as shall be necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility,
and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information requested by any of them in connection with
such Registration Statement.

3.1.9 Opinions and Comfort
Letters. In the case of any underwritten offering or if reasonably requested by any participant in any other offering pursuant to
a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall obtain opinions of counsel representing the Company for the
purposes of a registration pursuant to this Agreement, addressed to the holders participating in such registration, the placement agent
or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to such registration in respect of which
such opinion is being given as such holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily
included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable
Securities included in such registration. In the case of any underwritten offering or if reasonably requested by any participant in any
other offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall obtain a cold comfort
letters from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an underwritten public offering pursuant to
this Agreement, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the
managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities
included in such registration. The Company shall furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement
a signed counterpart, addressed to such holder, of (i) any opinion of counsel to the Company delivered to any Underwriter and (ii) any
comfort letter from the Companys independent public accountants delivered to any Underwriter.

8

3.1.10 Earnings Statement.
The Company shall comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and the Securities Act, and make available to its
shareholders, as soon as practicable, an earnings statement covering a period of twelve (12) months, which earnings statement shall satisfy
the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder.

3.1.11 Listing. The
Company shall use its best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities included in any registration to be listed on such exchanges or
otherwise designated for trading in the same manner as similar securities issued by the Company are then listed or designated or, if no
such similar securities are then listed or designated, in a manner satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities
included in such registration.

3.1.12 Road Show. If
the registration involves the registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $15,000,000, the Company shall
use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations
that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any underwritten offering.

3.2 Obligation to Suspend
Distribution. Upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3.1.4(iv),
or, in the case of a resale registration on Form S-3 pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, upon any suspension by the Company, pursuant to a
written insider trading compliance program adopted by the Companys Board of Directors, of the ability of all insiders
covered by such program to transact in the Companys securities because of the existence of material non-public information, each
holder of Registrable Securities included in any registration shall immediately discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities
pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until such holder receives the supplemented or amended prospectus
contemplated by Section 3.1.4(iv) or the restriction on the ability of insiders to transact in the Companys securities
is removed, as applicable, and, if so directed by the Company, each such holder will deliver to the Company all copies, other than permanent
file copies then in such holders possession, of the most recent prospectus covering such Registrable Securities at the time of
receipt of such notice.

3.3 Registration Expenses.
The Company shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1, any Piggy-Back
Registration pursuant to Section 2.2, and any registration on Form S-3 effected pursuant to Section 2.3, and all expenses incurred in
performing or complying with its other obligations under this Agreement, whether or not the Registration Statement becomes effective,
including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees; (ii) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue
sky laws (including fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities);
(iii) printing expenses; (iv) the Companys internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers
and employees); (v) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities as required by Section
3.1.11; (vi) Financial Industry Regulatory Authority fees; (vii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and fees and expenses
for independent certified public accountants retained by the Company (including the expenses or costs associated with the delivery of
any opinions or comfort letters requested pursuant to Section 3.1.9); (viii) the reasonable fees and expenses of any special experts retained
by the Company in connection with such registration and (ix) the reasonable fees and expenses of one legal counsel selected by the holders
of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities included in such registration. The Company shall have no obligation to pay any
underwriting discounts or selling commissions attributable to the Registrable Securities being sold by the holders thereof, which underwriting
discounts or selling commissions shall be borne by such holders. Additionally, in an underwritten offering, all selling shareholders and
the Company shall bear the expenses of the Underwriter pro rata in proportion to the respective amount of share each is selling in such
offering.

9

3.4 Information. The
holders of Registrable Securities shall provide such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company, or the managing Underwriter,
if any, in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, including amendments and supplements thereto, in order to effect
the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 2 and in connection with the Companys
obligation to comply with Federal and applicable state securities laws.

4. INDEMNIFICATION AND
CONTRIBUTION.

4.1 Indemnification by the
Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and each other holder of Registrable Securities, and each of
their respective officers, employees, affiliates, directors, partners, members, attorneys and agents, and each person, if any, who controls
an Investor and each other holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act) (each, an Investor Indemnified Party), from and against any expenses, losses, judgments, claims,
damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement (or allegedly untrue statement) of
a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities
Act, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement
to such Registration Statement, or arising out of or based upon any omission (or alleged omission) to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act or
any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in
connection with any such registration; and the Company shall promptly reimburse the Investor Indemnified Party for any legal and any other
expenses reasonably incurred by such Investor Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any such expense, loss,
judgment, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that
any such expense, loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, or summary prospectus, or
any such amendment or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company, in writing, by such selling
holder expressly for use therein. The Company also shall indemnify any Underwriter of the Registrable Securities, their officers, affiliates,
directors, partners, members and agents and each person who controls such Underwriter on substantially the same basis as that of the indemnification
provided above in this Section 4.1.

4.2 Indemnification by
Holders of Registrable Securities. Each selling holder of Registrable Securities will, in the event that any registration is being
effected under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement of any Registrable Securities held by such selling holder, indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers and each Underwriter (if any), and each other selling holder and each other
person, if any, who controls another selling holder or such Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses,
claims, judgments, damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, insofar as such losses, claims, judgments, damages or liabilities
(or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement of a material fact contained
in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary
prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement to the
Registration Statement, or arise out of or are based upon any omission or the alleged omission to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statement therein not misleading, if the statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in
conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such selling holder expressly for use therein, and shall reimburse
the Company, its directors and officers, and each other selling holder or controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by any of them in connection with investigation or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. Each selling
holders indemnification obligations hereunder shall be several and not joint and shall be limited to the amount of any net proceeds
actually received by such selling holder.

10

4.3 Conduct of Indemnification
Proceedings. Promptly after receipt by any person of any notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability or any action in respect of
which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 4.1 or 4.2, such person (the Indemnified Party) shall, if
a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any other person for indemnification hereunder, notify such other person (the Indemnifying
Party) in writing of the loss, claim, judgment, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the failure by the
Indemnified Party to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability which the Indemnifying
Party may have to such Indemnified Party hereunder, except and solely to the extent the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such
failure. If the Indemnified Party is seeking indemnification with respect to any claim or action brought against the Indemnified Party,
then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in such claim or action, and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with
all other Indemnifying Parties, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After notice
from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its election to assume control of the defense of such claim or action, the Indemnifying
Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection
with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, however, that in any action in which both the Indemnified
Party and the Indemnifying Party are named as defendants, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (but no
more than one such separate counsel) to represent the Indemnified Party and its controlling persons who may be subject to liability arising
out of any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party, with the fees and
expenses of such counsel to be paid by such Indemnifying Party if, based upon the written opinion of counsel of such Indemnified Party,
representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them.
No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, consent to entry of judgment or effect any settlement
of any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which the Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity
could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such judgment or settlement includes an unconditional release of such
Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such claim or proceeding.

4.4 Contribution.

4.4.1 If the indemnification
provided for in the foregoing Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 is unavailable to any Indemnified Party in respect of any loss, claim, damage,
liability or action referred to herein, then each such Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage, liability or action in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Parties and the Indemnifying Parties in connection with the actions
or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative fault of any Indemnified Party and any Indemnifying Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether
the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by such Indemnified Party or such Indemnifying Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

4.4.2 The parties hereto agree
that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.4 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any
other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding Section
4.4.1.

11

4.4.3 The amount paid or payable
by an Indemnified Party as a result of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph
shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified Party
in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.4, no holder
of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the dollar amount of the net proceeds (after payment
of any underwriting fees, discounts, commissions or taxes) actually received by such holder from the sale of Registrable Securities which
gave rise to such contribution obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

5. RULE 144.

5.1 Rule 144. The Company
covenants that it shall file any reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and shall take such
further action as the holders of Registrable Securities may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable
such holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such Rules may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted
by the Commission. Upon the request of any holder of Registrable Securities, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification
of a duly authorized officer as to (A) whether the Company has filed (i) all reports and other materials required to be filed pursuant
to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Company
was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K and (ii) current Form 10 information
(within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) with the Commission reflecting the Companys status as an entity that
is no longer an issuer described in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (B) the first date that the Company filed
Form 10 information (within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) with the Commission.

6. MISCELLANEOUS.

6.1 Other Registration
Rights. The Company represents and warrants that, except as disclosed in the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-283278 ), no person, other than the holders of the Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any
of the Companys share capital for sale or to include the Companys share capital in any registration filed by the Company
for the sale of share capital for its own account or for the account of any other person.

12

6.2 Assignment; No Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated
by the Company in whole or in part. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder
may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the extent of any transfer of
Registrable Securities by any such holder. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit
of each of the parties, to the permitted assigns of the Investors or holder of Registrable Securities or of any assignee of the Investors
or holder of Registrable Securities. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not party
hereto other than as expressly set forth in Article 4 and this Section 6.2. Any additional holder of Registrable Securities may become
party to this Agreement by executing and delivering a joinder to the Company and the Sponsor in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Company.

6.3 Notices. All notices,
demands, requests, consents, approvals or other communications (collectively, Notices) required or permitted
to be given hereunder or which are given with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally served, delivered
by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, telex or facsimile, addressed as set
forth below, or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Notice shall be deemed given
on the date of service or transmission if personally served or transmitted by telegram, telex or facsimile; provided, that if such service
or transmission is not on a business day or is after normal business hours, then such notice shall be deemed given on the next business
day. Notice otherwise sent as provided herein shall be deemed given on the next business day following timely delivery of such notice
to a reputable air courier service with an order for next-day delivery.

To the Company:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential
Tower

Singapore, 049712

Attn: Fen Zhang, Chief Executive
Officer

Email: eric.zhang@hercules.global

with a copy to:

Robinson & Cole LLP

Chrysler East Building

666 Third Avenue, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Arila E. Zhou, Esq.

Email: azhou@rc.com

To an Investor, to the address
set forth below such Investors name on Exhibit A hereto.

6.4 Severability. This
Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible that is valid and enforceable.

6.5 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

13

6.6 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (including all agreements entered into pursuant hereto and all certificates and instruments delivered pursuant hereto and
thereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous
agreements, representations, understandings, negotiations and discussions between the parties, whether oral or written.

6.7 Modifications and Amendments.
No amendment, modification or termination of this Agreement shall be binding upon the Company unless executed in writing by the Company.
No amendment, modification or termination of this Agreement shall be binding upon the holders of the Registrable Securities unless executed
in writing by the holders of the majority Registrable Securities.

6.8 Titles and Headings.
Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of any provision of this
Agreement.

6.9 Waivers and Extensions.
Any party to this Agreement may waive any right, breach or default which such party has the right to waive, provided that such waiver
will not be effective against the waiving party unless it is in writing, is signed by such party, and specifically refers to this Agreement.
Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived has arisen or the breach or default waived has occurred. Any waiver may be conditional.
No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach
thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No waiver or extension of time for performance of any obligations or
acts shall be deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance of any other obligations or

6.10 Remedies Cumulative.
In the event that the Company fails to observe or perform any covenant or agreement to be observed or performed under this Agreement,
the Investor or any other holder of Registrable Securities may proceed to protect and enforce its rights by suit in equity or action at
law, whether for specific performance of any term contained in this Agreement or for an injunction against the breach of any such term
or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Agreement or to enforce any other legal or equitable right, or to take any one
or more of such actions, without being required to post a bond. None of the rights, powers or remedies conferred under this Agreement
shall be mutually exclusive, and each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other right, power or remedy,
whether conferred by this Agreement or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.

6.11 Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under, and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable
to agreements made and to be performed within the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice-of-law provisions thereof
that would compel the application of the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. The venue for any action taken with respect to the
Agreement shall be any state or federal court in New York County in the State of New York.

6.12 Waiver of Trial by
Jury. Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to a trial by jury in any action, suit, counterclaim or other
proceeding (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of, connected with or relating to this Agreement, the transactions
contemplated hereby, or the actions of the Investor in the negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement hereof.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first
written above.

COMPANY:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INVESTORS:

Hercules Capital Management VII Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Director

/s/ Fen Zhang

Fen Zhang

/s/ Jie Hu

Jie Hu

/s/ M. Anthony Wong

M. Anthony Wong

/s/ Kevin McKenzie

Kevin McKenzie

/s/ Qian Xu

Qian Xu

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement-Columbus
Acquisition Corp]

15

EXHIBIT A

Name and Address of Investors

To all Investor:

c/o Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex10-5_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, AMONG THE COMPANY, THE SPONSOR, AND OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

Execution Version

January 22, 2025

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter is being delivered
to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered into by and between
Columbus Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands company (the Company), and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, as
representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters named on Schedule A thereto (the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the IPO) of the Companys units (the Units),
each comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Share), and
one right to receive one-seventh (1/7) of one Ordinary Share (the Rights). Certain capitalized terms used
herein are defined in paragraph 14 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the IPO, and in recognition of the benefit that such
IPO will confer upon the undersigned as a shareholder of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees with the Company as follows:

1. If the Company solicits
approval of its shareholders of a Business Combination, the undersigned will vote all Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by him, her or
it, whether acquired before, in or after the IPO, in favor of such Business Combination, except that it, he or she shall not vote any
Ordinary Shares that it, he or she purchased outside the redemption process after the Company publicly announces its intention to engage
in such proposed Business Combination for or against such proposed Business Combination. If the Company seeks to consummate a proposed
Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, each Insider agrees that it, he or she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares
owned by it, him or her in connection herewith.

2. (a) Unless the Companys
shareholders are previously given the option to redeem their Ordinary Shares in connection with amending applicable documents to extend
the time that the Company has to complete a Business Combination and that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within
12 months from the effective date of the Registration Statement (such period that the Company must complete its initial business combination
in accordance with its governing document is herein after referred as the Prescribed Period), the undersigned
shall take all reasonable steps to (i) cause the Trust Fund to be liquidated and distributed to the holders of the IPO Shares and (ii)
cause the Company to liquidate as soon as reasonably practicable.

(b) The undersigned hereby
waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any distribution of the Trust Fund and any remaining net assets
of the Company as a result of such liquidation with respect to his, her or its Insider Shares and Ordinary Shares underlying the Working
Capital Units (Claim) and hereby waives any Claim the undersigned may have in the future as a result of, or
arising out of, any contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Fund for any reason whatsoever.
The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that there will be no distribution from the Trust Fund with respect to any Rights underlying the
Private Units and Working Capital Units, all of which will terminate on the Companys liquidation.

(c) In the event of the liquidation
of the Trust Fund, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any other shareholders, members or managers of
the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claims, damage and expense whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against
any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim
by any vendor or other person who is owed money by the Company for services rendered or products sold or contracted for, but only to the
extent necessary to ensure that such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense does not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Fund;
provided, that such indemnity shall not apply if such vendor or other person has executed an agreement waiving any claims against the
Trust Fund.

(d) [Reserved].

(e) To the extent that the
Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 900,000 Units (as described in the Registration Statement),
the Sponsor agrees, upon the expiration or waiver of such option, to forfeit and surrender for no consideration for cancellation, a number
of Founder Shares equal to the product of 225,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 900,000 minus the number of
Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 900,000. The
forfeiture and surrender will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriters so
that the Insider Shares will represent 20% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the IPO (not including
the Private Shares and the Representative Shares (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement)). The Sponsor further agrees that, to the
extent that the size of the IPO is increased or decreased and the Sponsor has either purchased or sold Ordinary Shares or an adjustment
to the number of Insider Shares has been effected by way of a share dividend or share capitalization, or a surrender for no consideration
or share contribution back to capital, or otherwise, in each case in connection with such increase or decrease in the size of the IPO,
then (A) the references to 900,000 in the numerator and denominator of the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be changed
to a number equal to 15% of the number of Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the IPO and (B) the reference to 225,000 in
the formula set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be adjusted to such number of Insider Shares that the Sponsor would
have to collectively return to the Company in order for all holders of Insider Shares to hold an aggregate of 20% of the Companys
issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the IPO (not including the Private Shares and the Representative Shares).

3. In the event that the Company
does not consummate a Business Combination and must liquidate and its remaining net assets are insufficient to complete such liquidation,
the Sponsor agrees to advance such funds necessary to complete such liquidation and agrees not to seek recourse for such expenses.

4. [Reserved].

5. Transfer Restrictions.

(a) Subject to the exceptions
set forth herein, each Insider agree not to Transfer any Insider Shares held by it, him or her until the earlier of (i) 180 days after
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) subsequent to a Business Combination, the date on which the closing price of the Ordinary
Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days after the initial Business Combination,
the Insider Shares will be released from such lock-up as provided under this Section 5(a).

2

(b) Subject to the exceptions
set forth herein, each Insider agree not to Transfer any Private Units (including the underlying securities) held by it, he or she until
after the completion of a Business Combination.

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions
set forth in paragraphs 5(a) and 5(b), transfers of the Insider Shares, Private Units (including the underlying securities) that are held
by the Sponsor, any Insider or any of their permitted transferees, as applicable (that have complied with any applicable requirements
of this paragraph 5(c)), are permitted (i) among the Insiders or to the Insiders members, officers, directors, consultants or their
affiliates; (ii) to a holders shareholders or members upon the holders liquidation, in each case if the holder is an entity,
(iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holders immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder or a
member of the holders immediate family, in each case for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution
upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with
the consummation of a Business Combination, (vii) in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (viii) in the event of
the Companys liquidation prior to its consummation of an initial Business Combination or (ix) in the event that, subsequent to
the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property, in each case (except for clauses (vi), (viii) or (ix) or with the Companys prior written consent) on the condition
that prior to such registration for Transfer, the security agent shall be presented with written documentation pursuant to which each
transferee or the trustee or legal guardian for such permitted transferee agrees to be bound by the transfer restrictions contained in
any applicable agreement the transferor is bound by.

6. In order to minimize potential
conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, except as otherwise provided in the Registration Statement, each Insider
agrees to present to the Company for its consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity
to acquire a target business, until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the
Company, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations the undersigned might have. Each Insider has full right and
power, without violating any agreement to which it, he or she is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation
agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this letter agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer of the
Company or as a director on the board of directors of the Company and each Insider hereby consents to being named in the Registration
Statement as an officer and/or director of the Company, as applicable.

7. Each Insider acknowledges
and agrees that prior to entering into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with any Insiders of the Company
or their affiliates, including any company that is a portfolio company of, or otherwise affiliated with, or has received financial investment
from, an entity with which any Insider or their affiliates is affiliated, such transaction must be approved by a majority of the Companys
disinterested independent directors and the Company must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that such Business
Combination is fair to the Companys unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view.

3

8. Neither each Insider, any
member of the family of such Insider, nor any affiliate of the undersigned will be entitled to receive and will not accept any compensation
or other cash payment prior to, or for services rendered in connection with, the consummation of the Business Combination; provided that
the Company shall be allowed to repay working capital loans made by the undersigned or their respective affiliates/designees to the Company
in cash upon consummation of the Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Insider and any affiliate of such Insider shall
be entitled to reimbursement from the Company for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying, investigating
and consummating a Business Combination.

9. Neither each Insider, any
member of the family of such Insider, nor any affiliate of such Insider will be entitled to receive or accept a finders fee or
any other compensation in the event the Insider, any member of the family of the Insider or any affiliate of the Insider originates a
Business Combination.

10. The undersigned, as applicable,
agrees to be a director/officer of the Company until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation
of the Company. Such undersigneds biographical information previously furnished to the Company and the Representative is true and
accurate in all material respects, does not omit any material information with respect to the undersigneds biography and contains
all of the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.
Such undersigneds FINRA Questionnaire previously furnished to the Company and the Representative is true and accurate in all material
respects. Such undersigned represents and warrants that:

(a) He, she or it has never had a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law been filed by or against (i) him, her or it, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of filing; or (ii) any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing;

(b) He, she or it has never had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer been appointed by a court for his business or property, or any such partnership;

(c) He, she or it has never been convicted of fraud in a civil or criminal proceeding;

(d) He, she or it has never been convicted in a criminal proceeding or named the subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and minor offenses);

(e) He, she or it has never been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining or otherwise limiting him, her or it from (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity; or (ii) engaging in any type of business practice; or (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities or federal commodities laws;

4

(f) He, she, or it has never been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days his, her or its right to engage in any activity described in 10(e)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

(g) He, she, or it has never been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any federal or state securities law, where the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;

(h) He, she, or it has never been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the CFTC to have violated any federal commodities law, where the judgment in such civil action or finding by the CFTC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated;

(i) He, she, or it has never been the subject of, or a party to, any Federal, State or foreign judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal, State or foreign securities or commodities law or regulation, (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and desist order, or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity;

(j) He, she or it has never been the subject of, or party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member;

(k) He, she or it has never been convicted of any felony or misdemeanor: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security; (ii) involving the making of any false filing with the SEC; or (iii) arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment advisor or paid solicitor of purchasers of securities;

(l) He, she or it was never subject to a final order of a state or foreign securities commission (or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state or foreign authority that supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or credit unions; a state or foreign insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a state performing like functions); an appropriate federal or foreign banking agency; the CFTC; or the National Credit Union Administration that is based on a violation of any law or regulation that prohibits fraudulent, manipulative, or deceptive conduct;

5

(m) He, she or it has never been subject to any order, judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, that, at the time of the sale of the Units, restrained or enjoined him, her or it from engaging or continuing to engage in any conduct or practice: (i) in connection with the purchase or sale of any security; (ii) involving the making of any false filing with the SEC or any foreign regulatory agency with similar functions; or (iii) arising out of the conduct of the business of an underwriter, broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer, investment adviser or paid solicitor of purchasers of securities;

(n) He, she or it has never been subject to any order of the SEC or any foreign regulatory agency with similar functions that orders him, her or it to cease and desist from committing or causing a future violation of: (i) any scienter-based anti-fraud provision of the federal securities laws, including, but not limited to, Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Act, Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, Section 15(c) and Section 206(1) of the Advisers Act or any other rule or regulation thereunder; or (ii) Section 5 of the Securities Act;

(o) He, she or it has never filed (as a registrant or issuer), or been named as an underwriter in any registration statement or Regulation A offering statement filed with the SEC that was the subject of a refusal order, stop order, or order suspending the Regulation A exemption, or is, currently, the subject of an investigation or proceeding to determine whether a stop order or suspension order should be issued;

(p) He, she or it has never been subject to a United States Postal Service false representation order, or is currently subject to a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction with respect to conduct alleged by the United States Postal Service to constitute a scheme or device for obtaining money or property through the mail by means of false representations;

(q) He, she or it is not subject to a final order of a state securities commission (or an agency of officer of a state performing like functions); a state authority that supervises or examines banks, savings associations, or credit unions; a state insurance commission (or an agency or officer of a state performing like functions); an appropriate federal banking agency; the CFTC; or the National Credit Union Administration that bars the undersigned from: (i) association with an entity regulated by such commission, authority, agency or officer; (ii) engaging in the business of securities, insurance or banking; or (iii) engaging in savings association or credit union activities;

(r) He, she or it is not subject to an order of the SEC entered pursuant to section 15(b) or 15B(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) or section 203(e) or 203(f) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act) that: (i) suspends or revokes the undersigneds registration as a broker, dealer, municipal securities dealer or investment adviser; (ii) places limitations on the activities, functions or operations of, or imposes civil money penalties on, such person; or (iii) bars the undersigned from being associated with any entity or from participating in the offering of any penny stock; and

(s) He, she or it has never been suspended or expelled from membership in, or suspended or barred from association with a member of, a securities self-regulatory organization (e.g., a registered national securities exchange or a registered national or affiliated securities association) for any act or omission to act constituting conduct inconsistent with just and equitable principles of trade.

6

11. The undersigned hereby
waives his, her or its right to exercise redemption rights with respect to any Ordinary Shares owned or to be owned by the undersigned,
directly or indirectly (or to sell such shares to the Company in a tender offer), whether purchased by the undersigned prior to the IPO,
in the IPO or in the aftermarket, and agrees that he, she or it will not seek redemption with respect to or otherwise sell, such shares
(i) in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company obligation to allow redemption
in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Prescribed Period, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within Prescribed Period
or if the Company liquidates prior to the expiration of the Prescribed Period.

12. The undersigned hereby
agrees to not propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
that would (i) that would modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemptions in connection with its
initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business
Combination within the Prescribed Period provided in the Companys amended and Restated Articles of association or (ii) with respect
to any other material provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company
provides public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Fund in
connection with any such vote.

13. In connection with Section
5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, this letter agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law that would result in the application of the substantive
law of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that any action, proceeding or claim arising out of or relating in any way to this
letter agreement shall be resolved through final and binding arbitration in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association (AAA). The arbitration shall be brought before the AAA International Center
for Dispute Resolutions offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted in English and will be decided by a panel of three
arbitrators selected from the AAA Commercial Disputes Panel and that the arbitrator panels decision shall be final and enforceable
by any court having jurisdiction over the party from whom enforcement is sought. The cost of such arbitrators and arbitration services,
together with the prevailing partys legal fees and expenses, shall be borne by the non-prevailing party or as otherwise directed
by the arbitrators.

14. As used herein, (i) a
Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Insiders shall
mean all officers, directors and shareholders of the Company immediately prior to the IPO; (iii) Insider Shares
shall mean 1,725,000 Ordinary Shares of the Company acquired by an Insider prior to the IPO (up to 225,000 shares of which are subject
to complete or partial forfeiture by the Insiders if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the Underwriters) for an aggregate
purchase price of $25,000 and any Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Units (the Private Shares); (iv)
IPO Shares shall mean the Ordinary Shares to be issued in the Companys IPO; (v) Private
Units shall mean (x) the Units purchased by the Sponsor in the private placement taking place simultaneously with the consummation
of the Companys IPO and (y) the additional Units that may be purchased by the Sponsor in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment
option by the Underwriters in the IPO as described in the Registration Statement; (vi) Registration Statement
means the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with respect to the IPO; (vii) Sponsor shall
mean Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, a British Virgin Islands company; (viii) Trust Fund shall mean
the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Companys IPO will be deposited; (ix) Working Capital
Units shall mean private units issuable upon conversion of working capital loans up to $3,000,000, at $10.00 per unit,
upon the consummation of a Business Combination; and (x) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract
or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly
or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent
position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder with any
respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise,
or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

7

15. Any notice, consent or
request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by
express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile transmission.

If to the Company:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Attn: Fen Zhang, Chief Executive Officer

with a copy (which copy shall not constitute
notice) to:

Robinson & Cole LLP

Chrysler East Building

666 Third Avenue, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Arila E. Zhou, Esq.

Email: azhou@rc.com

16. No party hereto may assign
either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other
party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign
any interest or title to the purported assignee. This letter agreement shall be binding on the parties hereto and any successors and assigns
thereof.

17. This letter agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to
the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This letter agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived
(other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

18. Each Insider hereby agrees
and acknowledges that: (i) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a material breach by
each Insider of its obligations (as applicable) under this letter agreement, (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such
breach and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have
in law or in equity, in the event of such breach. The undersigned acknowledges and understands that the Underwriters and the Company will
rely upon the agreements, representations and warranties set forth herein in proceeding with the IPO. Nothing contained herein shall be
deemed to render the Underwriters a representative of, or a fiduciary with respect to, the Company, its shareholders or any creditor or
vendor of the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

8

Sincerely,

Columbus Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Hercules Capital Management VII Corp

By: /s/Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Sole Director

/s/ Fen Zhang

Fen Zhang

/s/ Jie Hu

Jie Hu

/s/ M. Anthony Wong.

M. Anthony Wong.

/s/ Kevin McKenzie

Kevin McKenzie

/s/ Qian Xu

Qian Xu

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement - Columbus
Acquisition Corp]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex10-6_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INDEMNITY AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Execution Version

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Agreement, made and entered
into effective as of January 22, 2025 (Agreement), by and between Columbus Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company
(Company), and the undersigned indemnitee (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the adoption of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other laws, rules and regulations being promulgated have increased the potential for liability of officers
and directors; and

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of the Company (Board) has determined that the ability to attract and retain such persons is in the best interests of the
Companys shareholders; and

WHEREAS, it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses
on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the
Company free from undue concern that they will not be adequately indemnified; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
a supplement to and in furtherance of the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto and shall neither be deemed to
be a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing
to serve on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the covenants contained herein, and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of January 22, 2025,
the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

1.1 Change in Control
means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required to be reported in response
to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting
requirement provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if after the date hereof
(i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a person who is an officer
or director of the Company on the date hereof (and any of such persons affiliates), is or becomes beneficial owner
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50% or more of the
combined voting power of the then issued and outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval of at least two-thirds of
the members of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party to
a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which (A) members of the Board
in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter or (B) the voting securities
of the Company issued and outstanding immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding
or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities
of the surviving entity issued and outstanding immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority of the board
of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at
the beginning of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election
by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors
at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute
at least a majority of the Board.

1.2 Corporate Status
means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of
the Company. In addition, service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to
be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of any other enterprise
if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or
at the time of such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit
plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the
Company directly or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve
in such capacity

1.3 Disinterested Director
means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

1.4 Expenses
means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state,
local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other disbursements
or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

Expenses also shall include
Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the principal, premium, security
for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not
include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

1.5 Independent Counsel
means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past
five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either such party (other than
with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements),
or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term
Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing,
would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights
under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall be selected by (a) the
Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if (a) and (b) above are
not possible, then by a majority of the full Board.

2

1.6 Proceeding
means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding,
whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except
one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce his rights under this Agreement.

2. Services by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees to serve
as a director, officer or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to
any other contractual obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law).

3. Indemnification - General. 

Except with respect to actions
finally adjudicated to be a result of actual fraud or intentional misconduct of the Indemnitee, the Company shall indemnify, and, subject
to Section 26 hereof, advance Expenses to, Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
in effect on the date hereof and to such greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time
to time permit. The rights of Indemnitee provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights
set forth in the other Sections of this Agreement.

4. Proceedings Other Than Proceedings
by or in the Right of the Company. 

Indemnitee shall be entitled
to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he is, was or is threatened to be made,
a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with any such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter
therein, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company,
and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; provided, in no event shall
Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional
misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless
or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

5. Proceedings by or in the Right of
the Company. 

Indemnitee shall be entitled
to the rights of indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his Corporate Status, he was or is threatened to be made,
a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor.
Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement and Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding if he acted
in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened or pending Proceeding which is settled
or otherwise disposed of, or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Company,
unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought, was brought or is pending, shall determine,
upon application, that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount and Expenses
as the court deems proper.

3

6. Indemnification for Expenses of Party
Who is Wholly or Partly Successful. 

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a party
to and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses (and, when eligible
hereunder, amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee
is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims,
issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses (and, when eligible hereunder, amount
paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue
or matter. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes, but is not limited
to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express
finding of liability or guilt against him, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding
without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement.

7. Indemnification for Expenses as a
Witness. 

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness
in any Proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection
therewith.

8. Advancement of Expenses and Other Amounts.

Subject to Section 26 hereof,
the Company shall advance all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement, incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement
or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such
Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in
settlement, incurred by Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by an agreement by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay
any Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement.
In connection with any request for advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, Indemnitee shall
not be required to provide any documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize
attorney-client privilege. The Companys obligation in respect of the advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement in connection with a criminal Proceeding in which Indemnitee is a defendant shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee
pleads guilty or is convicted after trial and such conviction becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured
and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay such amounts and without regard to Indemnitees
ultimate entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement.

4

9. Procedure for Determination of Entitlement
to Indemnification. 

9.1 To obtain indemnification
under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written
request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably
necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly
upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

9.2 Upon written request by
Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees
entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent Counsel (unless Indemnitee
shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the shareholders, in which case in the manner provided for in clauses (ii)
or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; (ii) if a Change of
Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested
Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, by a majority of a committee of the
Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which
shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the shareholders of the Company, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of shareholders
who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are not parties to such
proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 of this Agreement. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect
to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which
indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be
made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination
with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable
advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably
available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements)
incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective
of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee
harmless therefrom.

9.3 If a Change of Control
shall have occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made
by the Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity
of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within seven days after such
written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to
such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the
factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel
unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after submission by Indemnitee of a written
request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either
the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution of any objection which shall have been made
by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of
a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection
is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all
reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with its actions pursuant to this
Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 9.3, regardless of the
manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. Upon the due commencement date of any judicial proceeding pursuant
to Section 11.1(iii) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity
(subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

5

10. Presumptions and Effects of Certain Proceedings.

10.1 In making a determination
with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance
with Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear and convincing
evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the
failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable
standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has
not met the applicable standard of conduct.

10.2 If the person, persons
or entity empowered or selected under Section 9 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall
not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i)
a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not
materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable
law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional thirty (30) days, if
the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional
time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto; and provided, further, however, that the foregoing
provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders
pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination
the Board has resolved to submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held
within 75 days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15
days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having
been so called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement. In connection with each meeting at which a shareholders determination will
be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The Company shall
afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for indemnification in any Company
proxy statement relating to such shareholders determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its members under applicable law, the
Board will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating to the proposal to indemnify or reimburse
the Indemnitee.

10.3 The termination of any
Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or
its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee
to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause
to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

6

10.4 For purposes of this
Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct
was unlawful, if his action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another enterprise, including financial
statements, (ii) information supplied to him by the officers of the Company or another enterprise in the course of their duties, (iii)
the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified public accountant or an appraiser or
other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in
this Section shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which
the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent. The provisions
of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnitee may be deemed
to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth herein. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.4 are satisfied,
it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe
Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of
persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

10.5 The knowledge and/or
actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of
the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

11. Remedies of Indemnitee.

11.1 In the event that (i)
a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement,
(ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination of indemnification is
to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and such determination shall not have been made and delivered
in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification
is not made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor,
or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be
entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of New York, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction, of his
entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid
in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

11.2 In the event that a determination
shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding
commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced
by reason of that adverse determination.

11.3 If a determination shall
have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section, absent (i) a misstatement
by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading,
in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

7

11.4 The Company shall be
precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement
are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

11.5 In the event that Indemnitee,
pursuant to this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any
other agreement, including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any provision of the Companys Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors and officers
liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company, and shall be indemnified
by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by
him in such judicial adjudication, but only if he prevails therein. If it shall be determined in such judicial adjudication that Indemnitee
is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the expenses incurred by Indemnitee in
connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company shall, if so requested by Indemnitee,
advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8.

12. Procedure Regarding Indemnification. 

With respect to any Proceedings,
the Indemnitee, prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company as to the procedure to be followed
in defending, settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise of the Proceeding without the
written consent of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall be entitled to participate
in defending, settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel of its choice and shall
assume such defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of, the Company to assume the defense
of a Proceeding, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel of Indemnitees
choice, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel
has been authorized in writing by the Company, or (ii) the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to
him which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right
to direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee), in either of which events the fees and expenses of not more than
one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Indemnitee shall be borne by the Company. If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding,
then counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send
to Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding
without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall
be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof.

13. Non-Exclusivity; Survival of Rights;
Insurance; Subrogation; Contribution. 

13.1 The rights of indemnification
and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee
may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, any
agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or
any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate
Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law and the Companys Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless
or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically
be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the
Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive
of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

8

13.2 To the extent that the
Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries
of the Company or of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person
serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to
the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under such policy or policies.
If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness,
deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice
of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding
in accordance with the terms of such policies.

13.3 In the event of any payment
under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who
shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are reasonably
necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

13.4 The Company shall not
be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has
otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

13.5 If a determination is
made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under this Agreement, then
in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the Indemnitee (or would
be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and
the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of the Company on the one
hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts
paid in settlement, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the
Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments, fines or amounts paid in
settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were determined by pro
rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations. The determination
as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application of both the
Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court); (ii) the
Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not obtainable
for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs.

14. Duration of Agreement. 

This Agreement shall continue
until and terminate upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director and/or
officer of the Company, or (b) the final termination of all pending Proceedings in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification
or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement hereunder and or any proceeding commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure
to the benefit of Indemnitee and his spouse, heirs, executors, personal representatives and administrators. The Company shall require
and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a
substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform if no such succession had taken place.

9

15. Severability. 

If any provision or provisions
of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary
to conform to applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and to give the
maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including,
without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

16. Entire Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements,
understanding, negotiations and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter (the
Prior Agreements); provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable for any reasons whatsoever,
and is not reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded any Prior Agreements;
(ii) all of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this Agreement; and
(iii) the Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements, as well as those provided
under applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, a vote of shareholders or resolution
of directors.

17. Exception to Right of Indemnification or
Advancement of Expenses.

17.1 Except as provided in
Section 11.5, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts
paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or made by him against the Company.

17.2 Indemnitee shall not
be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or Company similar successor
statute.

10

18. Covenant Not to Sue; Limitation of Actions;
Release of Claims.

No legal action shall be brought
and no cause of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, his spouse,
heirs, executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause
of action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished and deemed released unless
asserted by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitation
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

19. Identical Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same Agreement.

20. Headings.

The headings of the paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction
thereof.

21. Modification and Waiver.

No supplement, modification
or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such
waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

22. Notice by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees promptly
to notify the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document
relating any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts
paid in settlement covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver of Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to be paid by the Company
to be greater than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Companys ability to obtain for itself or Indemnitee
coverage or proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results in prejudice to the
Company.

11

23. Notices.

All notices, requests, demands
and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted
for by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail
with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

If to Indemnitee, to:

c/o Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

If to the Company, to:

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

or to such other address or such other person
as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except that notices regarding changes in notices
shall be effective only upon receipt.

24. Governing Law.

The parties agree that this
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts
made and performed in that state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby
irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts within the State for all purposes
in connection with any action or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any action instituted under
this Agreement shall be brought only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any New York State
court within that District.

25. Mutual Acknowledgment.

Both the Company and Indemnitee
acknowledge that, in certain instances, Federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors
and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be required
in the future in certain circumstances to undertake with the Securities and Exchange Commission to submit the question of indemnification
to a court for a determination of the Companys right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

26. Waiver of Claims to Trust Account.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim)
in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of
the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly,
Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the
Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates a Business
Combination.

27. Miscellaneous.

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed
to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate.

[Signature Page Follows]

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

COLUMBUS ACQUISITION CORP 

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Fen Zhang

Fen Zhang

/s/ Jie Hu

Jie Hu

/s/ M. Anthony Wong

M. Anthony Wong

/s/ Kevin McKenzie

Kevin McKenzie

/s/ Qian Xu

Qian Xu

[Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement]

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex10-7_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE SPONSOR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

Execution Version

Columbus Acquisition Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

January 22, 2025

Hercules Capital Management VII Corp

14 Prudential Tower

Singapore, 049712

Re: Administrative Service
Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement by and
between Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company) and Hercules Capital Management VII Corp (the Sponsor), dated
as of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the effective date of the Companys Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement) in connection with the Companys initial public offering (the Start
Date), and continuing until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Companys
liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination
Date):

(i) The Sponsor shall make
available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, at 14 Prudential Tower Singapore, 049712 (or any successor location of the Sponsor),
certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefor,
the Company shall pay to the Sponsor the sum of $10,000 per month on the Start Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination
Date;

(ii) The Sponsor hereby agrees
that the Company may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by the Companys audit committee that the Company lacks
sufficient funds held outside the Trust Account (defined below) to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with the Companys
initial business combination as described in the Registration Statement. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due
and payable no later than the date of the consummation of the Companys initial business combination; and

(iii) The Sponsor hereby irrevocably
waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement
(each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account established
for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys initial
public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account) as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement, and hereby
irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account
or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of
any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter
hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This letter agreement may
not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign
either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other
party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign
any interest or title to the purported assignee.

This letter agreement constitutes
the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law
or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to its choice of law principles.

[Signature Page Follows]

2

Very truly yours,

Columbus Acquisition Corp

By: /s/ Fen Zhang

Name: Fen Zhang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 

Hercules Capital Management VII Corp 

By: /s/ Fen Zhang 

Name: Fen Zhang 

Title: Director 

[Signature Page to Administrative Service Agreement]

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex99-1_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 22, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Columbus
Acquisition Corp Announces Pricing of $60 Million Initial Public Offering

New
York, Jan. 22, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company), a blank check company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 6,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit. Each
unit consists of one ordinary share and one right to receive one-seventh of one ordinary share upon consummation of an initial business
combination. The units are expected to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market (NASDAQ) under the ticker symbol COLAU
beginning January 23, 2025. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and rights are expected
to be listed on NASDAQ under the symbols COLA and COLAR, respectively. The offering is expected to close
on January 24, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

The
Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 900,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments,
if any.

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners is acting as the sole book-running manager for the offering. The Benchmark Company, LLC is acting as the co-manager for
the offering.

A
registration statement relating to the securities, as amended (File No. 333-283278) was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 22, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus forming part
of the effective registration statement. Electronic copies of the prospectus may be obtained from A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners,
590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email at prospectus@allianceg.com or by
visiting EDGAR on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. No securities regulatory authority has either approved or disapproved of the contents
of this press release.

About
Columbus Acquisition Corp

The
Company is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, sponsored by Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, formed for the
purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company intends to identify a prospective target business which will not be
limited to a particular industry or geographic location.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the initial public
offering and search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed
on the terms described, or at all, or that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are
subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section
of the Company's registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the initial public offering filed with the SEC. Copies are available
on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after
the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contacts:

Columbus
Acquisition Corp

Fen Zhang

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Email: eric.zhang@hercules.global

Tel: (+1) 949 899 1827
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea022873901ex99-2_columbus.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Columbus
Acquisition Corp Announces Closing of $60 Million Initial Public Offering

New
York, Jan. 24, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Columbus Acquisition Corp (the Company), a blank check company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands, today announced the closing of its initial public offering of 6,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit for
aggregate gross proceeds of $60 million. Each unit consists of one ordinary share and one right to receive one-seventh of one ordinary
share upon consummation of an initial business combination.

The
units commenced trading on The Nasdaq Global Market (NASDAQ) under the ticker symbol COLAU on January 23,
2025. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and rights will be listed on NASDAQ under
the symbols COLA and COLAR, respectively.

A.G.P./Alliance
Global Partners acted as the sole book-running manager for the offering. The Benchmark Company, LLC acted as the co-manager for the offering.

The
Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 900,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments,
if any.

Robinson
& Cole LLP served as the U.S. counsel to Columbus Acquisition Corp and Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP served as the U.S. counsel
to the representative of the underwriters in this offering.

A
registration statement relating to these securities was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on January 22, 2025. The offering has been made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained from A.G.P./Alliance Global
Partners, 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 624-2060, or by email at prospectus@allianceg.com or
by visiting EDGAR on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. No securities regulatory authority has either approved or disapproved of the contents
of this press release.

About
Columbus Acquisition Corp

The
Company is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, sponsored by Hercules Capital Management VII Corp, formed for the
purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company intends to identify a prospective target business which will not be
limited to a particular industry or geographic location.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the initial public
offering, the underwriters exercise of over-allotment option, the anticipated use of the net proceeds thereof and the Companys
search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated.
Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set
forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and prospectus for the initial public offering filed
with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these
statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contacts:

Fen Zhang

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Email: eric.zhang@hercules.global

Tel: (+1) 949 899 1827
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>