<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008931.txt : 20250303
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008931.hdr.sgml : 20250303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303173003
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008931
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BioSig Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				264333375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38659
		FILM NUMBER:		25699797

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 GREENS FARMS ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 409-5444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		55 GREENS FARMS ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000153076600015307662025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

BioSig
Technologies, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38659 26-4333375

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer 

Identification No.)

12424
Wilshire Blvd, Ste 745

Los
Angeles, California 90025

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(203)409-5444

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share BSGM N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 28, 2025 (the Effective Date), BioSig Technologies, Inc.. (the Company) entered into a Equity Subscription
Agreement (the Subscription Agreement) with Lind Global Fund III, LP (the Investor).

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor from time to time (each such
occurrence, an Advance) up to $5.0 million (the Commitment Amount) of the Companys common stock, $0.001
par value per share (Common Stock), during the 36 months following the execution of the Subscription Agreement, subject
to (a) an overall cap of 10,000,000 shares and (b) the restrictions and satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Subscription
Agreement. The Company is under no obligation to sell any of its Common Stock to the Investor under the Subscription Agreement. At the
Companys option, the shares of Common Stock would be purchased by the Investor from time to time at a price (the Market
Price) equal to 95% of the lowest of the daily VWAPs (as hereinafter defined) during a five (or such other period as the Company
and the Investor may agree) consecutive trading day period commencing on the date that the Company delivers a notice to the Investor
(an Advance Notice) that the Company is requiring the Investor to purchase a specified number of shares of Common Stock
(the Advance Shares). The Company may also specify a minimum acceptable price per share in each Advance. VWAP
means, for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Companys Common Stock for such trading day on the Nasdaq
Stock Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock that the Company may require the Investor to
purchase in any Advance is an number equal to 66.667% of the average daily volume of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market during
the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of the Advance Notice; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing limitation,
in any period of 30 consecutive days, the total number of Advance Shares that the Company may sell to the Investor may be up to 0.5%
of the quotient of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the date of the Advance divided by the Market Price determined
for such Advance.

The
Company will control the timing and amount of any sales of Common Stock to the Investor. Actual sales of Common Stock to the Investor
under the Subscription Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company and its management from time to
time, which may include, among other things, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and determinations by the Company
and its management as to the appropriate sources of funding for the Companys business and operations. There can be no assurance
that the Company will sell any shares of Common Stock or receive any proceeds therefrom under the Subscription Agreement.

As
consideration for the Investors irrevocable commitment (subject to the conditions set forth in the Subscription Agreement) to
purchase the Companys Common Stock up to the Commitment Amount, the Company agreed to issue 108,542 shares of Common Stock
(the Commitment Shares) to the Investor. The Company had previously advanced to the Investor $10,000 to cover certain expenses
related to the Subscription Agreement.

Under
the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq Rules) and pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, in no
event may the Company issue or sell to the Investor shares of Common Stock in excess of 4,605,765 shares (the Exchange Cap),
which is 19.99% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the execution of the Subscription Agreement, unless (i)
the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap, (ii) the average price of all
applicable sales of Common Stock under the Subscription Agreement equals or exceeds $0.88 per share (which represents the lower of (i)
the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) on the trading day immediately preceding the Effective Date or (ii) the
average Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Common Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five trading days immediately preceding
the Effective Date), or (c) as to any Advance, the issuance of the shares in respect of such Advance would be excluded from the Exchange
Cap under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or interpretive guidance provided by the Nasdaq Stock Market with respect thereto) in
effect as of the date of determination. The Company may, but is not obligated to, seek approval from its stockholders to issue shares
of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap.

Pursuant
to the Subscription Agreement, the Investor will not be obligated to purchase or acquire any shares of Common Stock under the Subscription
Agreement which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Investor and its affiliates, would exceed
result in the beneficial ownership of the Investor and its affiliates (on an aggregated basis) exceeding 4.99% of the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such purchase or acquisition (provided that the Investor, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the foregoing percentage, but not above 9.99%, and that any increase in such percentage shall
not be effective until the 61st day after notice is delivered to the Company.

2

The
Investors obligation to purchase the Companys shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Subscription Agreement is subject
to a number of conditions, including that the Company file a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (the Registration
Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), registering the issuance and sale of the Commitment
Shares and the Advance Shares to be issued and sold pursuant to an Advance under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and that the Registration Statement be declared effective by the SEC.

The
foregoing description of the Subscription Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and which is incorporated herein in its entirety by reference. The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in such agreements were made only for purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the
benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there
be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Item
3.02. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

In
the Subscription Agreement, the Investor represented to the Company, among other things, that it is an accredited investor
(as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)).
The shares of Common Stock to be issued and sold under the Subscription Agreement are being issued and sold by the Company to the Investor
in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item
9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1 Equity Subscription Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, between the Company and Lind Global Fund III, LP

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File - the cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BIOSIG
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Date:
March 3, 2025 By: /s/
Anthony Amato

Name: Anthony
Amato

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EQUITY
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

THIS
EQUITY SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement)
dated as of February 28, 2025, is made by and between Lind Global Fund III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor),
and BioSig Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). The Investor and the Company may be
referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall have the right to issue and
sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000 million) (the Commitment Amount) of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (the Common Shares);

WHEREAS,
the Common Shares are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BSGM;

WHEREAS,
the offer and sale of the Common Shares issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon the safe harbor set forth under Regulation D,
or upon such other exemption or safe harbor from the registration requirements under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act), and the safe harbor set forth under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereunder, or upon
such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the transactions
to be made hereunder; and

WHEREAS,
in consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company may issue to the Investor the Commitment
Shares as provided herein;

NOW,
THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:

Article
I. Article I. Certain Definitions

Additional
Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(ii).

Adjusted
Advance Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(i).

Advance
means any issuance and sale of Advance Shares by the Company to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement.

Advance
Date means the first Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

Advance
Notice means a written notice in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an
officer or other authorized representative of the Company and setting forth the number of Advance Shares that the Company desires to
issue and sell to the Investor.

Advance
Notice Date means each date the Company is deemed to have delivered (in accordance with Section 2.01(b) of this Agreement)
an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Advance
Shares means the Common Shares that the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice delivered
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Affiliate
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.09.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Applicable
Laws means all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, rulings, injunctions, executive orders, directives,
policies, guidelines and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including,
without limitation, (i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and reporting,
(ii) all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United
States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

Average
Price means a price per Share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate gross purchase price paid by the
Investor for all Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, by (ii) the aggregate number of Advance Shares issued pursuant to this
Agreement; provided that for this purpose the purchase gross price paid by the Investor for each Commitment Share shall be deemed to
be $0.00.

Black
Out Period has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(a).

Broker-Dealer
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.21.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by Applicable Laws to close.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.

Commitment
Amount has the meaning set forth in the Recitals above.

Commitment
Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 12.04.

Commitment
Period means the period commencing on the Effective Date and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement in accordance
with Section 10.01.

2

Commitment
Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 12.04.

Common
Shares has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Company
Indemnitees has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

Condition
Satisfaction Date has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

Current
Report has the meaning set forth in Section 6.11.

Daily
Traded Amount means the daily trading volume of the Common Shares on the Principal Market during regular trading hours as
reported by Bloomberg L.P.

Dollar
or $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

DTC
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(b).

DWAC
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(b).

Effective
Date means the date of this Agreement.

Environmental
Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Exchange
Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(iii).

Excluded
Day has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d)(i).

GAAP
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.06.

Hazardous
Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Indemnified
Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Investor
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor
Indemnitees has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Market
Price shall mean the lowest of the daily VWAPs of the Common Shares during the relevant Pricing Period, other than the daily
VWAP on any Excluded Days.

3

Material
Adverse Effect means, with respect to any event, occurrence or condition, (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity
or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse
effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement.

Material
Outside Event has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.

Maximum
Advance Amount in respect of each Advance Notice means an amount equal to 66.667% of the average of the Daily Traded Amount
during the five consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding an Advance Notice; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing limitation,
in any period of 30 consecutive days, the total number of Advance Shares that the Company may sell to the Investor may be up to 0.5%
of the quotient of the number of Common Shares outstanding on the Advance Date divided by the Market Price determined for such Advance
Date.

Minimum
Acceptable Price means the minimum price notified by the Company to the Investor in each Advance Notice, if applicable.

Nasdaq
means The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

OFAC
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.27.

Ownership
Limitation has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(i).

Person
means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization, including a
government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Plan
of Distribution means the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Shares.

Pricing
Period shall mean the five (5) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Advance Notice Date, unless otherwise agreed between
the Parties.

Principal
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market; provided however, that in the event the Common Shares are ever listed or traded
on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American, then the Principal
Market means such other market or exchange on which the Common Shares are then listed or traded to the extent such other market
or exchange is the principal trading market or exchange for the Common Shares.

4

Prospectus
means any prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used by the Company in connection with a
Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means any prospectus supplement to a Prospectus filed with the SEC from time to time pursuant to Rule 424(b) under
the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, including, without limitation, any prospectus supplement
to be filed in accordance with Section 6.01 hereof.

Purchase
Price means the price per Advance Share obtained by multiplying the Market Price by 95%.

Registrable
Securities means (i) the Shares and (ii) any securities issued or issuable with respect to the Shares by way of exchange,
stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization
or otherwise.

Registration
Limitation has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(c)(ii).

Registration
Statement means a registration statement (including any documents incorporated by reference therein) on Form S-1 or Form S-3
or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which the Company then qualifies and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate,
and which form shall be available for the registration of the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities
Act, which registration statement provides for the resale from time to time of the Shares as provided herein.

Regulation
D means the provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule
506(d) Event means any event specified in Rule 506(d)(1) of Regulation D.

Sanctions
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.26.

Sanctioned
Countries has the meaning set forth in Section 4.26.

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC
Documents means all reports, schedules, forms, statements, and other documents required to be filed by the Company with the
SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, including all such documents filed both prior to and subsequent to the date of this Agreement.

Securities
Act has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Settlement
Document has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

Shares
means the Commitment Shares and the Advance Shares to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance.

5

Subsidiary
means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority
of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or
administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

Trading
Day means any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Transaction
Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by
any of the Parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

VWAP
means, for any Trading Day or specified period, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the Principal Market, for such
specified period as reported by Bloomberg L.P. through its AQR function.

Article
II. Advances

Section
2.01 Advances; Mechanics. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the
Company, at its sole and exclusive discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investor, and the
Investor shall purchase from the Company, Advance Shares by the delivery to the Investor of Advance Notices on the following terms:

(a) Advance
Notice. At any time during the Commitment Period the Company may, in its sole discretion,
require the Investor to purchase Shares by delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor,
subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Investor of the conditions set forth in Section
7.01, and in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) The
Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the number of Advance Shares, not to exceed
the Maximum Advance Amount (unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and the
Investor), it desires to issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance Notice, the time
it desires to deliver each Advance Notice, and the Pricing Period to be used.

(ii) There
shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and there shall be no non-usage fee for not utilizing
the Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

(iii) In
connection with each Advance Notice, the Company shall provide irrevocable instructions to
the Companys transfer agent (in a form to be agreed by the Parties prior to the delivery
of the first Advance Notice) to issue and deliver to the Investor a number of Advance Shares
as set forth in the Settlement Document (as defined below), which number shall be equal to
no greater than the number of Common Shares that the Company elected to sell to the Investor
in such Advance Notice, upon receipt of the purchase price by the Company for such Advance
Shares in cash in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in
writing.

6

(b) Date
of Delivery of Advance Notice. Advance Notices shall be delivered in accordance with the
instructions set forth on the bottom of Exhibit A attached hereto. An Advance Notice shall
be deemed delivered on (i) the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is received
by e-mail at or before 9:00 a.m. New York City time (or at such later time if agreed to by
the Investor in its sole discretion), or (ii) the immediately succeeding day if it is received
by e-mail after 9:00 a.m. New York City time. Upon receipt of an Advance Notice, the Investor
shall promptly provide written confirmation (which may be by e-mail) of receipt of such Advance
Notice, and which confirmation shall specify the commencement time of the applicable Pricing
Period.

(c) Advance
Limitations, Regulatory. Regardless of the number of Advance Shares requested by the Company
in an Advance Notice, the final number of Advance Shares to be issued and sold pursuant to
such Advance Notice shall be reduced (if at all) in accordance with each of the following
limitations:

(i) Ownership
Limitation; Commitment Amount. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
the maximum aggregate number of Advance Shares that the Company may require the Investor
to purchase under this Agreement pursuant to all Advances is 10,000,000 shares ( the Share
Cap). At the request of the Company, the Investor shall inform the Company of
the number of Common Shares the Investor and each of its Affiliates beneficially owns. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Investor shall not be obligated
to purchase or acquire, and shall not purchase or acquire, any Common Shares under this Agreement
which, when aggregated with all other Common Shares beneficially owned by the Investor and
its Affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3
promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Investor and its
Affiliates (on an aggregated basis) of a number of Common Shares exceeding 4.99% of the number
of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such purchase or acquisition
(provided that the Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the foregoing
percentage, provided further that such percentage shall in no event exceed 9.99%, and that
any increase in such percentage shall not be effective until the 61st day after such notice
is delivered to the Company). (the Ownership Limitation). Upon the request
of the Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than the next Business Day following
such request on which the transfer agent for the Common Shares is open for business) confirm
orally or in writing to the Investor the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In connection
with each Advance Notice delivered by the Company, any portion of an Advance that would (i)
cause the Investor to exceed the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the aggregate number
of Shares issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed the Commitment Amount or the
Share Cap shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company,
and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the number of Advance
Shares requested by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that, in the event
of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly notify
the Company of such event.

7

(ii) Registration
Limitation. In no event shall an Advance exceed the number of Common Shares registered
in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby under the Registration Statement then
in effect (the Registration Limitation). In connection with each Advance
Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Registration Limitation shall automatically
be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall
be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance
by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of such Advance Notice; provided
that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor
will promptly notify the Company of such event.

(iii) Compliance
with Rules of Principal Market. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the
Company shall not effect any sales under this Agreement and the Investor shall not have the
obligation to purchase Advance Shares under this Agreement to the extent (but only to the
extent) that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of Shares
issued under this Agreement would exceed 4,605,765 (representing 19.99% of the aggregate
number of Shares issued and outstanding as of the Effective Date (subject to adjustment for
any stock splits, combinations or the like)), calculated in accordance with the rules of
the Principal Market, which number shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number
of Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series of transactions
that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the applicable
rules of the Principal Market (such maximum number of shares, the Exchange Cap);
provided that the Exchange Cap will not apply if (a) the Companys stockholders
have approved the issuance of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement in excess of the Exchange
Cap in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market, (b) the Average Price of all applicable
sales of Shares hereunder (including any sales covered by an Advance Notice that has been
delivered prior to the determination of whether this clause (b) applies) equals or exceed
$0.88 per share (which represents the lower of (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as
reflected on nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the Effective Date and (ii) the average
Nasdaq Official Closing Price for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the Effective
Date), or (c) as to any Advance, the issuance of Advance Shares in respect of such Advance
would be excluded from the Exchange Cap under the rules of the Principal Market (or interpretive
guidance provided by the Principal Market with respect thereto) in effect as of the date
of determination of whether this clause (c) applies. In connection with each Advance Notice,
any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Exchange Cap (if applicable) shall automatically
be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall
be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance
by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of such Advance Notice. For avoidance
of doubt, the Company may, but shall be under no obligation to, request its stockholders
to approve the issuance of Shares as contemplated by this Agreement; provided that,
if stockholder approval is not obtained in accordance with this Agreement, and subject to
clause (c) above, the Exchange Cap shall be applicable for all purposes of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby at all times during the term of this Agreement.

8

(d) Minimum
Acceptable Price.

(i) With
respect to each Advance Notice, the Company may notify the Investor of the Minimum Acceptable
Price with respect to such Advance by indicating a Minimum Acceptable Price in such Advance
Notice. If no Minimum Acceptable Price is specified in an Advance Notice, then no Minimum
Acceptable Price shall be in effect in connection with such Advance. Each Trading Day during
a Pricing Period for which (A) with respect to each Advance Notice with a Minimum Acceptable
Price, the VWAP of the Common Shares is below the Minimum Acceptable Price in effect with
respect to such Advance Notice, or (B) there is no VWAP (each such day, an Excluded
Day), shall result in an automatic reduction to the number of Advance Shares set
forth in such Advance Notice by a fraction the numerator of which is 1 and the denominator
of which is the number of Trading Days in the Pricing Period (the resulting amount of each
Advance being the Adjusted Advance Amount), and each Excluded Day shall
be excluded from the Pricing Period for purposes of determining the Market Price.

(ii) The
total number of Advance Shares in respect of each Advance with any Excluded Day(s) (after
reductions have been made to arrive at the Adjusted Advance Amount) shall be automatically
increased by such number of Common Shares (the Additional Shares) equal
to the greater of (a) the number of Advance Shares sold by the Investor on such Excluded
Day(s), if any, and (b) with the Companys consent, such number of Common Shares elected
to be subscribed for by the Investor, and the subscription price per share for each Additional
Share shall be equal to the Minimum Acceptable Price in effect with respect to such Advance
Notice multiplied by 95%; provided that this increase shall not cause the total number
of Advance Shares to exceed the amount set forth in the applicable Advance Notice or any
limitations set forth in Section 2.01(c).

(e) Unconditional
Contract. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the Investor
acknowledge and agree that, upon the Investors receipt of a valid Advance Notice from
the Company, the Parties shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract binding
on both Parties for the purchase and sale of the applicable number of Advance Shares pursuant
to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, (i) subject to
Applicable Laws and (ii) subject to Section 3.10, the Investor may sell Common Shares during
the Pricing Period for such Advance Notice (including with respect to any Advance Shares
subject to such Pricing Period).

Section
2.02 Closings. The closing of each Advance and each sale and purchase of Advance Shares (each, a Closing)
shall take place as soon as practicable on or after each Advance Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The Parties
acknowledge that the Purchase Price is not known at the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably
bound) but shall be determined on each Closing based on the daily prices of the Common Shares that are the inputs to the determination
of the Purchase Price as set forth further below (provided that, for the purposes of determining the daily VWAP for any Trading
Day, the Parties may use only a specified period withing a Trading Day upon mutual consent). In connection with each Closing, the Company
and the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as set forth below:

(a) On
each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (each a Settlement Document), setting
forth the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor (taking into account
any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.01), the Market Price, the Purchase Price, the
aggregate proceeds to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg,
L.P. indicating the VWAP for each of the Trading Days during the Pricing Period (or, if not
reported on Bloomberg, L.P., another reporting service reasonably agreed to by the Parties),
in each case, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

9

(b) Promptly
after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to each Advance (and, in any event,
not later than one Trading Day after such receipt), the Investor shall pay to the Company
the aggregate purchase price of the Advance Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document)
in cash in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing
and transmit notification to the Company that such funds transfer has been requested. Promptly
upon receipt of the funds, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to electronically transfer
such number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor (as set forth in the Settlement
Document) by crediting the Investors account or its designees account at the
Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian
System (DWAC) or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually
agreed upon by the Parties, and transmit notification to the Investor that such share transfer
has been requested, or that such transfer is required due to the prior delivery of irrevocable
instructions with respect to such Advance Notice. No fractional shares shall be issued, and
any fractional shares that would otherwise be issued in connection with an Advance shall
be rounded to the next higher whole number of shares. Subject to Section 2.02(c), to facilitate
the transfer of the Advance Shares by the Investor, the Advance Shares will not bear any
restrictive legends so long as there is an effective Registration Statement covering the
resale of such Advance Shares (it being understood and agreed by the Investor that notwithstanding
the lack of restrictive legends, the Investor may only sell such Advance Shares pursuant
to the Plan of Distribution set forth in the Prospectus included in the applicable Registration
Statement and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act (including
any applicable prospectus delivery requirements) or pursuant to an available exemption).

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, the certificate(s) or book-entry statement(s) representing
the Commitment Shares issued prior to the date the Registration Statement is declared effective
by the SEC shall bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and stop
transfer instructions may be placed against transfer of such shares):

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

10

(d) On
or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other
all documents, instruments and writings expressly required to be delivered by either of them
pursuant to this Agreement in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated
herein.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i) the
Company notifies the Investor that a Material Outside Event has occurred, or (ii) the Company
notifies the Investor of a Black Out Period, the Parties agree that the pending Advance shall
end and the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor at the Closing
for such Advance shall be equal to the number of Advance Shares sold by the Investor during
the applicable Pricing Period prior to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside
Event or Black Out Period.

Section
2.03 Hardship.

(a) In
the event the Company fails to perform its obligations as mandated in this Agreement after
the Investors receipt of an Advance Notice, the Company agrees that, in addition to
and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition
to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity, including, without
limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless against any loss, claim,
damage or expense (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses),
as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and acknowledges
that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed
that the Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches
of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to Applicable Laws and other rules
of the SEC and the Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the
terms and provisions of this Agreement.

(b) In
the event the Company provides an Advance Notice and the Investor fails to perform its obligations
as mandated in this Agreement, the Investor agrees that, in addition to and in no way limiting
the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy
to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific
performance, it will hold the Company harmless against any loss, claim, damage or expense
(including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses), as incurred,
arising out of or in connection with such default by the Investor and acknowledges that irreparable
damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is accordingly agreed that the Company
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement
and to specifically enforce (subject to Applicable Laws and other rules of the SEC and the
Principal Market), without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions
of this Agreement.

11

Section
2.04 Completion of Resale Pursuant to the Registration Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount
(subject to the Share Cap) and has completed the subsequent resale pursuant to the Registration Statement of all of the Shares purchased
or received by it, the Investor will notify the Company in writing (which may be by e-mail) that all subsequent resales are completed
and the Company will be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

Article
III. Representations and Warranties of the Investor

The
Investor represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof, as of each Advance Notice Date and as of each Advance Date, that:

Section
3.01 Organization and Authorization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the Cayman Islands and has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, including all transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and to purchase or acquire the Shares in
accordance with the terms hereof. The decision to invest and the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation by the Investor
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized and require no other proceedings on the part of the Investor.
The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which the Investor is a party
and all other instruments on behalf of the Investor or its shareholders. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
the Investor is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming the execution and delivery hereof and acceptance
thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor, enforceable against the Investor in
accordance with its terms.

Section
3.02 Evaluation of Risks. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable
of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Shares and of protecting
its interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its investment in the
Company involves a high degree of risk, and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

12

Section
3.03 No Legal, Investment, Financial, Regulatory or Tax Advice from the Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the
opportunity to review the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents with its own legal counsel
and financial, investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or
representations of the Company or any of the Companys representatives or agents for legal, tax, regulatory, financial, investment
or other advice with respect to the Investors acquisition of Common Shares hereunder, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Investor acknowledges that the Investor may lose all or
a part of its investment.

Section
3.04 Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring the Common Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with
a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, in violation of the Securities Act or any
applicable state securities laws; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Investor does not agree, or
make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose
of the Shares at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement or an applicable
exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with
any Person to sell or distribute any of the Shares. The Investor is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its business
The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and a selling stockholder in each Registration
Statement and in any Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement to the extent required by applicable Law.

Section
3.05 Accredited Investor. The Investor is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of
Regulation D.

Section
3.06 Reliance on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of U.S. federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon
the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings of the Investor set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the
Investor to acquire the Shares.

Section
3.07 No Governmental Review. The Investor understands that no U.S. federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Shares or the fairness or suitability of an investment in the Shares,
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Shares.

13

Section
3.08 Information. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating
to the business, finances and operations of the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment
decision. The Investor and its advisors (and its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company
and its management and have received answers to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted
by such Investor or its advisors (and its counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees
that the Company has not made to the Investor, and the Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and
warranties of the Company, its employees or any third party other than the representations and warranties of the Company contained in
this Agreement. The Investor understands that its investment involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting,
legal and tax advice, as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section
3.09 Not an Affiliate. The Investor is not an officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company or any affiliate of the Company
(as that term is defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act).

Section
3.10 General Solicitation. Neither the Investor, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf or
at their direction, has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising
(within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the offer or sale of the
Common Shares by the Investor.

Section
3.11 Prior Trading Activities. Neither the Investor, nor any of its Affiliates, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant
to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly engaged in any transactions in the securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any short sales (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) or hedging
transactions) involving the Companys securities) during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor was first in contact
with the Company or the Companys agents regarding the specific investment in the Company contemplated by this Agreement and ending
immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement by the Investor.

Section
3.12 No Brokers. Neither the Investor nor any of its Affiliates has incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage
commissions or similar payments in connection with the entering into the transactions herein contemplated. .

Section
3.13 Rule 506(d). Neither the Investor nor its Affiliates have been subject to any Rule 506(d) Events during the time periods
specified in Rul 506(d).

Section
3.14 The Investor is not purchasing or acquiring the Shares as a result of, and neither the Investor nor any of its affiliates, nor
any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in, any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within
the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any offer or sale of the Common Shares by the Investor.

14

Article
IV. Representations and Warranties of the Company

Except
as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor, as of the date hereof, each Advance Notice Date
and each Advance Date (other than representations and warranties that address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true
and correct as written as of such certain date), that:

Section
4.01 Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly organized and validly existing
and in good standing (to the extent applicable) under the laws of their respective jurisdiction of organization, and has the requisite
power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.02 Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority
to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to issue
the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
(including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares) have been or (with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized by the
Company and no further consent or authorization will be required by the Company, its board of directors or its stockholders. This Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party have been (or, when executed and delivered, will be) duly executed
and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor, constitute (or, when duly
executed and delivered, will constitute) the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable
creditors rights and remedies, and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal or state
securities law.

Section
4.03 Authorization of the Shares. The Shares to be issued under this Agreement have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased
by the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice, will be, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors
of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided
herein, duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance, security
interest or other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other similar
rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Shares, when issued, will conform to the description thereof
set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

15

Section
4.04 No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares) will not
(i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries (with
respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated),
(ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or
give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including
U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset
of the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such conflicts,
defaults or violations would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.05 SEC Documents. The Company has filed all SEC Documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange
Act within the last 12 months and all such SEC Documents required to be filed within the last 12 months (or since the Company has been
subject to the requirements of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, if shorter) have been made on a timely basis (giving effect to permissible
extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act). The Company has delivered or made available to the Investor, through
the SECs website athttp://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of such SEC Documents. As of their respective dates (or, with
respect to any filing that has been amended or superseded, on the date of such amendment or superseding filing), each of such SEC Documents
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such SEC Documents, and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

16

Section
4.06 Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the
SEC Documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act within the last 24 months, together with
the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity
of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange
Act (as applicable) and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
applied on a consistent basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein, (ii) in the
case of unaudited interim financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not include footnotes required by GAAP or
may be condensed or summary statements, and (iii) such adjustments that are not material, either individually or in the aggregate) during
the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries contained or incorporated
by reference in the SEC Documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act within the last 24 months
are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Company;
there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the SEC
Documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act within the last 24 months that are not included
or incorporated by reference as required; the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct
or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the SEC Documents required to be filed by the Company with
the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act within the last 24 months (excluding the exhibits thereto); and all disclosures contained or incorporated
by reference in the SEC Documents required to be filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act within the last 24 months
regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC) comply in all material
respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The
interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents required to be
filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act within the last 24 months fairly presents the information called for in
all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the SECs rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

Section
4.07 Registration Statement and Prospectus. Each Registration Statement, if and when filed, and the offer and sale of Shares
as contemplated hereby, will meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and will comply in all material respects with
said Rule. Any contracts or other documents that are required to be described in a Registration Statement or a Prospectus, or to be filed
as exhibits to a Registration Statement, will be so described or filed. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur
of each Advance Date and completion of the distribution of the Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection with the
offering or sale of the Shares other than a Registration Statement, the Prospectus contained therein, and any required prospectus supplement,
in each case as reviewed and consented to by the Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.

17

Section
4.08 No Misstatement or Omission. Each Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading. Each Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information
furnished to the Company by the Investor specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

Section
4.09 Conformity with Securities Act and Exchange Act. Each Registration Statement and each Prospectus, or any amendment or
supplement thereto, when such documents are filed with the SEC under the Securities Act or become effective under the Securities Act,
as the case may be, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act.

Section
4.10 Equity Capitalization.

(a) As
of the Effective Date, the authorized capital of the Company consists of 200,000,000 Common
Shares and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock (Preferred Stock), of
which 200 are authorized as Series A Preferred Stock, 600 are authorized as Series B Preferred
Stock, 4,200 are authorized as Series C Preferred Stock, 1,400 are authorized as Series D
Preferred Stock, 1,000 are authorized as Series E Preferred Stock and 200,000 are authorized
as Series F Junior Participating Preferred Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has
23,040,350 Common Shares outstanding, 105 shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding
and no shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred Stock,
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, Series E Convertible Preferred Stock or Series F Junior
Participating Preferred Stock outstanding.

(b) The
Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are currently
listed on the Principal Market under the trading symbol BSGM. The Company has
taken no action designed to, or reasonably likely to have the effect of, terminating the
registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Shares from
the Principal Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC or the Principal
Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Companys
knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal
Market in all material respects.

18

(c) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Documents and pursuant to incentive compensation and similar arrangements
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) except as has been validly waived or complied
with, none of the Companys or any Subsidiarys shares, interests or capital
stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or liens suffered or permitted
by the Company or any Subsidiary (ii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip,
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests
or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to
issue additional shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable
for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(iii) except as has been validly waived or complied with, there are no agreements or arrangements
under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any
of their securities under the Securities Act (except pursuant to this Agreement) (iv)
there are no outstanding securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain
any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings
or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to
redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (v) there are no securities
containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the
Shares.

Section
4.11 Intellectual Property Rights. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all material trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals,
governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted; (ii)
to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any infringement by the Company
or its Subsidiaries of trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service
marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets; and (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no material claim, action or
proceeding being made, brought against, or threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding trademark, trade name, patents,
patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement.

Section
4.12 Employee Relations. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any material labor dispute and, to the knowledge of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, no such dispute is threatened.

19

Section
4.13 Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply
in all material respects with all Environmental Laws, (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under
applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received written notice alleging any failure
to comply with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and
(iii), as would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental
Laws means all applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment
(including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation,
laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous
substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations,
codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations
issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

Section
4.14 Title. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) the Company (or its Subsidiaries) has indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and material assets owned by it,
free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest other than such as are not material to
the business of the Company, and (ii) any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held
by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made
and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.15 Insurance. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) the Company and its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and
in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged and (ii) the Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when
such coverage expires, or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business.

Section
4.16 Regulatory Permits. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, (i) the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
U.S. federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective businesses, and (ii) neither the Company nor
any such Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate,
authorization or permit.

Section
4.17 Internal Accounting Controls. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and
to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences.

20

Section
4.18 Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Shares or any of the Companys
Subsidiaries, where an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have or be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.19 Tax Status. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental
assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except
those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has not received written notification
of any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company
know of no basis for any such claim where the failure to pay would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.20 Certain Transactions. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the officers or directors of the Company is presently a
party to any transaction with the Company that would be required to be disclosed as a related party transaction pursuant to Rule 404
of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act that is not so disclosed.

Section
4.21 Dilution. The Company is aware and acknowledges that the issuance of the Shares hereunder could cause dilution to existing
stockholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of Common Shares.

Section
4.22 Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is
acting solely in the capacity of an arms-length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder.
The Company further acknowledges that the Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and that any advice given by the Investor or any
of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to
the Investors purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request Advances
under this Agreement if a Registration Statement is not effective or if any issuances of Advance Shares pursuant to any Advances would
violate any rules of the Principal Market. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is capable of evaluating and understanding, and
understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

21

Section
4.23 Finders Fees. Except for this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability
for any finders fees, brokerage commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated.

Section
4.24 Relationship of the Parties. Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor , to the Companys knowledge, any
of its affiliates, is a client or customer of the Investor and neither the Investor nor, to the Companys knowledge, any of its
affiliates has provided, or will provide, any services to the Company or its Subsidiaries other than as contemplated hereby. The Company
acknowledges that the Investors relationship to the Company is solely as an investor as provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section
4.25 Forward-Looking Statements. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect, no forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Registration Statement or a Prospectus will be made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or will be disclosed
other than in good faith.

Section
4.26 Compliance with Applicable Laws. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with Applicable Laws and (ii) the Company has
not received a notice of non-compliance by any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary or, to the Companys
knowledge, any agent, Affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, with Applicable Laws, and is not aware
of any pending change or contemplated change to any Applicable Laws with respect to the Company.

Section
4.27 Sanctions Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director,
officer or controlled Affiliate of the Company or any director or officer of any Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled
by a Person that is, (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign
Asset Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or
other relevant sanctions authorities with jurisdiction over the Company and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, designation
on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List (collectively,
Sanctions), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that
broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions
of Ukraine, the Donetsk Peoples Republic and Luhansk Peoples Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan
and Syria (the Sanctioned Countries)). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly,
use the proceeds from the sale of Advance Shares hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary,
joint venture partner or other Person, (a) for the purpose of funding or facilitating any activities or business of or with any Person
or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country
or (b) in any other manner that will knowingly result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable Laws by any Person (including any Person
participating in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past
five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in, and is now not engaged in, any dealings or transactions with
any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or was
a Sanctioned Country. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or
controlled Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has ever had funds blocked by a United States bank or financial institution,
temporarily or otherwise, as a result of OFAC concerns.

22

Section
4.28 General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has
engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of
Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Common Shares.

Article
V. Indemnification

Section
5.01 Indemnification by the Company. In consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and
acquiring the Shares hereunder, and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall
defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Investor, its investment manager, Lind Partners LLC (or any successor), and their respective
Affiliates, and each of the foregoings respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including,
without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls any
of the foregoing within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Investor
Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities
and damages, and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such person seeking
indemnification is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), in each case, incurred by the Investor Indemnitees
or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to: (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in
any related Prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Company
will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation
or breach of any material representation or material warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. To the extent
that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, the Company shall make the maximum contribution
to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities permissible under Applicable Laws.

Section
5.02 Indemnification by the Investor. In consideration of the Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and
in addition to all of the Investors other obligations under this Agreement, the Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and
hold harmless the Company and all of its officers, directors, stockholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those
retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Company within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees) from
and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of
or relating to: (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the
registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that the Investor will only be liable for written information
relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred
to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises
out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance
upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion therein;
(b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Investor contained
in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor. To the extent
that the foregoing undertaking by the Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, the Investor shall make the maximum contribution
to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities permissible under Applicable Laws.

23

Section
5.03 Notice of Claim. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee, as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying
party under this Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify
the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced
by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires,
jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however,
that an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third
party fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying
party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor
Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between
such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action
or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee
or Company Indemnitee which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee
reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall
be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent; provided, however,
that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the
prior written consent of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as applicable, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into
any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to
such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification
as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee
with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification
required by this Article V shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense,
as and when bills are received and payment therefor is due, subject to receipt by the indemnifying party of an undertaking to repay any
amounts that such party is ultimately determined to be not entitled to receive as indemnification pursuant to this Agreement.

24

Section
5.04 Remedies. The remedies provided for in this Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy that may
be available to any indemnified person at law or equity. The obligations of the Parties to indemnify or make contribution under this
Article V shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under this Agreement or
Applicable Laws, no party shall be entitled to any indemnification pursuant to this Article V (other than claims for any damages resulting
from fraud) until the aggregate amount of all such damages that would otherwise be indemnifiable to such party equals or exceeds $25,000
(the Basket), at which time such party shall be entitled to indemnification for the full amount of all damages (including
all damages incurred prior to exceeding the Basket).

Section
5.05 Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no party shall seek, nor shall any party be entitled to recover from
any other party (or such party be liable for), punitive, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages.

Article
VI. Covenants

The
Company covenants with the Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one Party are for the
benefit of the other Party, during the Commitment Period:

Section
6.01 Registration Statement.

(a) Filing
of a Registration Statement. The Company may prepare and submit or file with the SEC
a Registration Statement, or multiple Registration Statements for the resale by the Investor
of the Registrable Securities. The Company in its sole discretion may choose when to file
such Registration Statements; provided, however, that the Company shall not have
the ability to request any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering
the applicable Common Shares.

(b) Maintaining
a Registration Statement. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the effectiveness of any Registration Statement that has been declared effective at all times
during the Commitment Period; provided, however, that if the Company has received
notification pursuant to Section 2.04 that the Investor has completed resales of Shares pursuant
to the Registration Statement for the full Commitment Amount, then the Company shall be under
no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that, when filed, each Registration Statement (including, without
limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) and the Prospectus (including, without
limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration
Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case
of Prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading.
During the Commitment Period, the Company shall notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration
Statement shall cease to be effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Shares shall
cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market, (iii) the Common Shares cease
to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or (iv) the Company
fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting
company under the Exchange Act. During such time that the Investor is informed that the Registration
Statement is no longer effective, the Investor agrees not to sell any Common Shares pursuant
to such Registration Statement, but may sell shares pursuant to an exemption from registration,
if available, subject to the Investors compliance with Applicable Laws.

25

(c) Filing
Procedures. The Company shall (A) permit counsel to the Investor an opportunity to review
and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least two (2) Trading Days prior to its
filing with the SEC and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement
(including, without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein) (except for amendments
or supplements caused by the filing of any Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports or Prospectus
Supplements or post-effective amendments to Registration Statements, the contents of which
are limited to that set forth in such reports) at least one Trading Day prior to their filing
with the SEC (in each of which cases, if such document contains material non-public information
as consented to by the Investor pursuant to Section 6.19, the information provided to the
Investor will be kept strictly confidential until filed), and (B) shall reasonably consider
any comments of the Investor and its counsel on any such Registration Statement or amendment
or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus contained therein provided within 24 hours of
the Investors receipt of such documents. If the Investor fails to provide comments
to the Company within such 24-hour period, then the Registration Statement, related amendment
or related supplement, as applicable, shall be deemed accepted by the Investor in the form
originally delivered by the Company to the Investor. The Company shall promptly furnish to
the Investor, without charge, (i) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one
electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto,
including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated
therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, and all exhibits and (ii) upon the effectiveness
of each Registration Statement, one electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such Registration
Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; provided, however, the Company
shall not be required to furnish any document to the extent such document is available on
EDGAR.

(d) Amendments
and Other Filings. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements
to a Registration Statement and the related Prospectus used in connection with such Registration
Statement, which Prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities
Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during
the Commitment Period, and prepare and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements
in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities;
(ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus
supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to
be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide the Investor
with electronic copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to a Registration
Statement (provided that the Company may excise any information contained therein
that would constitute material non-public information); and (iv) comply with the provisions
of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Shares covered by such Registration
Statement until such time as all of such Shares shall have been disposed of in accordance
with the intended methods of disposition by the Investor as set forth in such Registration
Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement that are
required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(d)
by reason of the Companys filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or
any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to file such report in a Prospectus Supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated
under the Securities Act to incorporate such filing into the Registration Statement, if applicable,
or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC either on the day on which the
Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement
the Registration Statement, if feasible, or shall otherwise use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file it promptly thereafter.

26

(e) Blue-Sky.
The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Laws,
(i) register and qualify the Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other
securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the
Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications
as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii)
take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications
in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably
necessary or advisable to qualify the Shares for sale in such jurisdictions; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (w) make any change to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or any other
organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (x) qualify to do business
in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section
6.01(e), (y) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a consent to
service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor
of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration
or qualification of any of the Shares for sale under the securities or blue sky
laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation
or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

Section
6.02 Suspension of Registration Statement.

(a) Establishment
of a Black Out Period. During the Commitment Period, the Company from time to time may
suspend the use of the Registration Statement by written notice to the Investor in the event
that the Company determines in its sole discretion in good faith that such suspension is
necessary to (i) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company,
the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in
the best interests of the Company or (ii) amend or supplement the Registration Statement
or Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement so that such Registration Statement or Prospectus
or Prospectus Supplement shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the case of any Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading (a Black Out Period).

(b) No
Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period. During such Black Out Period, the Investor
agrees not to sell any Common Shares of the Company pursuant to such Registration Statement,
but may sell shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, if available, subject to
the Investors compliance with Applicable Laws.

(c) Limitations
on the Black Out Period. The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that exceeds
30 consecutive days, and during any 12-month period such Black Out Periods shall not exceed
an aggregate of 60 days. In addition, the Company shall not deliver any Advance Notice during
any Black Out Period. If the public announcement of such material, non-public information
is made during a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after
such announcement, and the Company shall immediately notify the Investor of the termination
of the Black Out Period.

Section
6.03 Listing of Common Shares. As of each Advance Notice Date and the relevant Advance Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company
from time to time hereunder will have been registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal
Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

27

Section
6.04 Opinion of Counsel. Prior to the date of the delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have
received an opinion letter from counsel to the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Investor.

Section
6.05 Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file, during the Commitment Period, in
a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act and, during the Commitment
Period, will not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by the Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate
or suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act; provided, that, the foregoing shall not prevent nor is it intended
to impede the Company from engaging in any merger, acquisition or any other commercial transaction the net effect of which will result
in such termination or suspension.

Section
6.06 Transfer Agent Instructions. During the Commitment Period (or such shorter time as permitted by Section 2.04 of this Agreement),
at any time while there is a Registration Statement in effect for this transaction, and subject to Applicable Laws, the Company shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the transfer agent for the Common Shares to remove restrictive legends from Advance Shares
purchased by the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, including, if necessary, by causing legal counsel for the Company to deliver an
opinion; provided that the Company and its counsel shall have been furnished with such documents as they may require for the purpose
of enabling them to render the opinions or make the statements requested by the transfer agent, or in order to evidence the accuracy
of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the covenants, obligations or conditions, contained herein.

Section
6.07 Corporate Existence. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence
of the Company during the Commitment Period.

28

Section
6.08 Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify
the Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration
Statement or related Prospectus relating to an offering of Shares (in each of which cases the information provided to the Investor will
be kept strictly confidential): (i) except for requests made in connection with SEC or other U.S. federal or state governmental authority
investigations disclosed in the SEC Documents, receipt of any request for additional information by the SEC or any other U.S. federal
or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any request for amendments or supplements
to the Registration Statement or related Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other Federal governmental authority of any
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt
of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Shares for sale
in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes
any statement made in the Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein
by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related Prospectus
or such documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that, in
the case of the related Prospectus or such other documents, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related Prospectus to comply
with the Securities Act or any other law (and the Company will promptly make available to the Investor any such supplement or amendment
to the related Prospectus); (v) the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
would be required under Applicable Laws; (vi) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market; or
(vii) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange
Act. The Company shall not deliver to the Investor any Advance Notice, and the Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant to any pending
Advance Notice (other than as required pursuant to Section 2.02(d)), during the continuation of any of the foregoing events (each of
the events described in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii), inclusive, a Material Outside Event).

Section
6.09 Issuance of the Shares. The issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder shall be made in accordance with the provisions and
requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereunder, and any applicable state securities
law.

Section
6.10 Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated,
will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, (i) the preparation, printing
and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each Prospectus and of each amendment and supplement
thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all fees and disbursements
of the Companys counsel, accountants and other advisors (but not, for the avoidance doubt, the fees and disbursements of the Investors
counsel, accountants and other advisors), (iv) the qualification of the Shares under applicable securities laws in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery of copies of any Prospectus
and any amendments or supplements thereto requested by the Investor, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing
or qualification of the Shares for trading on the Principal Market, and (vii) filing fees of the SEC and the Principal Market. In addition,
the Company has heretofore paid the sum of $10,000 to the Investors legal counsel for its services in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions hereunder, and the Investor had agreed to pay its counsel an additional $10,000 for such services.

29

Section
6.11 Current Report. The Company shall, not later than 5:30 p.m., New York City time, on the fourth Business Day after the date
of this Agreement, file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K describing all the material terms of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the Exchange Act and attaching all the material Transaction Documents required to
be filed with such Current Report on Form 8-K (including any exhibits thereto, the Current Report). The Company
shall provide the Investor and its legal counsel a reasonable opportunity to comment on a draft of the Current Report, including any
exhibits to be filed related thereto, as applicable, prior to filing the Current Report with the SEC and shall reasonably consider all
such comments. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that from and after
the filing of the Current Report with the SEC, the Company shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information provided
to the Investor (or the Investors representatives or agents) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any) in connection with the transactions contemplated herein. The Company
shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and
agents not to, provide the Investor with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without
the express prior written consent of the Investor (which may be granted or withheld in the Investors sole discretion and, if granted,
must include an agreement to keep such information confidential until publicly disclosed). Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly agrees that it shall publicly disclose in the Current Report or otherwise make publicly
available any information communicated to the Investor by or, to the knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which, following the Effective Date would, if not so disclosed, constitute
material, non-public information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries (it being represented by the Company that this provision shall
be satisfied with the filing of this Agreement in the Current Report). The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely
on the foregoing representations in effecting resales of Shares. In addition, effective upon the filing of the Current Report, the Company
acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations in effect with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby under any agreement between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees
or agents, on the one hand, and the Investor or any of its officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents known by the Company
to be an Affiliate of the Investor, on the other hand, shall terminate.

Section
6.12 Advance Notice Limitation. The Company shall not deliver an Advance Notice if a stockholder meeting (other than an annual
stockholder meeting) or corporate action date, or the record date for any stockholder meeting (other than the record date for an annual
stockholder meeting) or any corporate action date, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior to the date of delivery
of such Advance Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance.

30

Section
6.13 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds from the sale of the Advance Shares by the Company to the Investor shall be used by the Company
in the manner as will be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto)
and any Prospectus Supplement thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will, directly or knowingly
indirectly, use the proceeds of the transactions contemplated herein, or lend, contribute, facilitate or otherwise make available such
proceeds to any Person (i) to fund, either directly or knowingly indirectly, any activities or business of or with any Person that is
identified on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocker Persons maintained by OFAC, or in any country or territory, that,
at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Sanctions Programs, or (ii) in any other manner
that would reasonably be expected to result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable Laws.

Section
6.14 Compliance with Laws. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply in all material respects with all Applicable
Laws.

Section
6.15 Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors or controlling
persons, will, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be
expected to constitute or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Shares in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting
purchases of the Shares.

Section
6.16 Trading Information. Upon the Companys request, the Investor agrees to provide the Company with trading reports setting
forth the number and average sales prices of Common Shares sold by the Investor during the prior trading week.

Section
6.17 Selling Restrictions. Except as expressly set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the date hereof through
and including the Trading Day next following the expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 9.01 (the Restricted
Period), none of the Investor, any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the
Restricted Persons and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a Restricted Person)
shall, directly or indirectly, (i) engage in any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the
Exchange Act) of the Common Shares or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to any securities
of the Company (including the Common Shares), with respect to each of clauses (i) and (ii) hereof, either for its own principal account
or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that
nothing contained herein shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true) prohibit any Restricted Person during
the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO) any Common Shares;
or (2) selling a number of Common Shares equal to the number of Advance Shares that such Restricted Person is unconditionally obligated
to purchase under a pending Advance Notice but has not yet received from the Company or the transfer agent pursuant to this Agreement.

31

Section
6.18 Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, or any
of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or any
right arising from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of
the other Party and any such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or
effect. Without the consent of the Investor, the Company shall not have the right to assign or transfer any of its rights or provide
any third party the right to bind or obligate the Company, to deliver Advance Notices or effect Advances hereunder.

Section
6.19 Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that, other than as expressly required by this Agreement, it shall
refrain from disclosing, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its officers, directors, employees and agents to
refrain from disclosing, any material non-public information (as determined under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the rules
and regulations of the SEC) to the Investor without also disseminating such information to the public, unless, prior to disclosure of
such information, the Company identifies such information as being material non-public information and the Investor agrees in writing
to accept such material non-public information for review. Unless specifically agreed to in writing, in no event shall the Investor have
a duty of confidentiality or be deemed to have agreed to maintain information in confidence, with respect to the delivery of any Advance
Notices.

Section
6.20 No Frustration. The Company shall not enter into any agreement, plan, arrangement or transaction the terms of which would
restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement in connection
with any outstanding Advance Notice, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to deliver the Advance Shares to the
Investor in respect of such Advance Notice.

Section
6.21 No Consolidation. If an Advance Notice has been delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation
of the Company with or into, or a transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction
contemplated in such Advance Notice has been closed in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, and all Shares in connection with such Advance
have been received by the Investor; provided, however, the foregoing shall not limit the Company from complying with any order or other
notice issued by any governmental authority.

32

Article
VII. Conditions for Delivery of Advance Notice

Section
7.01 Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company to Deliver an Advance Notice. The right of the Company to deliver an Advance
Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, on each Advance
Notice Date (a Condition Satisfaction Date), of each of the following conditions:

(a) Accuracy
of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
of the Company in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of
the Advance Notice Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties are as
of another date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such other date).

(b) Issuance
of Commitment Shares. The Company shall have issued the Commitment Shares to an account
designated by the Investor, in accordance with Section 12.04, all of which Commitment Shares
shall be fully earned and non-refundable, regardless of whether any Advance Notices are made
or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.

(c) Registration
of the Shares with the SEC. There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to
which the Investor is permitted to utilize the Prospectus thereunder to resell all of the
Advance Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice. The Current Report shall have been
filed with the SEC.

(d) SEC
Documents. The Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner all SEC
Documents during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the applicable Condition Satisfaction
Date.

(e) Authority.
The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable
state for the offer and sale of all the Advance Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance
Notice, or shall have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale and issuance of
such Advance Shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company
is subject.

(f) No
Material Outside Event. No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(g) Board.
(I) The board of directors of the Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, (II) such approval has not been amended, rescinded or modified and
remains in full force and effect as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date, and (III)
a true, correct and complete copy of such resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors
of the Company shall have been provided to the Investor.

33

(h) Performance
by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material
respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction
Date.

(i) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction
shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly, materially and adversely affects any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(j) No
Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares. (A) Trading in the Common Shares
shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, which suspension
is continuing, (B) the Company shall not have received any written notice that is then still
pending that the listing or quotation of the Common Shares on the Principal Market shall
be terminated, nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on, accepting
additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC
with respect to the Common Shares that is continuing, (C) the Company shall not have received
any written notice that is still pending from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or
restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or
book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares is being imposed or is contemplated
(unless, prior to such suspension or restriction, DTC shall have notified the Company in
writing that DTC has determined not to impose any such suspension or restriction), and (D)
all of the Advance Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice shall be eligible
for deposit at the brokerage account provided by the Investor for the delivery of such Common
Shares.

(k) Authorized.
All of the Advance Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Advance Notice shall have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company.

(l) Executed
Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall
be true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction
Date.

(m) Consecutive
Advance Notices. Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Company shall have
delivered all Advance Shares relating to all prior Advances.

34

Article
VIII. Non-Exclusive Agreement

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at
any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities
and/or convertible notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted
into or replaced by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures,
and/or grant any rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital.

Article
IX. Choice of Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

Section
9.01 This Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement or arising from this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted,
construed, governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the State of New York, in
each case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly
within the State of New York. The Parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and
expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United
States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted
pursuant to this Agreement.

Section
9.02 EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, THE
PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A)
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY
WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HERETO HAVE
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH.

35

Article
X. Termination

Section
10.01 Termination.

(a) Unless
earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on
the earlier of (i) the three-year anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the earlier
of the date on which (A) the Investor shall have made payment of Advances pursuant to this
Agreement for Advance Shares equal to the Commitment Amount or (B) the Investor shall have
purchased Advance Shares equal to the Share Cap.

(b) The
Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon five Trading Days prior written
notice to the Investor; provided that (i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices,
the Advance Shares under which have yet to be issued, and (ii) the Company has paid all amounts
owed to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any
time by the mutual written consent of the Parties, effective as of the date of such mutual
written consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent.

(c) Nothing
in this Section 10.01 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability
for any breach under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof, or to impair the
rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific performance by the other Party
of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the valid termination hereof. The indemnification
provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder.

Article
XI. Notices

Other
than with respect to Advance Notices, which must be in writing delivered in accordance with Section 2.01(b) and will be deemed delivered
on the day set forth in Section 2.01(b), any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under
the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally,
(ii) upon receipt, when sent by e-mail if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately following Trading
Day, (iii) five days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, or (iv) one day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service; in each case, properly addressed to the Party to receive the same. The addresses and e-mail addresses
for such communications (except for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A attached hereto) shall
be:

If
to the Company, to: 

BioSig
Technologies, Inc.

12424
Wilshire Blvd, Suite 745

Los
Angeles, California 90025

Attention:
Anthony Amato

Telephone:
(203) 409-5444

Email:
aamato@biosigtech.com

36

If
to the Investor: 

Lind
Global Fund III, LP

444
Madison Avenue 41st Floor

New
York, New York 10022

Attention:
[___________________]

Telephone:
[___________________]

Email:
[___________________]

or
at such other address and/or e-mail and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient Party has specified by written notice
given to each other Party three Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by
the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the senders email service
provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall
be rebuttable evidence of personal service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

Article
XII. Miscellaneous

Section
12.01 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same
agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party. Facsimile or
other electronically scanned and delivered signatures (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000,
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other Applicable Law, e.g., www.docusign.com),
including by e-mail attachment, shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes of
this Agreement.

Section
12.02 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements among the Investor, the
Company, their respective Affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement
contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein,
neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision
of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Parties to this Agreement.

Section
12.03 Reporting Entity for the Common Shares. The reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading
volume of the Common Shares on any given Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto.
The written mutual consent of the Investor and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity. All references in
this Agreement to Bloomberg, L.P. shall be understood to include any successor thereto or any other reporting entity consented
to pursuant to this paragraph.

Section
12.04 Fees and Expenses; Commitment Fee. Each of the Parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys,
accountants, appraisers or others engaged by such Party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
except (a) as provided in Section 6.10, and (b) that the Company shall pay to the Investor a commitment fee in the amount of $100,000
(the Commitment Fee) by the issuance to the Investor within three Trading Days after the Effective Date of a number
of Common Shares (collectively, the Commitment Shares) equal to the Commitment Fee amount divided by 90% of the
VWAP for the five (5) Trading Days preceding the Effective Date. The Commitment Shares issued hereunder shall be registered for resale
by the Investor in the initial Registration Statement.

Section
12.05 Brokerage. Each of the Parties hereto represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this transaction with any
finder or broker who will demand payment of any fee or commission from the other Party. The Company, on the one hand, and the Investor,
on the other hand, agree to indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any person claiming
brokerage commissions or finders fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of the indemnifying party
in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

37

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Equity Subscription Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

BIOSIG
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By: /s/
Anthony Amato

Name: Anthony
Amato

Title: CEO

INVESTOR:

LIND
GLOBAL FUND III, LP

By:
Lind
Global Partners III LLC

Its:
General
Partner

By: /s/
Jeff Easton

Name: Jeff
Easton

Title: Managing
Member

[Signature
Page to Equity Subscription Agreement]

38

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF ADVANCE NOTICE

BioSig
Technologies, Inc.

Dated:
______________, 20___ Advance
Notice Number: _______

The
undersigned, _______________________, hereby certifies, with respect to the sale of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share,
of BioSig Technologies, Inc. (the Company) issuable in connection with this Advance Notice, delivered pursuant to
that certain Equity Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Agreement), as follows (with capitalized
terms used herein without definition having the same meanings as given to them in the Agreement):

1. The
undersigned is [a]/[the] duly elected ______________ of the Company.

2. There
are no fundamental changes to the information set forth in the Registration Statement that
would require the Company to file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement.

3. The
Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements to be performed
by the Company contained in the Agreement on or prior to the Advance Notice Date. All conditions
to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof.

4. The
number of Advance Shares the Company is requesting is _____________________.

5. The
Pricing Period, if other than five (5) Trading Days, shall be _____________ Trading Days.*

6. The
Minimum Acceptable Price with respect to this Advance Notice is ____________ (if left blank
then no Minimum Acceptable Price will be applicable to this Advance).

7. The
number of Common Shares of the Company outstanding as of the date hereof is ___________.

The
undersigned has executed this Advance Notice as of the date first set forth above.

BIOSIG TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By:

Name: 

Title: 

* If the Company requests the Pricing Period to be other than five (5) Trading Days, the Investor must agree by countersigning this Advance
Notice in the place indicated below.

Please
deliver this Advance Notice by email to:

Email:
[________________________]

Attention:
[___________________________]

Confirmation
Telephone Number: [________________]

[Agreed
with respect to paragraph 5 above:

LIND GLOBAL FUND III, LP 

By:

Lind Global Partners III LLC 

Its: General Partner 

By:

Name: 

Title:
] 

2

EXHIBIT
B

FORM
OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA
EMAIL

BioSig
Technologies, Inc.

Attn:
[ ]

Email:
[ ]

Below
please find the settlement information with respect to the Advance Notice Date of:

1. Number
of Advance Shares requested in the Advance Notice 

2. Number
of Trading Days in Pricing Period [5]

3. Number
of Common Shares traded during Pricing Period 

4. Minimum
Acceptable Price for this Advance (if any) 

5. Number
of Excluded Days (if any) 

6. Adjusted
Advance Amount (if applicable) 

7. Market
Price 

8. Purchase
Price (Market Price x 95%) per share 

9. Number
of Advance Shares due to the Investor 

10. Total
Purchase Price due to Company (row 8 x row 9) 

If
there were any Excluded Days then add the following

11. Number
of Additional Shares to be issued to the Investor 

12. Additional
amount to be paid to the Company by the Investor (Additional Shares in row 11 x Minimum Acceptable Price x 97%) 

13. Total
Amount to be paid to the Company (Purchase Price in row 10 + additional amount in row 12) 

14. Total
Advance Shares to be issued to the Investor (Advance Shares due to the Investor in row 9 + Additional Shares in row 11)] 

Please
issue the number of Advance Shares due to the Investor to the account of the Investor as follows:

INVESTORS
DTC PARTICIPANT #: 

ACCOUNT
NAME: 

ACCOUNT
NUMBER: 

ADDRESS: 

CITY: 

COUNTRY: 

CONTACT
PERSON: 

NUMBER
AND/OR EMAIL: 

Very truly yours,

LIND GLOBAL FUND III, LP

By:
Lind
Global Partners III LLC

Its:
General
Partner

By:

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and approved by: 

BIOSIG TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>bsgm-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bsgm-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bsgm-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008931-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001530766 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001530766 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
BioSig Technologies, Inc. 
DE 
001-38659 
26-4333375 
12424 Wilshire Blvd 
Ste 745 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90025 
(203) 
409-5444 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
BSGM 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38659

Entity Registrant Name BioSig
Technologies, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001530766

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-4333375

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 12424
Wilshire Blvd

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste 745

Entity Address, City or Town Los
Angeles

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90025

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 409-5444

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol BSGM

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://biosig.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bsgm-20250228.xsd 
bsgm-20250228_lab.xml 
bsgm-20250228_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>