<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-068740.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-068740.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331160644
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-068740
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250327
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Local Bounti Corporation/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840780
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				981584830
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40125
		FILM NUMBER:		25793208

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		490 FOLEY LANE
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59840
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-640-4016

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		490 FOLEY LANE
		CITY:			HAMILTON
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59840

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Leo Holdings III Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210115
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d854627d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Local Bounti Corporation/DEfalse0001840780--12-3100018407802025-03-272025-03-270001840780dei:FormerAddressMember2025-03-272025-03-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 27, 2025

LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-40125 83-3686055

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

490 Foley Lane

Hamilton, MT59840

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (800)640-4016

490 Foley Lane

Hamilton, MT59840

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share LOCL New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

Debt Restructuring Agreement 

On March 31, 2025 (the Transaction Date), Local Bounti Corporation (the Company) entered into a Restructuring Agreement and Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreement with Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Cargill Financial) (the Debt Restructuring Agreement) to amend the Credit Agreement dated as of September 3, 2021, by and among Local Bounti Operating Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Opco), each subsidiary of Opco identified as a Borrower therein, and Cargill Financial (as amended by a First Amendment to Credit Agreements and Subordination Agreement dated as of March 14, 2022, a Second Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of August 11, 2022 (and effective as of June 30, 2022), a Third Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of December 30, 2022, a Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of January 6, 2023, a Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of March 13, 2023, a Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of March 28, 2023, a Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of October 2, 2023, an Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of January 23, 2024, a Ninth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of March 26, 2024, and a Tenth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of June 28, 2024, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Transaction Date, the Senior Credit Agreement). Pursuant to the Debt Restructuring Agreement, (i) $139.0 million of loans outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, was cancelled, and (ii) $58.0 million of loans outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Transaction Date, the Subordinated Credit Agreement), by and among the Company, Opco, the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, and Cargill Financial, as lender, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, was cancelled, constituting all of the loans and interest outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Agreement (the Debt Restructuring). Following the Debt Restructuring, the aggregate principal amount of loans outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement was $312.0 million (the Restructured Senior Loans) and approximately $197.0 million of existing debt was extinguished. 

Interest on the Restructured Senior Loans will initially accrue at 3-month SOFR plus 2.0%. The principal amount of the Restructured Senior Loans is required to be repaid in an amount equal to 50% of the free cash flow (as defined in the Debt Restructuring Agreement) of the Company and its subsidiaries each quarter starting with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2027. The maturity date of the Restructured Senior Loans is December 31, 2035. 

The Senior Credit Agreement (as amended by the Debt Restructuring Agreement, the Amended Senior Credit Agreement), includes affirmative and negative covenants and events of default, and other requirements and restrictions. The financial covenants under the Amended Senior Credit Agreement consist of (i) a minimum liquidity covenant tested annually on December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2026, and quarterly on the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter, (ii) a minimum EBITDA covenant tested March 31, 2026, December 31, 2026 and March 31, 2027, (iii) a minimum interest coverage ratio covenant tested quarterly beginning June 30, 2027, and (iv) a minimum current ratio covenant tested quarterly beginning June 30, 2027. 

In connection with the Debt Restructuring, the Company entered into amendments for existing warrants held by Cargill Financial (the Warrant Amendments) to amend (i) that certain Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 28, 2023 (the Base Warrant) and (ii) those certain Warrants to Purchase Common Stock, each issued November 21, 2021 (the 2021 Warrants and, together with the Base Warrant, the Original Warrants; the Original Warrants as amended, the Amended Warrants) to (a) amend the exercise price for the Original Warrants to $4.00 per share of Common Stock, (b) extend the expiration date to the date eight years from the closing of the Debt Restructuring and (c) amend and restated the Base Warrants to be on the same form as the 2021 Warrants. The Original Warrants were issued by the Company to Cargill Financial to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,408,145 shares of Common Stock (as adjusted for a 2023 reverse stock split) and the aggregate number of shares is the same for the Amended Warrants. 

The foregoing description of the Debt Restructuring Agreement, the Amended Senior Credit Agreement and the Amended Warrants does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Debt Restructuring Agreement, the Amended Senior Credit Agreement and the Amended Warrants, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On March 31, 2025, following entry into the Debt Restructuring Agreement, the Company also entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain investors (the Investors) for a $25 million investment (the PIPE Investment). In connection with the PIPE Investment, the Company issued 1,771,586 shares (the PIPE Common Stock) of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), and 10,728,414 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock and together with the PIPE Common Stock, the Securities), a newly created series of non-voting convertible preferred stock issued to comply with rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE), at a purchase price of $2.00 per share (the Purchase Price). 

The Investors will be subject to a 180-daylock-up period with respect to the Securities purchased in the PIPE Investment. 

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.4 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

On March 28, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designations) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Series A Preferred Stock is non-voting (except as required by applicable law). Without the prior written consent of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, however, the Company may not: (i) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series A Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Series A Certificate of Designations, (ii) amend the Companys certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, (iii) increase the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or (iv) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no liquidation preference and is redeemable at the option of the holder at the purchase price if not automatically converted within one year from the date of issuance. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends on an as-if-converted basis in the same form as any dividends actually paid on shares of the Companys Common Stock or other securities. 

Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will automatically convert to one share of Common Stock upon approval by the Companys stockholders (the Required Stockholder Approval), which the Company will seek at its upcoming 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Until the date that Required Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Series A Certificate of Designations limits the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock such that, when aggregated with the shares of PIPE Common Stock issued at closing, such issuances shall not exceed 19.99% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock, as required by the rules and regulations of the NYSE. 

The foregoing description of the Series A Certificate of Designations does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Series A Certificate of Designations, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Investor Rights Agreement 

In connection with the PIPE Investment, the Company entered into an investor rights agreement (the Investor Rights Agreement) with the Investors. Under the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, for so long as Cargill Financial and its affiliates (i) hold at least $50.0 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement or (ii) own at least fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock of the Company (treating all warrants, options or convertible securities as if converted into Common Stock) (the Initial Cargill Stock Threshold) and either (x) the Initial U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold (defined below) is met or (y) the Initial Cargill Stock Threshold is met, Cargill Financial has the right to appoint two members to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) (the Cargill Ownership Threshold). Further, for so long as Cargill Financial and its affiliates (i) hold at least $50.0 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement or (ii) own at least five (5%) of the outstanding voting shares of 

Common Stock of the Company (treating all warrants, options or convertible securities as if converted into Common Stock) (the Cargill Stock Threshold) and either (x) the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold is met or (y) the Cargill Stock Threshold is met (the Cargill Ownership Threshold), Cargill has the right to appoint one member to the Board (the Cargill Director). 

Cargill Financial has not appointed any Cargill Directors as of the date hereof. Cargill Financial will be entitled at each annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company or at any special meeting called for the purpose of electing directors to elect the Cargill Directors. The Cargill Directors will be subject to the classified board of director provisions of Companys Certificate of Incorporation, with the classification to be made based on the class which provides the Cargill Directors with the longest possible tenure subject to the provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation. Each Cargill Director appointed or elected to the Board will continue to hold office until the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company where such directors tenure ends pursuant to his or her classification and until his or her successor is elected and qualified in accordance with the Investor Rights Agreement and the Companys Bylaws. Cargill Financial will have the sole right to remove any Cargill Director, subject to the provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation. Any vacancy created by the removal, resignation, death, or otherwise of a Cargill Director will solely be filled by Cargill Financial. 

Furthermore, for so long as Cargill Financial meets the Cargill Ownership Threshold, it will have the right to appoint a person to attend all meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board as an observer (the Cargill Board Observer). A Cargill Board Observer will (i) be entitled to participate, without voting rights, in all Board and Board committee meetings, (ii) receive the same information as the other members of the Board and Board committees (and receive such information at the same time), and (iii) be invited to Board and committee meetings at the same time as other directors. The Cargill Board Observer will not be entitled to any compensation. 

Additionally, for so long as any one of U.S. Bounti, LLC (U.S. Bounti), its affiliates or any Family or Estate-Planning Transferees (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of U.S. Bounti (each a U.S. Bounti Holder) own at least fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding voting shares of the Company (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock), the U.S. Bounti the U.S. Bounti Holder owning the largest amount of Common Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) will have the right to appoint two members to the Board (the Initial U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold) and for so long as a U.S. Bounti Holder owns at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock of the Company (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) (the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold), the U.S. Bounti Holder owning the largest amount of Common Stock will have the right to appoint one member to the Board (the U.S. Bounti Director). As further described in Item 5.02 below, the initial directors appointed by U.S. Bounti are Michael Molnar and Charles R. Schwab, Jr. 

The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee thereof have taken action such that the U.S. Bounti Directors will initially be appointed to the Board effective on March 31, 2025, to serve until at least the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or such individuals earlier resignation, death or removal. U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof will be entitled at each annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company or at any special meeting called for the purpose of electing directors to elect the U.S. Bounti Directors. The U.S. Bounti Directors will be subject to the classified board of director provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, with the classification to be made based on the class which provides the U.S. Bounti Directors with the longest possible tenure subject to the provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation. Each U.S. Bounti Director appointed or elected to the Board will continue to hold office until the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company where such directors tenure ends pursuant to his or her classification and until his or her successor is elected and qualified in accordance with the Investor Rights Agreement and the Companys Bylaws. U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof will have the sole right to remove a U.S. Bounti Director, subject to the provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation. Any vacancy created by the removal, resignation, death or otherwise of a U.S. Bounti Director will solely be filled by U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof. 

Furthermore, for so long as any one of U.S. Bounti or a U.S. Bounti Holder thereof meets the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold, U.S. Bounti or the U.S. Bounti Holder owning the largest amount of Common Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to appoint a person to attend all meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board as an observer (the U.S. Bounti Board 

Observer). A U.S. Bounti Board Observer will (i) be entitled to participate in the same fashion as if such individual was a director or committee member, without voting rights, in all Board and Board committee meetings, (ii) receive the same information as the other members of the Board and Board committees, including drafts and final versions of any written consent in lieu of a meeting (and receive such information at the same time), and (iii) be invited to Board and committee meetings at the same time as other directors. The U.S. Bounti Board Observer will not be entitled to any compensation. U.S. Bounti has appointed Charles R. Schwab as the U.S. Bounti Board Observer, effective March 31, 2025. 

Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the Resale Registration Statement) at its expense for the resale of the shares of Common Stock and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock (collectively, the Registrable Securities) no later than 90 days following the closing of the PIPE Investment transaction (the Closing). The Company has agreed to keep such Resale Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), until the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Registrable Securities are freely resalable to the public under Rule 144 of the Securities Act without restriction, or (ii) two years after the Closing. 

The Company has also given certain rights to certain of the Investors to require the Company to cooperate with an underwritten offering of their registered securities, and to piggyback on certain offerings by the Company. The Company also agreed, among other things, to indemnify the selling holders under the registration statements filed pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement from certain liabilities and to pay all costs and expenses arising out of or based upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any registration statement filed pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement. 

The foregoing description of the Investor Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Investor Rights Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.5 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Voting Support Agreement 

In connection with and as inducement for the Investors to purchase the Securities, the Company entered into voting support agreements (each, a Support Agreement) with certain stockholders, directors, officers and each of their affiliated entities to agree to vote their shares of the Companys Common Stock in favor of the Required Stockholder Approval. 

The foregoing description of the Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Form of Support Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.6 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On the Transaction Date, the Company terminated the Subordinated Credit Agreement pursuant to the Debt Restructuring Agreement and in connection with the cancellation of the loans thereunder. The Company is not subject to any termination penalties related to the termination of the Subordinated Credit Agreement. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated into this Item 1.02 by reference. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference. In connection with the issuance of the Securities described in Item 1.01, the Company relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for transactions not involving a public offering, as well as similar exemptions under applicable state securities laws, in reliance upon the following facts: no general solicitation was used in the offer or sale of such Securities; the recipients of the Securities had adequate access to information about the Company; each recipient of such Securities represented its acquisition thereof as principal for its own account and its lack of any arrangements or understandings 

regarding the distribution of such Securities; each recipient of such Securities represented its capability of evaluating the merits of an investment in the Companys Securities due to its knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters; and such Securities were issued as restricted securities with restricted legends referring to the Securities Act. No such securities may be offered or sold in the United States in the absence of an effective registration statement or exemption from applicable registration requirements. No statement in this document or the attached exhibits is an offer to purchase or sell or a solicitation of an offer to sell or buy the Companys securities, and no offer, solicitation or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Executive Management Changes 

On March 27, 2025, Craig M. Hurlbert announced his intention to resign as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, effective March 31, 2025. The Board appointed Mr. Hurlbert as Executive Chairman on March 27, 2025, effective as of March 31, 2025. 

On March 27, 2025, the Board appointed Kathleen Valiasek, who currently serves as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and President, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective March 31, 2025. 

Ms. Valiasek, age 61, has served as the Companys Chief Financial Officer since November 2021 and as President since June 2024. Ms. Valiasek served as Chief Financial Officer of our predecessor company from April 2021 to November 2021. Previously, Ms. Valiasek served as Chief Financial Officer from January 2017 to June 2019 and Chief Business Officer from June 2019 to March 2021 at Amyris, a science and technology leader in the research, development and production of sustainable ingredients for the clean health and beauty and flavors and fragrances markets. Prior to Amyris, Ms. Valiasek served as Chief Executive Officer of Lenox Group, Inc., a finance and strategic consulting firm she founded in 1994, and, in this capacity, she worked closely with the senior management teams of fast-growing companies including start-ups, venture-backed, and Fortune 500 companies such as Albertsons, CVS, Gap, Kaiser Permanente, and Softbank. At Lenox Group, Ms. Valiasek was typically engaged for critical roles on multi-year assignments including M&A transactions, debt and equity financings, IPOs, and spinoffs. Ms. Valiasek holds a B.B.A. from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. 

There are no family relationships between any director or executive officer of the Company and Ms. Valiasek. For a description of related-person transactions with the Company and Ms. Valiasek since the beginning of 2022, please see the section of the Companys definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 19, 2024, entitled Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions. 

Appointment of New Directors 

On March 27, 2025, the Board appointed Michael Molnar and Charles R. Schwab, Jr. to the Board, effective March 31, 2025. Mr. Molnar was appointed to serve on the Audit Committee of the Board. There are no transactions reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K in which Mr. Molnar or Mr. Schwab has a direct or indirect material interest. Mr. Molnar and Mr. Schwab will be entitled to receive the standard cash and equity compensation paid to all directors as described in the Companys most recent proxy statement. Each of Mr. Molnar and Mr. Schwab entered into a standard indemnification agreement with the Company in substantially the same form that the Company has entered into with its other non-employee directors, a form of which was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024. 

Mr. Molnar has extensive experience in both analytics, entrepreneurship and guiding companies strategic and operating decision making. He began his career on Wall Street conducting corporate valuations (Arthur Andersen), middle market leveraged buyouts (Heller Financial), technology equity offerings (Robertson Stephens) and technology venture capital (Davenport Capital Ventures). He then moved to the operating side where he founded and led his own highly successful artisan bread company. Most recently, he was a leader on the commercial side of Genentech, the preeminent biotech firm in the US. While there, his teams used data and analytics to inform the strategy of the $100B company. Mr. Molnar led the top-ranked competitive intelligence team in the biopharma industry and was elected to the Board of Directors of SCIP, the CI trade association. Most recently, Mr. Molnar has 

served on the Boards of Directors of LAB Golf and Player Biltong, and is currently Co-Chairman of the Board of OnCore Golf. Mr. Molnar has an MBA in finance from Wharton and a BBA in finance, magna cum laude from the University of Notre Dame. 

Charles Sandy Schwab, Jr. served as Founder and Managing Partner of Chess Ventures from 2001 through 2016, focusing on investments in early stage financial services technology. Mr. Schwab started his career at Banque Paribas in 1990, where he served as Vice President, High Yield and Risk Arbitrage Group. Mr. Schwab received a B.A. in economics from Northwestern University in 1986 and an M.B.A in finance and accounting from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 1989. 

The information regarding the appointment of directors included in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Resignation of Directors 

On March 27, 2025, Jennifer Carr-Smith and Edward C. Forst each announced their intention to resign as a director of the Board, effective March 31, 2025. Ms. Carr-Smith was a member of the Boards Compensation Committee, and Mr. Forst served as Lead Director and Chair of the Boards Audit Committee and was a member of the Boards Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Neither Ms. Carr-Smiths nor Mr. Forsts decision was based on any disagreement with the Company or its management. 

Restricted Stock Unit Awards 

Subject to the approval by the Companys stockholders of the amendment to the 2021 Equity Inventive Plan, as amended (the Amended Plan) and the filing of a Registration Statement on Form S-8 following approval by the Companys stockholders, on March 27, 2025, the Boards Compensation Committee approved a grant of 1,400,000 and 700,000 restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) pursuant to the Amended Plan to each of Kathleen Valiasek and Craig Hurlbert, respectively. The RSUs will vest in equal quarterly increments beginning on June 30, 2025 and will continue to vest to the extent that Ms. Valiasek and Mr. Hurlbert remain employed by the Company through each vesting date. 

On March 27, 2025, the Boards Compensation Committee also approved the acceleration of all RSUs previously granted to Kathleen Valiasek and Craig Hurlbert as of June 30, 2025, subject to the approval by the Companys stockholders of the Amended Plan and the filing of a Registration Statement on Form S-8 following approval by the Companys stockholders. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information regarding the Series A Certificate of Designations contained in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

4.1 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock. 

10.1 Restructuring Agreement and Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among Local Bounti Operating Company LLC, Local Bounti Corporation, the subsidiary borrowers and guarantors signatory thereto, Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., in its capacity as the senior lender, and Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., in its capacity as the subordinated lender. 

10.2 Credit Agreement dated as of September 3, 2021, by and among Local Bounti Operating Company LLC, Local Bounti Corporation and certain subsidiaries, and Cargill Financial Services International, Inc. (as conformed through the Restructuring Agreement and Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025). 

10.3 Form of Warrant Amendment 

10.4 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among Local Bounti Corporation and each of the investors party thereto. 

10.5 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among Local Bounti Corporation and each of the investors party thereto. 

10.6 Form of Support Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among Local Bounti Corporation and each stockholder party thereto. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 31, 2025 Local Bounti Corporation

By: 

/s/ Kathleen Valiasek

Name: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d854627dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF PREFERENCES, 

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS 

OF 

SERIES A NON-VOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 151 OF THE 

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW 

The undersigned, Craig M. Hurlbert, does hereby certify that: 

1. He is the Chief Executive Officer of Local Bounti Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation). 

2. The Corporation is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which have been issued. 

3. The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors): 

WHEREAS, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation provides for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting
of 100,000,000 shares, $0.0001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series; 

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors is
authorized, without further stockholder approval and subject to any limitations prescribed by the law of the State of Delaware, by resolution or resolutions adopted from time to time, to provide for the issuance of Preferred Stock in one (1) or
more series, and, by filing a certificate of designations pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designations, powers,
preferences, and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof and to increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares
of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series; and 

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors,
pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of up to 14,000,000 shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the
authority to issue, as follows: 

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a
series of preferred stock for cash or exchange of other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows: 

TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK 

Section 1.Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

1 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person which
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries Controls, is controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Alternate Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(c). 

Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 3 of the Purchase Agreement.

Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the
applicable parties thereto and all conditions precedent to (i) each Holders obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Corporations obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived. 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of
securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any
securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Control (including the terms controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

Conversion Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b). 

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock
in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Conversion Shares Registration Statement means a registration statement that
registers the resale of all Conversion Shares of the Holders, who shall be named as selling stockholders therein and meets the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement. 

Converted Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

Corporation shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Delaware Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(d). 

Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(b). 

Effective Date means the date that the Conversion Shares Registration Statement filed by the Corporation pursuant to the
Investor Rights Agreement is first declared effective by the Commission. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 6(e). 

Exchange Cap Allocation shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6(e). 

Fundamental Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(c). 

Holder shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2. 

Investor Rights Agreement means the Investor Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, among the Corporation and the
original Holders, in the form of Exhibit B attached to the Purchase Agreement. 

Liquidation shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 5. 

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the
Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of book-entry accounts which may evidence such Preferred Stock. 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture,
limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 

Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, among the Corporation and the
original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Redemption Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a). 

Redemption Notice shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7(b). 

Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a). 

Redemption Right shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a). 

Securities means the Preferred Stock. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c). 

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to the original Holders pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then traded as in effect on the Conversion Date. 

Stockholder Approval means such
approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Corporation with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
including (i) for a change of control and (ii) the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date without regard to any restrictions or limitations set forth
under this Certificate of Designations. 

Subscription Amount shall mean, as to each Holder, the aggregate amount to be
paid for the Shares and Preferred Stock purchased pursuant to the Purchase Agreement as specified below such Holders name on the signature page of the Purchase Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States
dollars and in immediately available funds. 

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Corporation as set forth on
Exhibit 21.1 of the Corporations Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024, and shall, where applicable, also include any
direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation formed or acquired after the date of the Purchase Agreement. 

Successor Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(c).

Support Agreements shall mean the voting support agreements, dated March 31, 2025, among the Corporation and
certain stockholders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business. 

Trading Market means any of the following
markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of
the foregoing). 

Transaction Documents means this Certificate of Designations, the Purchase Agreement, the Investor
Rights Agreement, the Support Agreements, and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Corporation,
and any successor transfer agent of the Corporation. 

Section 2.Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of
preferred stock shall be designated as Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to 14,000,000 (which
shall not be subject to increase without the written consent of all of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of
$0.0001 per share. 

Section 3.Dividends. Except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be
made pursuant to Section 8, Holders shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid
on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock. 

Section 4.Voting
Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the Holders of a two-thirds majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or
amend this Certificate of Designations, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock,
or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Section 5.Liquidation. Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation), such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of such series of
Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock at the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Liquidation (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations herein). The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation, not
less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder. 

Section 6.Conversion.

(a) Automatic Conversion. Each share of Preferred Stock shall be converted (the Conversion)
automatically following receipt of Stockholder Approval (the date of such Stockholder Approval, the Conversion Date) into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Ratio. The Conversion shall take place on the
Conversion Date. The Corporation shall within one Business Day of such Stockholder Approval (i) inform each Holder of the occurrence of the Stockholder Approval and (ii) confirm to each Holder the effective date of the Conversion. The
shares of Preferred Stock that are converted in the Conversion are referred to as the Converted Stock. The Conversion Shares shall be issued as follows: 

i. Converted Stock that is registered in book-entry form shall be automatically cancelled upon the Conversion and converted
into the corresponding Conversion Shares, which shares shall be issued in book-entry form and without any action on the part of the Holders and shall be delivered to the Holders within one Business Day of the effectiveness of the Conversion. 

ii. Converted Stock that is issued in certificated form shall be deemed converted into the corresponding Conversion Shares on
the date of Conversion and the Holders rights as a holder of such shares of Converted Stock shall cease and terminate on such date, excepting only the right to receive the Conversion Shares within two Business Days of the effectiveness of the
Conversion. The Holder shall surrender any stock certificate to the Corporation for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the Conversion. 

iii. Notwithstanding the cancellation of the Converted Stock upon the Conversion, Holders of Converted Stock shall continue to
have any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Corporation to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designations. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies for the Corporations failure to convert the Converted Stock. 

(b) Conversion Ratio. The
Conversion Ratio for each share of Preferred Stock shall be one share of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of each share of Preferred Stock (corresponding to a ratio of 1:1), subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

(c) Mechanics of Conversion

i. Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Upon Conversion not later than the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period, after the applicable Conversion Date, or if the Holder requests the issuance of physical certificate(s), not later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after receipt by the
Corporation of the original certificate(s) representing such shares Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall either: (a) deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the
converting Holder a physical certificate or certificates representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of shares of Preferred Stock, or (b) in the case of a DWAC delivery (if so requested by the Holder),
electronically transfer such Conversion Shares by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with DTC through its DWAC system. 

ii. Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the
Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any

provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of
the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against
such Holder. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(c) on the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and
not as a penalty, for each $5,000 of Preferred Stock (assuming a value of $2.00 per share of Preferred Stock) being converted, $50 per Trading Day (increasing to $100 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day and increasing to $200 per Trading Day on
the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages for the
Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. 

iii. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and
keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of
Persons other than the Holders of the Preferred Stock, not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the
adjustments and restrictions of Section 8) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if the Conversion Shares Registration Statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such Conversion Shares Registration Statement (subject to
such Holders compliance with its obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement). 

iv. Fractional Shares. No
fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the Conversion. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such Conversion, the Corporation shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Ratio or round up to the next whole share. 

v. Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on Conversion of this Preferred Stock shall be made
without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in
respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such
Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance 

thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares. 

(d) Issuance Limitations.
The Corporation shall not be obligated to issue, and the Holder shall not have the right to receive, upon Conversion of the Preferred Stock, any shares of Common Stock if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, along with any shares of Common
Stock issued to the Holder at the Closing, would exceed that number of shares of Common Stock which the Corporation may issue in the aggregate pursuant to the transactions contemplated under the Purchase Agreement without breaching the
Corporations obligations under the rules or regulations of the New York Stock Exchange (the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply after the date that Stockholder Approval is approved and deemed
effective. In the event that the Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of the Holders Preferred Stock, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of the Holders shares of Common Stock in an amount equal to the product of
the Exchange Cap multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Subscription Amount of such Holder and the denominator of which is the aggregate Subscription Amounts of all Holders (with respect to each Holder, the Exchange Cap
Allocation), and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation allocated to such transferee. In the event that any Holder of Preferred Stock shall convert
all of such Holders Preferred Stock into a number of shares of Common Stock which, in the aggregate, is less than such Holders Exchange Cap Allocation, then the difference between such Holders Exchange Cap Allocation and the number
of shares of Common Stock actually issued to such Holder shall be allocated to the respective Exchange Cap Allocations of the remaining Holders of Preferred Stock on a pro rata basis in proportion to the shares of Preferred Stock then held by each
such Holder. 

Section 7.Redemption. 

(a) At any time on and after the first anniversary of the Original Issue Date (the Redemption Date), each
holder shall have the right (the Redemption Right) to require the Corporation to redeem for cash any or all of the shares of Preferred Stock of such holder outstanding at a redemption price (the Redemption
Price) per share of Preferred Stock of $2.00. In the event that any certificate for shares of Preferred Stock shall be surrendered for partial redemption, the Corporation shall execute and deliver to or upon the written order of the holder
of the certificate so surrendered a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock not so redeemed. Shares of Preferred Stock redeemed in accordance with this Section 7(a), shall return to the status of and constitute authorized but unissued
shares of Preferred Stock, without classification as to series until such shares are once more classified as a particular series by the Board of Directors pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. 

(b) Such holder shall deliver to the Corporation a written notice of such redemption (a Redemption Notice)
not less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. The Redemption Notice must state the following: (A) the aggregate number of shares of A Preferred Stock to be redeemed and (B) the Redemption Date. 

(c) On the Redemption Date, the Corporation shall pay the Redemption Price in respect of each share of Preferred Stock to such
holder by wire transfer of immediately available funds on the Redemption Date. The Corporation shall remain liable for the payment of the Redemption Price in respect of each share of Preferred Stock with respect to the shares of Preferred Stock to
be redeemed to the extent such amounts are not promptly paid as provided herein. 

(d) Solely in the event that the Corporation does not have the funds legally
available for such redemption in cash on all of the shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding, the Corporation shall, in lieu of paying such holder in cash, issue a senior unsecured note with a principal amount equal to the
Redemption Price in respect of each share of Preferred Stock of such holder, payable in monthly installments over one year commencing on the date of delivery of the Redemption Notice, with interest accruing at the
mid-term applicable federal rate determined under Section 1274(d) of the IRS Code plus 4%; provided, that the Corporation shall pre-pay such promissory
note as soon as reasonably practicable upon such funds legally becoming available, in the maximum amount then permitted. 

Section 8.Certain Adjustments. 

(a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of
Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion Ratio shall
be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 8(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or
distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

(b) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or
makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other
securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred
Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete
Conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on Conversion hereof) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of
shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution. 

(c) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person,
(ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct
or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another 

Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders
of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires
more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or
share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately
prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Preferred Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the
Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which
this Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the
Conversion Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall
apportion the Conversion Ratio among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the
extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designations with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders
new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which
the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 8(c) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Preferred Stock, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance
to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Preferred
Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the Conversion Ratio hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into
account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the
economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and 

substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such
Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designations and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Corporation shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the
Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein. 

(d) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 8 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of
a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 8, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of
the Corporation) issued and outstanding. 

(e) Notice to the Holders. 

i. Adjustment to Conversion Ratio. Whenever the Conversion Ratio is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 8, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Ratio after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other
distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on, or a redemption of, the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the
Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other
securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each
office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20) calendar days
prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be
taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or
other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the
Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert 

each share of Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Ratio during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. The Corporation shall not be obligated to issue, and the Holder shall not have the right to receive, upon any such conversion of the Preferred
Stock, any shares of Common Stock if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, along with any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder at the Closing, would exceed the Exchange Cap. 

Section 9. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder shall be
in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation, at the address set forth above Attention: General Counsel, e-mail address contracts@localbounti.com or such other e-mail address or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in
accordance with this Section 9. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a
nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or physical address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such e-mail address or physical address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries
hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the email address set forth in this Section prior
to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the email address set forth in this
Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or
(iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. 

(b) Absolute Obligation.
Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on
the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

(c) Lost or
Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated
certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or
destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation. 

(d) Governing
Law. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Certificate of Designations (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates,
directors, officers, stockholder, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including 

with respect to the enforcement of this Certificate of Designations), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in
any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designations and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations or the transactions contemplated hereby.
If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designations, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

(e)
Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other
provision of this Certificate of Designations or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designations on one or more occasions shall not be
considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designations on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a
Holder must be in writing. 

(f) Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If
it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest
permitted under applicable law. 

(g) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be
due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(h)
Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(i) Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

RESOLVED, FURTHER, that the Chairman, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary
or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions
of Delaware law. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this 28th day of March, 2025. 

/s/ Craig M. Hurlbert

Name: Craig M. Hurlbert

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d854627dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of

September 3, 2021 

between 

LOCAL BOUNTI OPERATING
COMPANY LLC 

and 

CERTAIN
SUBSIDIARIES THEREOF, 

as Borrowers, 

and 

CARGILL FINANCIAL SERVICES
INTERNATIONAL, INC., 

as Lender 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

Section 1.1 Defined Terms 1 

Section 1.2 Terms Generally 31 

Section 1.3 Accounting Terms; Changes in GAAP 31 

Section 1.4 Time 32 

Section 1.5 Divisions 32 

Section 1.6 Interest Rates 32 

ARTICLE II TERMS OF THE TERM LOAN FACILITY 32 

Section 2.1 Term Loan Facility 32 

Section 2.2 Interest on the Term Loans 33 

Section 2.3 Payment of Principal and Interest 33 

Section 2.4 Voluntary Prepayments 35 

Section 2.5 Mandatory Prepayment 35 

Section 2.6 Fees 37 

Section 2.7 Evidence of Debt 37 

Section 2.8 Payments Generally 37 

Section 2.9 Increased Costs 38 

Section 2.10 [Reserved] 39 

Section 2.11 Benchmark Replacement Setting 39 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 40 

Section 3.1 Existence, Qualification and Power; Subsidiaries 40 

Section 3.2 Authorization; No Contravention 40 

Section 3.3 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 40 

Section 3.4 Execution and Delivery; Binding Effect 40 

Section 3.5 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 40 

Section 3.6 Outstanding Indebtedness 41 

Section 3.7 Litigation 41 

Section 3.8 No Material Adverse Effect; No Default 41 

Section 3.9 Property; Licenses; Margin Regulations 41 

Section 3.10 Taxes 42 

Section 3.11 Disclosure 42 

Section 3.12 Compliance with Laws 42 

Section 3.13 ERISA Compliance 43 

Section 3.14 Environmental Matters; Hazardous Materials 43 

Section 3.15 Investment Company Act 43 

Section 3.16 Insurance 44 

Section 3.17 Sanctions and Anti-Terrorism; Anti-Corruption 44 

Section 3.18 Solvency 44 

Section 3.19 Material Agreements 44 

Section 3.20 Employee and Labor Matters 44 

Section 3.21 Compliance with Food Security Act and Agricultural Lien Statutes; Agricultural Lien Notices 45 

Section 3.22 Agricultural Licenses 45 

Section 3.23 The Farm Projects 45 

i 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 46 

Section 4.1 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness 46 

Section 4.2 Additional Conditions to Initial Credit Extension 48 

Section 4.3 Additional Conditions to each Term Loan 48 

Section 4.4 Conditions to First Amendment Term Loan 51 

Section 4.5 Conditions to Working Capital Term Loan 55 

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 55 

Section 5.1 Financial Statements 55 

Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information 56 

Section 5.3 Notices 58 

Section 5.4 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 59 

Section 5.5 Maintenance of Properties 59 

Section 5.6 Maintenance of Insurance 60 

Section 5.7 Payment of Obligations 60 

Section 5.8 Compliance with Laws 60 

Section 5.9 Environmental Matters 60 

Section 5.10 Books and Records 60 

Section 5.11 Inspection Rights 61 

Section 5.12 Use of Proceeds 61 

Section 5.13 Sanctions and Anti-Terrorism Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws 61 

Section 5.14 Additional Subsidiaries; Holdings as Guarantor 61 

Section 5.15 Real Property 62 

Section 5.16 Further Assurances 63 

Section 5.17 [Reserved] 63 

Section 5.18 Farm Project Construction 64 

Section 5.19 Board Observation Rights 65 

Section 5.20 Cash Budget and Payables Schedule; Cash Flow Comparison, Etc 66 

Section 5.21 Restructuring Advisor 66 

ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 67 

Section 6.1 Indebtedness 67 

Section 6.2 Liens 68 

Section 6.3 Fundamental Changes 69 

Section 6.4 Dispositions 70 

Section 6.5 Restricted Payments; Payments of Junior Debt 70 

Section 6.6 Investments 71 

Section 6.7 Transactions with Affiliates; Management Fees 71 

Section 6.8 Financial Covenants 71 

Section 6.9 Certain Restrictive Agreements 75 

Section 6.10 Changes in Fiscal Periods; Accounting Methods 75 

Section 6.11 Changes in Nature of Business 75 

Section 6.12 Organizational Documents 75 

Section 6.13 Material Agreements; Change Orders 75 

Section 6.14 Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures 76 

Section 6.15 Sanctions and Anti-Terrorism; Anti-Corruption Use of Proceeds 76 

Section 6.16 ERISA 76 

Section 6.17 Sale-Leasebacks 77 

Section 6.18 Operating Leases 77 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 77 

Section 7.1 Events of Default 77 

Section 7.2 Application of Payments 82 

ii 

ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 82 

Section 8.1 Notices 82 

Section 8.2 Amendments; Waivers 83 

Section 8.3 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 83 

Section 8.4 Engagement of Project Consultant, Other Agents 84 

Section 8.5 Successors and Assigns 84 

Section 8.6 Survival 85 

Section 8.7 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 85 

Section 8.8 Severability 85 

Section 8.9 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 85 

Section 8.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 86 

Section 8.11 Headings 86 

Section 8.12 PATRIOT Act 86 

Section 8.13 Interest Rate Limitation 86 

Section 8.14 Payments Set Aside; Reinstatement of Liens 87 

Section 8.15 Joint and Several Liability 87 

Section 8.16 The Company as Agent for Borrowers 87 

Section 8.17 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 88 

Section 8.18 CALIFORNIA JUDICIAL REFERENCE 88 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A - Form of Term Loan Note

Exhibit B - Form of Loan Request

Exhibit C - Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D - Form of Officers Certificate (Project Costs)

Exhibit E - Form of Final Completion Certificate

Exhibit F - Form of Joinder Agreement

Exhibit G - [Reserved]

Schedules 

Schedule A - [Reserved]

Schedule B - [Reserved]

Schedule 3.1 - Loan Parties and Subsidiaries

Schedule 3.7 - Litigation

Schedule 3.14(b) - Environmental Disclosures

Schedule 3.23(h) - Farms and Farm Projects

Schedule 6.1 - Indebtedness

Schedule 6.2 - Liens

iii 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This Agreement is entered into as of September 3, 2021by and among LOCAL BOUNTI OPERATING COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company previously known as Local Bounti Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), each Subsidiary of the Company identified as a Borrower on the signature pages hereto (each such Subsidiary, a
Subsidiary Borrower; all Subsidiary Borrowers, together with the Company and with any Person subsequently joining in this Agreement as a borrower pursuant to Section 5.14 hereof, collectively, the
Borrowers), and CARGILL FINANCIAL SERVICES INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Lender). 

The Borrowers have requested that the Lender make a multiple-advance term loan to the Borrowers, and the Lender is willing to do so on the
terms and conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

2023 Warrant means the Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date (as amended by the
Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated as of January 23, 2024 and by the Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated as of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date)) issued by Holdings, as company, in favor of Cargill Financial
Services International, Inc., as holder. 

ABR means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the
Prime Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50%. Any change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective from and including the
effective date of such change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively. 

ABR Loan means a
Term Loan that bears interest based on the ABR. 

Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC. 

Account Control Agreement means, with respect to any deposit, securities or commodity account of any Loan Party or any
Subsidiary, an account control agreement (including any blocked account agreement) in favor of and in form and substance acceptable to the Lender, duly executed by the parties thereto. 

Additional Optionality Term Loans means, as of any day, so long as the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans
exceeds the Additional Optionality Threshold, the portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans in excess of the Additional Optionality Threshold as of such day. 

Additional Optionality Threshold means $200,000,000. 

Adjusted Minimum EBITDA means, to the extent a Force Majeure Event has occurred at any Impacted Individual Farm, for any
Impacted Minimum EBITDA, the product of (a) such Impacted Minimum EBITDA multiplied by (b) the Impacted Individual Farm Adjustment. 

-1- 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified; provided that, except with respect to Section 6.7, the term Affiliate (with respect
to any Loan Party) shall not include any private equity funds owned or managed by Lion Capital LLP, an English limited liability partnership, or any unrelated portfolio companies of such funds or Lion Capital LLP (other than the Loan Parties and
their Subsidiaries); provided, further, that the term Affiliate shall not at any time include the Lender or any of its affiliates. 

Aggregate Paragon Consideration means the aggregate consideration payable under the Paragon Purchase Documents (including,
without limitation, purchase price consideration, issuance of equity, payoff of indebtedness, and remittance of funds into escrow). 

Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 

Agricultural License means each License held (or required to be held) by a Loan Party pursuant to any Agricultural Lien
Statutes applicable to such Loan Party. 

Agricultural Lien Statutes means, collectively, PACA, PASA, the Food Security
Act and all other Applicable Laws that could create or give rise to any Lien, trust, charge, encumbrance or claim, including without limitation any agricultural lien (as defined in the UCC), in or against (a) any portion of the
farm products (as defined in the UCC) or any other agricultural products purchased, stored or otherwise handled by any Loan Party, by any Person from whom any Loan Party purchases goods or by any other Person from whom such first Person
purchases or otherwise receives goods in the ordinary course of business, or (b) any products, proceeds or derivatives of any such farm product or other agricultural product (including, without limitation, any accounts receivable arising from
the sale of any such farm product, other agricultural product or any products, proceeds or derivatives thereof). 

Anti-Corruption
Laws means the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and any other anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or ordinances in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is located or doing business. 

Anti-Terrorism Laws means any Laws relating to terrorism, Sanctions or other trade sanctions programs and embargoes,
import/export licensing or money laundering (including the PATRIOT Act), and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Laws. 

Applicable Farm means any Farm Project or Farm. 

Applicable Food and Feed Safety Law means each Applicable Law with respect to the safety of food and feed products,
including without limitation the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. No. 111-353, 124 Stat. 3885 (2011) and corresponding rules and regulations, each as amended from time to time. 

Applicable Interest Rate means a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. 

Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such Person is subject.

Applicable Margin means: 

(a) during the period commencing on the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date and continuing to but excluding the Interest Rate Step-Up Date, (i) with respect to Term SOFR Term Loans, a rate equal to 2.00% per annum, and (ii) with respect to ABR Loans, a rate equal to 1.00% per annum; and 

-2- 

(b) on and after the Interest Rate
Step-Up Date, (i) with respect to Term SOFR Term Loans, a rate equal to 6.00% per annum, and (ii) with respect to ABR Loans, a rate equal to 5.00% per annum. 

Approved Budget means, at any time, the budget most recently submitted to the Lender pursuant to Section 5.2(c), but
only so long as such budget has been approved by the Lender in its reasonable discretion in writing. 

Attributable
Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with
GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if
such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with
respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment
period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 

Benchmark means, initially, Term SOFR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to
Section 2.11, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the
published component used in the calculation thereof. 

Benchmark Replacement means the sum of: 

(1) the alternate benchmark rate; and 

(2) an adjustment; 

where an
alternate benchmark and an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) has been selected by the Lender as the replacement for relevant tenor giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including
any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Governmental Body. In the event the Benchmark Replacement as determined above is less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational
matters) that the Lender (in consultation with the Company) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Lender in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice (or, if the Lender decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Lender determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement
exists, in such other manner of administration as the Lender (in consultation with the Company) decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

-3- 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current
Benchmark, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark,
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification has the meaning specified in Section 8.12. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Bitterroot Lease Agreement means the Lease (Single Tenant; Gross) dated as of June 12, 2020, between Grow Bitterroot,
LLC, as landlord, and Bounti Bitterroot, as tenant. 

Borrowers has the meaning specified in the preamble. 

Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (a) 80% of Eligible Accounts as of
such date plus (b) 60% of Eligible Inventory as of such date. 

Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate in
form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender, signed by a Financial Officer of the Company and certifying the calculation of the Borrowing Base. 

Bounti Bitterroot means Bounti Bitterroot LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Business Day means any day other than (a) a Saturday or Sunday, (b) a day that is a legal holiday under the laws
of the State of New York or Minnesota or is a day on which banking institutions in such state are authorized or required by Law to close, and (c) for purposes of Term SOFR setting, a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 

Capital Expenditure means, with respect to any Person, any expenditure that is required under GAAP, consistently applied,
to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person. 

Capitalized Lease means each lease that has been or is required
to be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as a capital or finance lease. 

Carpinteria (California) Deed of Trust
(Senior) means the Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing (Senior) dated as of June 6, 2022, made by Hollandia Real Estate, as grantor, to First American Title Insurance Company, as trustee, in favor
of the Lender, as beneficiary, recorded June 8, 2022 as document number 2022-0027539 in the real property records of Santa Barbara County, California. 

Carpinteria (California) Farm means a Farm or Farm Project located at the Carpinteria (California) Property. 

-4- 

Carpinteria (California) Property means the real property described on
Exhibit A to the Carpinteria (California) Deed of Trust (Senior). 

Cash Equivalents means: 

(a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United
States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; 

(b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of
acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from a Credit Rating Agency; 

(c) investments in certificates of deposit,
bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank
organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof that has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000; 

(d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause
(a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; and 

(e) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule
2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA and Aaa (or equivalent rating) by at least two Credit Rating Agencies and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or
taking effect of any Law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or
issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the
date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Change of Control means any event, circumstance or occurrence that results in
(i) Holdings failing to own and Control, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Equity Interests of the Company, free and clear of all Liens other than Liens in favor of the Lender, (ii) the Company failing to own and Control, directly or
indirectly, 100% of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party, free and clear of all Liens other than Liens in favor of the Lender (it being agreed that a Change of Control shall not occur to the extent a Loan Party or other Subsidiary dissolves
or merges into a Loan Party in accordance with Section 6.3, with such Loan Party continuing as the surviving entity), (iii) at any time after the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date, any person or group (as such terms are
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its Subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or
administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a
person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that 

-5- 

such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right)), directly or
indirectly, of 30% or more of the Equity Interests of Holdings entitled to vote for members of the Governing Board of Holdings on a fully diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire
pursuant to any option right), except in each case, in respect of any beneficial ownership of (x) the Lender or any of its Affiliates arising under the Warrant Agreements or resulting from the exercise of the warrants thereunder or (y) any
investor identified on Exhibit A to the PIPE Purchase Agreement, or (iv) a change in the composition of the Governing Board of Holdings, the Company or any Subsidiary Borrower such that Continuing Directors cease to constitute 50% or more of
such Persons Governing Board. 

Closing Date means the date of this Agreement. 

Closing Date Letter Agreement means Letter Agreement dated as of the Closing Date between the Company and the Lender. 

Closing Date Warrant Agreement means the Warrant Agreement dated as of the Closing Date made by Holdings, as company, in
favor of Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., as holder. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. 

Collateral means any and all assets on which a Lien is granted to the Lender to secure any or all of the
Obligations. 

Collateral Assignment means: 

(a) with respect to any Material Project Document, a collateral assignment in favor of and in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Lender, duly executed by the applicable parties thereto and consented to and acknowledged by (x) with respect to any GC Contract, the applicable General Contractor, and (y) with respect to any other Material Project
Document, to the extent reasonably requested by the Lender, the Material Project Participant party to such Material Project Document; provided that, solely with respect to Project Licenses, the Loan Parties shall only be required to use
commercially reasonable efforts to deliver consents and acknowledgments of collateral assignments in respect of Project Licenses under this clause (a)(y); and 

(b) with respect to any Material Agreement (other than a Material Project Document), when reasonably requested by the Lender,
(x) a collateral assignment in favor of and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender, duly executed by the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary and (y) consented to and acknowledged by each other Person party to or other
Person who has an interest in such Material Agreement; provided that, except in the case of Third-Party Farm Lease Agreements, the Loan Parties shall only be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver consents and
acknowledgments of collateral assignments from third parties under this clause (b)(y). 

Collateral Documents means,
collectively, the Security Agreement, each Account Control Agreement, each Mortgage, each Collateral Assignment, each Lien Waiver Agreement and each other instrument, certificate or document pursuant to which any Borrower or any other Loan Party has
granted a Lien to the Lender to secure any or all of the Obligations. 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 

Common Stock means
the Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Holdings. 

-6- 

Completion Deadline means, with respect to each Farm Project, the date
determined by the Borrowers and reasonably acceptable to the Lender by which the Final Completion Date with respect to such Farm Project must occur, which date will be set forth in the Initial Construction Budget and Construction Schedule applicable
to such Farm Project. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Borrowers acknowledge and agree that, subject to the Eleventh Amendment, the Completion Deadline with respect to each of the Pasco (Washington) Farm, the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm
and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm is August 29, 2025. 

Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in
the form of Exhibit C attached hereto or such other form approved by the Lender. 

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
means, with respect to the Consolidated Group, for the applicable measurement period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus, without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum
of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense, (b) provision for Taxes based on income, (c) depreciation expense, (d) amortization expense, (e) unusual or non-recurring charges, expenses or
losses and (f) other non-cash charges, expenses or losses (excluding any such non-cash charge to the extent it represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash
charge in any future period or amortization of a prepaid cash charge that was paid in a prior period), minus, to the extent included in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) unusual or non-recurring gains and non-cash income, (ii) any other non-cash income or gains increasing Consolidated Net Income for such
period (excluding any such non-cash gain to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for potential cash charge in any prior period) and (iii) any gains realized from the disposition
of property outside of the ordinary course of business, all as determined on a consolidated basis. 

Consolidated Group
means Holdings, the Company and the other Loan Parties, in each case, including, but not limited to, each Borrower. 

Consolidated
Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently completed Covenant Computation Period, to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense for the most recently
completed Covenant Computation Period. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, with respect to the applicable measurement
period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capitalized Leases) net of total interest income of the Consolidated Group on a consolidated basis for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Consolidated Group
(including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under Swap Contracts to the extent that such net costs are allocable to such period). 

Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to the applicable measurement period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of
the Consolidated Group on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (a) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party or is merged into
or consolidated with a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) in which a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent
that any such income is actually received by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions, and (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to the extent that the declaration or
payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any Contractual Obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary. 

-7- 

Construction Budget means, with respect to a Farm Project, a budget in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender (and, in the discretion of the Lender, after consultation with the Project Consultant), which may be revised from time to time by the Borrowers in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, and which sets forth all anticipated Project Costs, including, but not limited to, all construction and non-construction costs, all interest, fees and other carrying costs relating to such Farm
Project, and all applicable contingency reserves. Each Construction Budget shall contain a statement of sources and uses of proceeds, broken down as to separate construction phases and components, including line item costs breakdowns for all costs
by trade, job and subcontractor. 

Construction Schedule means, with respect to a Farm Project, a progress schedule in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender (and, in the discretion of the Lender, after consultation with the Project Consultant), showing the estimated commencement and completion dates for each material phase of such Farm Project,
including the construction, equipping and completion of such Farm Project, and setting forth the estimated Final Completion Date with respect to such Farm Project, as such progress schedule may be revised from time to time by the Borrowers in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Continuing Directors means, as of any date, (a) those
members of the Governing Board of a Person who assumed office prior to such date, and (b) those members of the Governing Board of a Person who assumed office after such date and whose appointment or nomination for election by such Persons
members was approved by the Governing Board of such Person in accordance with such Persons Organizational Documents. 

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement,
instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings analogous thereto. 

Covenant Compliance Date means the last day of each calendar quarter. 

Covenant Computation Period means the four consecutive calendar quarters immediately preceding and ending on a Covenant
Compliance Date. 

Credit Rating Agency means a nationally recognized credit rating agency that evaluates the financial
condition of issuers of debt instruments and then assigns a rating that reflects its assessment of the issuers ability to make debt payments. 

CRM means Cargill Risk Management, a division of Cargill, Incorporated, or any Affiliate thereof. 

Current Ratio means, as of any date of determination, (a) current assets of the Consolidated Group as of the
applicable Covenant Compliance Date to (b) current liabilities of the Consolidated Group as of the applicable Covenant Compliance Date, all determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America and all other liquidation, conservatorship,
bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting
the rights of creditors generally. 

-8- 

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default
or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 

Default Rate
means, as of any date of determination, the following: (a) for each Term Loan, the Applicable Interest Rate plus 3.00% per annum; and (b) for all other Obligations, the Applicable Interest Rate plus 3.00%. 

Delaware Code means the Delaware Code as defined in 1 Del. C. 101, as amended from time to time. 

Disbursing Agent means First American Title Insurance Company or such other title insurance company to the Lender in its
sole discretion. 

Disbursing Agreement means, individually and collectively, (i) the Disbursing Agreement of even
date herewith among the Company, the Lender and the Disbursing Agent, and (ii) any other disbursing agreement entered into from time to time among one or more of the Loan Parties, the Lender and the Disbursing Agent. 

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition of any property or
asset by any Person, including, but not limited to, any sale and leaseback transaction, any division under the Delaware Code, any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person, or any sale, discounting, assignment, transfer
or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 

Disqualified Equity Interest means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or the terms of any security or other Equity
Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity
Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to
the prior Payment in Full of all Obligations), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable
for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date; provided that if such Equity Interests are issued in the ordinary
course of business pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be
required to be repurchased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations. 

Dollar, Dollars, U.S. Dollars and $ mean lawful money of the
United States. 

Eleventh Amendment means the Restructuring Agreement and Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreement
dated as of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date among the Borrowers, Holdings, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Subordinated Creditor and the Lender. 

Eleventh Amendment Effective Date means March 31, 2025. 

Eligible Accounts means Accounts due to the Loan Parties which are (i) subject to a first-priority perfected Lien in
favor of the Lender and (ii) otherwise eligible to be included in the Borrowing Base as determined by the Lender in its sole discretion. 

-9- 

Eligible Inventory means inventory of the Loan Parties which is
(i) subject to a first-priority perfected Lien in favor of the Lender and (ii) otherwise eligible to be included in the Borrowing Base as determined by the Lender in its sole discretion. 

Environmental Indemnity means the Environmental Indemnity Agreement of even date herewith by the Borrowers in favor of the
Lender. 

Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, Laws, regulations,
ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions, including all common law, relating to pollution or the protection of health, safety or the environment
(including, without limitation, water rights and entitlements, including the right to extract and beneficially use groundwater) or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to Hazardous Materials, air emissions,
discharges to waste or public systems and health and safety matters. 

Environmental Liability means any liability or
obligation, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly, resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law,
(b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment, disposal or permitting or arranging for the disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of
any Hazardous Materials or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

EPA means the United States Environmental Protection Agency or any successor agency thereto, whether acting through a
local, state, federal or other office. 

Equity Interests means, as to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of
(or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the
securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other
interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are
outstanding on any date of determination. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrowers or
another Loan Party within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) of the Code or Section 4001(a) of ERISA. 

ESOP Share Seller means the Hollandia Produce Group, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Trust. 

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Article VII. 

Excluded Accounts has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. 

Excluded Contractor or Subcontractor means each contractor or subcontractor engaged to furnish materials or services in
connection with a Farm Project pursuant to contracts, purchase orders or other agreements that in the aggregate are less than $50,000 (or such greater amount as the Disbursing Agent and the Lender may agree to in writing) with respect to each such
contractor or subcontractor. 

-10- 

Excluded Swap Obligations means with respect to any Guarantor, any
obligations in respect of Swap Obligations if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligations (or any guaranty thereof) is or
becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for
any reason not to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the guaranty of such Guarantor becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligations. For purposes of this
definition, Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligations to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity
Exchange Act. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to the Lender or required to
be withheld or deducted from a payment to the Lender: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of the Lender being organized
under the laws of, or having its principal office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of the Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes
imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of the Lender with respect to an applicable interest in the Term Loan pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which the Lender acquires such interest in the Term Loan, and (c) any withholding
Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Existing Bridge Indebtedness means the Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement dated as of
March 22, 2021 between the Company and the Lender (as defined therein). 

Exiting Lenders means, as of the Closing
Date, the holders of any Indebtedness of any Loan Party (other than Permitted Indebtedness). 

Expansion Indebtedness
has the meaning specified in Section 6.1(l). 

Farm means a greenhouse facility and associated infrastructure. 

Farm Lease Agreement means each lease agreement in respect of a Farm Project Site. 

Farm Project means the development, design, construction, equipping, retrofitting, improvement, testing and completion of a
Farm in accordance with the terms of the relevant Project Documents, including (a) all equipment, buildings, structures, improvements, fixtures, attachments, appliances, machinery and systems in connection with such Farm and (b) all
Project Documents and other contracts and agreements related thereto. 

Farm Project Site means the real property in
which a Loan Party has a fee simple or leasehold interest and upon which a Farm Project or Farm is or will be located. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

-11- 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the greater of
(a) the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days Federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public
website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the Federal funds effective rate and (b) 0%. 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 

Fee Letter means each of (a) the Fee Letter dated as of the Closing Date among the Borrowers and the Lender,
(b) the First Amendment Fee Letter and (c) each separate agreement entered into from time to time by and between the Borrowers or any other Loan Party and the Lender, in each case setting forth certain fees to be paid by the Borrowers or
such other Loan Party to the Lender, as more fully set forth therein. 

Final Completion Certificate means a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of the Company in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto. 

Final Completion Date
means with respect to any Farm Project, the date on which (a) construction of such Farm Project has been completed in accordance with the terms of the applicable Project Documents and the Loan Documents and the requirements of all Applicable
Laws and third-party and governmental consents and approvals; (b) full and final unconditional waivers of mechanics Liens from all contractors engaged in connection with such Farm Project shall have been delivered to the Lender;
(c) a certificate of occupancy or other applicable approval from the appropriate Governmental Authority permitting occupancy of the applicable Farm shall have been issued as to the applicable Farm; provided, that the Final Completion
Date shall not be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Farm Project until (i) the Company shall have delivered to the Lender a duly executed Final Completion Certificate, specifying the Final Completion Date with respect to such Farm
Project and certifying as to items set forth in the preceding clauses (a) through (c), and (ii) the Lender shall have received a certificate or other writing from the Project Consultant, if any, certifying that construction of such Farm
Project is complete. 

Financial Officer means, as to any Person, the chief financial officer, principal accounting
officer, treasurer or controller of such Person. 

First Amendment means the First Amendment to Credit Agreements and
Subordination Agreement dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date among the Borrowers, Holdings, the Lender and the Subordinated Creditor. 

First Amendment Effective Date means March 14, 2022. 

First Amendment Fee Letter means the Fee Letter dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date among the Loan Parties and
the Lender. 

First Amendment Funding Date means the date on which the First Amendment Term Loan hereunder is funded to
the Borrowers. 

First Amendment Joinder Parties means the Paragon Entities (other than Hollandia GA Investor Corp. and
Hollandia GP) and Greeley LLC. 

First Amendment Term Loan means, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein
and in the First Amendment, the Term Loan to be made on the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date. 

-12- 

Fiscal Year means, with respect to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary, a
calendar year ending December 31. 

Flood Laws means, collectively, (a) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968,
(b) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, (c) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and (d) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Act of 2012, in each case, as now or hereinafter in effect, and any successor statute
thereto, and all such other Applicable Laws related thereto. 

Food Security Act means 7 U.S.C. Section 1631, and
any successor statute thereto, together with each law establishing a central filing system (as defined in 7 U.S.C. Section 1631) that has been certified by the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture. 

Force Majeure Event means any event or condition outside the reasonable control of the Borrowers (including fire,
earthquake, natural disaster, flooding or other casualty or act of God) occurring or arising after the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date that prevents the construction, development or operation of any Farm Project or Farm; provided, that the
characterization of any event or condition as a Force Majeure Event is subject to the following requirements and conditions: (i) no event or condition shall be deemed a Force Majeure Event to the extent that the Loan Parties could have overcome
such event or condition through the exercise of reasonable care and diligence; (ii) the Borrowers shall deliver to the Lender within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence of any claimed Force Majeure Event written notice thereof,
setting forth the cause of such claimed Force Majeure Event, the date on which such claimed Force Majeure Event commenced and the efforts of the Loan Parties to minimize the effect and duration thereof; and (iii) inadequate funding availability
or capability or inability to obtain equity, financing or insurance on the part of the Loan Parties shall not be deemed a suitable rationale for a Force Majeure Event. 

Free Cash Flow means, with respect to the Consolidated Group, for any Relevant Quarter, the sum of (a) cash flow
generated from operating activities (as defined under GAAP) during such Relevant Quarter, minus (without duplication) (b) the sum of (i) payments of principal and interest with respect to the Term Loans paid in cash during such
Relevant Quarter, (ii) regularly scheduled rent or lease payments under the STORE Lease Agreement paid in cash during such Relevant Quarter, (iii) regularly scheduled rent or lease payments under the Bitterroot Lease Agreement paid in cash
during such Relevant Quarter, (iv) regularly scheduled principal and interest payments with respect to Expansion Indebtedness (if any) paid in cash during such Relevant Quarter, and (v) regularly scheduled cash payments in respect of
financing for the Ohio Farm Project permitted under Section 6.8(d)(ii), in each case without duplication; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that any of the items set forth in the preceding clauses (b)(i) through (and
including) (b)(v) are used to calculate cash flow generated from operating activities for purposes of the preceding clause (a), each such item shall be disregarded for purposes of calculating Free Cash Flow hereunder (and no such item shall be used
as a deduction to cash flow generated from operating activities under the preceding clause (b)). 

GAAP means, subject
to Section 1.3, United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect as of the date of determination thereof. 

GC Contract means, with respect to a Farm Project, an agreement for general contract services entered into between the
General Contractor engaged for such Farm Project, on the one hand, and any Borrower or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary, on the other hand. 

General Contractor means, with respect to a Farm Project, a Person engaged by any Borrower or any other Loan Party or
Subsidiary to act as the general contractor for such Farm Project, which Person shall in each case be acceptable to the Lender in its reasonable discretion. 

-13- 

Governing Board means, with respect to any corporation, limited liability
company or similar Person, the board of directors, board of governors or other body or entity that sets overall institutional direction for such Person (including, with respect to any trust, the trustees thereof). 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political
subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or
pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Greeley
LLC means Local Bounti Texas LLC (formerly known as 2139 E. 8th Street Greeley, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company. 

Grow Bounti Northwest means Grow Bounti NorthWest, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Guarantor means each Person guarantying the payment of the Obligations pursuant to a Guaranty. 

guaranty means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guarantying or having
the economic effect of guarantying any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person,
direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the
obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or
level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such
Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation
of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term
guaranty shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any guaranty shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary
obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such guaranty is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guarantying Person in good faith. The term
guaranty as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Guaranty means each guaranty, in form and substance
acceptable to the Lender, guarantying the payment of the Obligations. 

Hamilton (Montana) Fee Deed of Trust (Senior)
means the Real Estate Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing (Senior) dated as of April 15, 2022, made by 531 Foley Lane Hamilton, LLC, as grantor, to First American Title Insurance Company, as trustee, in
favor of the Lender, as beneficiary, recorded April 18, 2022 as document number 774844 of the real property records of Ravalli County, Montana. 

Hamilton (Montana) Fee Farm means a Farm or Farm Project located at the Hamilton (Montana) Fee Property. 

-14- 

Hamilton (Montana) Fee Property means the real property described on
Exhibit A to the Hamilton (Montana) Fee Deed of Trust (Senior). 

Hamilton (Montana) Leasehold Deed of Trust (Senior)
means the Leasehold Real Estate Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing (Senior) dated as of November 23, 2021, made by Bounti Bitterroot, as grantor, to First American Title Insurance Company, as trustee, in
favor of the Lender, as beneficiary, recorded November 24, 2021 as document number 769180 of the real property records of Ravalli County, Montana. 

Hamilton (Montana) Leasehold Farm means a Farm or Farm Project located at the Hamilton (Montana) Leasehold Property. 

Hamilton (Montana) Leasehold Property means the real property described on Exhibit A to the Hamilton (Montana) Leasehold
Deed of Trust (Senior). 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous
or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes, and any other substance or wastes defined
as a hazardous waste, hazardous material, hazardous substance, extremely hazardous waste, restricted hazardous waste, toxic waste or toxic substance pursuant to any
Environmental Law. 

Holdings means, following the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date, Local Bounti Corporation,
a Delaware corporation, as successor to Leo Holdings III Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company which shall have domesticated as a Delaware corporation in accordance with the terms of the SPAC Merger Agreement. 

Hollandia GA means Hollandia Produce GA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Hollandia GA Investor Corp. means Hollandia Produce GA Investor Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 

Hollandia GP means Hollandia GP, LLC, a California limited liability company. 

Hollandia Real Estate means Hollandia Real Estate, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Impacted Individual Farm has the meaning specified in Section 6.8(c). 

Impacted Individual Farm Adjustment means, to the extent a Force Majeure Event has occurred at one or more Impacted
Individual Farms, for any Impacted Measurement Period, the difference of (x) 1 minus (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Individual Budgeted EBITDA of such Impacted Individual Farm (or, if more than one Impacted Individual
Farm, the sum of all such Impacted Individual Farms Individual Budgeted EBITDA) for such Impacted Measurement Period, and the denominator of which is the Total Budgeted EBITDA of the Consolidated Group for such Impacted Measurement Period.

Impacted Measurement Period has the meaning specified in Section 6.8(c). 

Impacted Minimum EBITDA has the meaning specified in Section 6.8(c). 

Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not
included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 

-15- 

(a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of
such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 

(b) all obligations of
such Person for the deferred purchase price of property, assets or services (other than trade payables, in each case to the extent payable in the ordinary course of business); 

(c) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under (i) letters of credit (including standby and
commercial), bankers acceptances and bank guaranties and (ii) surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments issued or created by or for the account of such Person; 

(d) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person
(including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements); 

(e) all obligations,
contingent or otherwise, of such Person in connection with any securitization of any products, receivables or other property or assets which obligations are recourse to such Person or such Persons property or assets; 

(f) all obligations of such Person under factoring agreements or similar arrangements; 

(g) all Attributable Indebtedness; 

(h) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests; 

(i) all other obligations of such Person which are required to be reflected in, or are reflected in, such Persons
financial statements recorded or treated as indebtedness under GAAP; 

(j) net obligations of such Person under any Swap
Contract; and 

(k) all guaranties of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is
itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any
Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (d) that is expressly made non-recourse or limited-recourse (limited solely to the assets securing such Indebtedness) to such Person shall be deemed to be
equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap
Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 

Indemnified Taxes means
(a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of the Obligations under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 8.3(b). 

Individual Budgeted EBITDA has the meaning specified in Section 5.2(c). 

-16- 

Initial Construction Budget means, with respect to each Farm Project, the
initial Construction Budget delivered to the Lender in respect of such Farm Project, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender in its reasonable discretion. 

Initial Optionality Term Loans means, as of any day, so long as the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans exceeds
the Initial Optionality Threshold, the portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans in excess of the Initial Optionality Threshold as of such day. 

Initial Optionality Threshold means $100,000,000. 

Interest Payment Date means the first Business Day of each calendar quarter. 

Interest Period means, with respect to any Term Loan, the period commencing on the last Business Day of a calendar quarter
and ending on the last day of the immediately succeeding calendar quarter; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day
unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar quarter, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, and (ii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, however, (A) the initial Interest Period with respect to any Term Loan (other than a Term Loan made on the last Business Day of a calendar quarter) shall be the period commencing
on the date on which such Term Loan is made and ending on the last Business Day of the calendar quarter in which such Term Loan is made. 

Interest Rate Step-Up Date means April 1, 2031. 

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of
(a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or debt or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guaranty or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt
or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor incurs Indebtedness of the type referred to in clause (k) of the
definition of Indebtedness in respect of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another
Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or
decreases in the value of such Investment but giving effect to any returns or distributions of capital or repayment of principal actually received in cash by such Person with respect thereto. 

Investor Rights Agreement means the Investor Rights Agreement dated as of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date among
Holdings and the Investors (as defined therein). 

Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement substantially in the form
of Exhibit F hereto or any other form accepted by the Lender in its sole discretion. 

Junior Debt means
(a) unsecured Indebtedness or (b) other Indebtedness that (i) is secured by Liens on Collateral that have a priority that is junior to the Liens on Collateral that secure the Obligations, (ii) by its terms, is contractually
subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, and (iii) is subject to an intercreditor or subordination agreement acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion. 

-17- 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and
local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement,
interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of
law. 

Lender has the meaning specified in the preamble. 

Licenses means all franchises, permits, licenses and other rights, including all governmental approvals, authorizations,
consents, licenses and permits, that are necessary or required for the conduct of the businesses conducted by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the construction and operation of any Farm. 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or
other, including, without limitation, mechanics liens), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement,
any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 

Lien Waiver Agreement means any landlords waiver, bailee waiver or other lien waiver or subordination agreement, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender, duly executed by the parties thereto. 

Liquidity means, as of
any date of determination, the sum of all Unrestricted Cash of the Loan Parties. 

Loan Documents means, collectively,
this Agreement, the Term Loan Note, the Collateral Documents, the Guaranty, the Disbursing Agreement, the Environmental Indemnity, the Perfection Certificate, the Closing Date Letter Agreement, each Fee Letter, each Borrowing Base Certificate and
each other instrument, certificate or document delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, without limitation, each amendment hereto and thereto); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Warrant Agreement shall be a Loan
Document. 

Loan Parties means the Borrowers, any Guarantor and any other Person that grants a Lien on any of its assets
to secure the Obligations. 

Loan Request means a request for a Term Loan, in each case substantially in the form of
Exhibit B hereto or any other form accepted by the Lender in its sole discretion. 

Management Agreement has the
meaning specified in Section 6.7(b). 

Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X
of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in or a material adverse effect on the operations,
business, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrowers (taken as a whole) or of any other Loan Party (individually), or (b) a material adverse effect on (i) the ability of any Loan Party to punctually perform any of
the Obligations, (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Loan Document or (iii) the rights, remedies and benefits available to, or conferred upon, the Lender under any Loan Documents. 

-18- 

Material Agreement means (a) the SPAC Merger Agreement,
(b) each Material Project Document, (c) each Farm Lease Agreement, (d) each STORE Document, (e) the Bitterroot Lease Agreement and each other Farm Lease Agreement, (f) each Warrant Agreement, (g) each Paragon Purchase
Agreement and each other Paragon Purchase Document, (h) each PIPE Transaction Document, (i) each agreement, contract, note, bond, debenture or other instrument evidencing Indebtedness of any Loan Party or Subsidiary in an aggregate
principal amount in excess of $2,000,000; and (j) without limiting the foregoing, each other agreement, contract, License or instrument (including any supply, sales, input or offtake agreement) binding on any Loan Party or Subsidiary pursuant
to which either (x) such Person shall pay or receive more than $2,000,000 per annum in the aggregate, or (y) the cancellation, termination or suspension of which, or the failure of any party thereto to perform its obligations thereunder,
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, in no event will any Loan Document constitute a Material Agreement for purposes of this Agreement. 

Material Project Contractor means, with respect to a Specified Farm Project, the General Contractor engaged for such Farm
Project and any contractor whose work, equipment and/or supplies provided with respect to such Farm Project exceeds $500,000 in the aggregate. 

Material Project Documents means, with respect to a Specified Farm Project, the applicable Project Plans, Project Licenses,
GC Contract, Construction Budget, Construction Schedule, construction payment and performance bonds (if any), insurance certificates, and each contract or supply agreement entered into by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary in
connection with such Farm Project pursuant to which such Person shall pay or receive more than $500,000 per annum in the aggregate. 

Material Project Participants means, collectively, any Borrower, each other Loan Party and each other Person that is from
time to time a party to a Material Project Document. 

Maturity Date means December 31, 2035, unless, in each case,
the Obligations have been accelerated in accordance with Section 7.1, in which case the Maturity Date shall mean the date of such acceleration. 

Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 8.13. 

Measurement Period has the meaning specified in Section 6.8(c). 

Mortgage means a mortgage (including a leasehold mortgage), deed of trust or similar security instrument from a Loan Party,
pursuant to which such Loan Party grants the Lender a Lien on real property and related improvements to secure payment of the Obligations. 

Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Deed of Trust (Senior) means the Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Financing
Statement (Senior) dated as of February 28, 2023, made by Grow Bounti Northwest, as grantor, to Peter S. Graf, Republic Title of Texas, Inc., as trustee, in favor of the Lender, as beneficiary, recorded March 3, 2023 as document number
20230658 in the real property records of Titus County, Texas 

Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm means a Farm or Farm Project
located at the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Property. 

Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Property means the real property described on
Exhibit A to the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Deed of Trust (Senior). 

-19- 

Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition, the cash and
Cash Equivalent proceeds thereof received by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary, net of reasonable and documented brokerage, legal, accounting and other fees and expenses, to the extent actually paid from such gross proceeds to Persons
other than Affiliates of any Loan Party, (b) with respect to any issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or Equity Interests, the cash and Cash Equivalent proceeds thereof, net of reasonable and documented fees, commissions, costs, underwriting
discounts and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith, and (c) with respect to any casualty or condemnation event, the cash and Cash Equivalent proceeds thereof received by any Loan Party or Subsidiary, net of reasonable and
documented legal, accounting and other fees and expenses, to the extent actually paid from such gross proceeds to Persons other than Affiliates of any Loan Party. If any proceeds are received in a form other than cash or Cash Equivalents and
subsequently converted into cash or Cash Equivalents, then such proceeds shall be treated as Net Proceeds for purposes of this definition at such time as they are converted into cash or Cash Equivalents. 

Obligations means (a) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party
arising under any Loan Document, and (b) all Swap Obligations, and other obligations with respect to any Swap Contract, of any Loan Party to a Swap Party, in each case (whether under the foregoing clause (a) or clause (b)) direct or
indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or Affiliate thereof
of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include
(x) the obligation to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party or Subsidiary under any Loan Document and (y) the obligation of each Loan Party or Subsidiary to reimburse any
amount in respect of any of the foregoing that the Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrowers. Notwithstanding the foregoing or the terms of any other Loan Document, the Obligations guaranteed
by any Loan Party or secured by any Lien granted by any Loan Party shall exclude any obligations constituting Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Loan Party. 

OFAC means the United States Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Organizational Documents means (a) as to any corporation, the charter or certificate or articles of incorporation and
the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), (b) as to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization
and operating or limited liability agreement and (c) as to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement,
instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles
of formation or organization of such entity. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to the Lender, Taxes imposed
as a result of a present or former connection between the Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from the Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments
under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in the Term Loan or any Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 

-20- 

Oxnard (California) Deed of Trust (Senior) means the Deed of Trust,
Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing (Senior) dated as of June 6, 2022, made by Hollandia Real Estate, as grantor, to First American Title Insurance Company, as trustee, in favor of the Lender, as beneficiary, recorded
June 8, 2022 as document number 2022000065277 in the real property records of Ventura County, California. 

Oxnard
(California) Farm means a Farm or Farm Project located at the Oxnard (California) Property. 

Oxnard (California)
Property means the real property described on Exhibit A to the Oxnard (California) Deed of Trust (Senior). 

PACA means the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 1930, as amended (7 U.S.C. 499(e)(c)(2) et seq.),
together with all rules and regulations relating thereto or promulgated thereunder by any Governmental Authority (including 7 C.F.R. 46.1 et seq.). 

Paragon means Hollandia Produce Group, Inc., a California corporation. 

Paragon Acquisition means the acquisition by the Company of Paragon, Hollandia GA Investor Corp., Hollandia GA and their
respective Subsidiaries and the acquisition of the Paragon Properties, in each case pursuant to the Paragon Purchase Documents. 

Paragon Acquisition Effective Date means the date on which each of (a) the Closing Date under and as
defined in the Paragon California PSA has occurred in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Paragon California PSA, (b) the Closing Date under and as defined in the Paragon Georgia PSA has occurred in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the Paragon Georgia PSA, (c) the Closing Date under and as defined in the Paragon Georgia UPA has occurred in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Paragon Georgia UPA, and (d) the
Closing Date under and as defined in the Paragon Property PSA has occurred in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Paragon Property PSA. 

Paragon California PSA means the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of March 14, 2022 among (1) the ESOP Share
Seller, as share seller, (2) Mosaic Capital Investors I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and True West Capital Partners Fund II, L.P. formerly known as Seam Fund II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as warrant sellers, (3) Mosaic
Capital Investors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, solely in its capacity as sellers representative (the Sellers Representative), (4) Paragon, (5) the Company, as purchaser, and (6) Holdings, as
parent, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of, and all of the issued and outstanding warrants to purchase shares of capital stock of, Paragon. The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that a
true, correct and complete copy of the Paragon California PSA was delivered to the Lender on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

Paragon Entities means, collectively, Paragon, Hollandia GA Investor Corp., Hollandia GA and their respective Subsidiaries.

Paragon Georgia PSA means the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of March 14, 2022 among (1) Mosaic
Capital Investors I, LP and True West Capital Partners Fund II, LP, as sellers, (2) the Sellers Representative, (3) the Company, as purchaser, (4) Hollandia GA Investor Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and (5) Holdings,
as parent, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Hollandia GA Investor Corp. holding all of the issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Units of Hollandia GA. The Borrowers
acknowledge and agree that a true, correct and complete copy of the Paragon Georgia PSA was delivered to the Lender on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

-21- 

Paragon Georgia UPA means the Unit Purchase Agreement dated as of
March 14, 2022 among (1) the individuals identified therein, as sellers, (2) the Company, as purchaser, and (3) Holdings, as parent, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding Class B
Common Units of Hollandia GA. The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that a true, correct and complete copy of the Paragon Georgia UPA was delivered to the Lender on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

Paragon Material Adverse Effect means a Company Material Adverse Effect, as defined in the Paragon California
PSA as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

Paragon Properties means, collectively, (i) the real
property and related improvements owned by the Paragon Property Purchaser, having a common address of 1550 Santa Monica Road, Carpinteria, Santa Barbara County, California 93013, (ii) the real property and related improvements owned by the Paragon
Property Purchaser, having a common address of 6135 North Rose Avenue, Oxnard, Ventura County, California 93036, and (iii) the real property and related improvements owned by the Paragon Property Purchaser, having a common address of Highway
41, Warner Robins, Peach County, Georgia 31088. 

Paragon Property PSA means the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of
March 14, 2022 between (1) STORE Master Funding XVIII, LLC, as seller, and (2) Hollandia Real Estate, LLC, as purchaser (the Paragon Property Purchaser), pursuant to which the seller agreed to sell, and Hollandia
Real Estate, LLC agreed to purchase, the Paragon Properties. The Borrowers acknowledge and agree that a true, correct and complete copy of the Paragon Property PSA was delivered to the Lender on the First Amendment Effective Date. 

Paragon Property Purchaser has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Paragon Property PSA. 

Paragon Purchase Agreements means, collectively, the Paragon California PSA, the Paragon Georgia PSA, the Paragon Georgia
UPA and the Paragon Property PSA. 

Paragon Purchase Documents means (a) the Paragon Purchase Agreements
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, all exhibits and schedules thereto), (b) the Registration Rights Agreement substantially in the form attached to the Paragon California PSA as Exhibit B, and (c) the Escrow Agreement substantially in the
form attached to the Paragon California PSA as Exhibit E. 

PASA means the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, as amended
(7 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), together with all rules and regulations relating thereto or promulgated thereunder (including 9 C.F.R. 200 et seq.). 

Pasco (Washington) Deed of Trust (Senior) means the Real Estate Deed of Trust and Fixture Filing, Assignment of Rents,
Issues and Profits (Senior) dated as of November 10, 2021, made by Grow Bounti Northwest, as grantor, to First American Title Insurance Company, as trustee, in favor of the Lender, as beneficiary, recorded November 10, 2021 as document
number 1950798 in the real property records of Franklin County, Washington. 

Pasco (Washington) Farm means a Farm or
Farm Project located at the Pasco (Washington) Property. 

Pasco (Washington) Property means the real property described
on Exhibit A to the Pasco (Washington) Deed of Trust (Senior). 

-22- 

PATRIOT Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 

Payment in Full means,
as of any date of determination, that (a) all commitments of the Lender with respect to the Term Loan Facility and all obligations of the Swap Parties in respect of Swap Contracts are terminated, and (b) the entire amount of principal of
and interest on the Term Loans, and all other amounts of fees, payments and other Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all obligations of the Loan Parties under Swap Contracts entered into
with any Swap Party) are paid in full in cash (other than contingent indemnification obligations and reimbursement obligations in respect of which no claim for payment has yet been asserted by the Person entitled thereto). Paid in
Full shall have a correlative meaning. 

Perfection Certificate means a certificate in form and substance
satisfactory to the Lender signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrowers setting forth certain information with respect to the Loan Parties, their Subsidiaries and their respective assets. 

Permitted Going Concern Qualification means, solely with respect to the audited financial statements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (or, if delivered after the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date, of the Consolidated Group) delivered to the Lender pursuant to Section 5.1(a) for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2021 and the Fiscal Year ending
December 31, 2022, a going concern or like qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph. 

Permitted
Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 6.1. 

Permitted Liens has the meaning specified in
Section 6.2. 

Person means any natural Person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture,
association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

PIK Toggle Election has the meaning
specified in Section 2.3(a)(II). 

PIPE Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of the
Eleventh Amendment Effective Date among Holdings and the Investors (as defined therein). 

PIPE Transaction Documents
means the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the Investor Rights Agreement, the Support Agreements and the Series A Certificate of Designations. 

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) maintained for
current or former employees, officers, members or directors of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate, or any such plan to which any Loan Party or Subsidiary is required to contribute on behalf of any of its current or former employees or with
respect to which such Loan Party or Subsidiary has any liability. 

Prepayment Event has the meaning specified in
Section 2.5. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the
Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as
the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Lender) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Lender). Any change in the
Prime Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 

-23- 

Producer means any producer, packer, processor, manufacturer, dealer,
broker, agent, person engaged in farming operations, cooperative whose members consist of any such Persons or other seller of perishable agricultural products or other agricultural goods, including, without limitation, potatoes, corn, Meat
Food Products, Livestock, Livestock Products, Poultry, Poultry Products (each as defined in PASA) and Perishable Agricultural Commodities (as defined in PACA). 

Project Consultant means a project consultant appointed or retained by the Lender and approved by the Company (such
approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to review, on behalf of the Lender, Construction Budgets, Construction Schedules, ongoing construction of any Farm Project, and/or other matters related to any Farm Project. To the extent a
Project Consultant has not been appointed or retained, the references in this Agreement to Project Consultant and related provisions shall have no force and effect and any required approvals, consents or other actions of the Project Consultant which
are required or to be performed shall be deemed given or performed, as the case may be. 

Project Costs means the
following costs and expenses incurred by the Borrowers or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary in connection with a Farm Project and set forth in the applicable Construction Budget or otherwise approved by the Lender (and, in the discretion of the
Lender, after consultation with the Project Consultant): (a) costs incurred by a Borrower or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary under any Project Documents with respect to the acquisition (including the acquisition of a Farm Project Site), site
preparation, design, engineering, procurement of equipment, construction, installation, start-up, mobilization and testing of a Farm Project (including costs associated with structural matters, piping, labor,
electrical, design and management and contingency matters); (b) fees and expenses incurred by or on behalf of a Borrower or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary in connection with any Farm Project and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to financing such Farm Project, including financial, working capital, accounting, legal, surveying and consulting fees, and the costs of engineering; (c) interest and fees on the Term
Loans with respect to a Farm Project; (d) insurance premiums with respect to any Mortgages for a Farm Project and as otherwise required pursuant to this Agreement; and (e) without duplication of the foregoing, Taxes, salaries, rent and
general administrative and overhead costs that are incurred by a Borrower or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary in connection with a Farm Project. 

Project Documents means the Material Project Documents, all other contracts or subcontracts entered into in connection with
a Farm Project and any other agreement, instrument or document relating to the ownership, design, development, construction, lease, maintenance, repair, improvement, management, operation or use of a Farm. 

Project Licenses means the Licenses required for construction and operation of a Farm Project. 

Project Plans means, with respect to a Farm Project, the plans and specifications for the construction and equipping of
such Farm Project, as the same may be revised from time to time in accordance with the Project Documents and the Loan Documents. 

Properties has the meaning specified in Section 3.14(b)(i). 

Purchase Money Security Interest means Liens upon fixed or capital assets or other tangible personal property securing
loans to any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party or deferred payments by such Loan Party or Subsidiary for the purchase of such fixed or capital assets or other tangible personal property. 

Qualified SPAC Transaction means the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
June 17, 2021 (the SPAC Merger Agreement), by and among Holdings, Longleaf Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Longleaf Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and the Company, which shall result in
minimum cash to the balance sheet of the Company, after the payment of transaction costs and expenses, of not less than $100,000,000. 

-24- 

Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date means the date on which the
Closing (as defined in the SPAC Merger Agreement) has occurred in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SPAC Merger Agreement (and including, for the avoidance of doubt, the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions set forth in Article VI
of the SPAC Merger Agreement). The Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date occurred on November 19, 2021. 

Related
Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, representatives, successors and assigns of such Person and of
such Persons Affiliates. 

Release means a release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit,
disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the indoor or outdoor environment or into or out of any property, in each case, of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil, surface water, groundwater or property. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Relevant Quarter has the meaning specified in Section 2.3(b). 

Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Loan Party, (a) the chief executive officer, president, executive vice
president or a Financial Officer of such Person, and (b) solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates and certified Organizational Documents and resolutions, any vice president, secretary or assistant secretary of such Loan
Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such
Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 

Restricted Payment
means any dividend or other distribution (including a return of capital and whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest of any Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including
any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Persons shareholders, partners or
members (or the equivalent Persons thereof). 

Restructuring Advisor means a restructuring advisor engaged by the Loan
Parties from time to time, in each case acceptable to, and on terms and conditions acceptable to, the Lender in its sole discretion. 

Restructuring Advisor Engagement Documents means the engagement letter and such other agreements and documents entered into
in connection with the engagement of a Restructuring Advisor, each in form and substance acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion (such engagement letter and such other agreements and documents, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) to include
a scope of work acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion, (ii) to require such Restructuring Advisor to approve any and all requests for borrowings under this Agreement, and (iii) to authorize such Restructuring Advisor to
communicate directly with, and to transmit information directly to, the Lender at any and all times regarding the Loan Parties and any aspect of the Loan Parties business (other than information subject to privilege with the Loan Parties), all
without any further authorization from or notice to any Loan Party). 

-25- 

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions,
secondary sanctions, trade embargoes and anti-terrorism laws imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the United States of America (including those administered by OFAC, the U.S. State Department, the U.S. Department of
Commerce, or through any existing or future Executive Order), (b) the United Nations Security Council, (c) the European Union, (d) the United Kingdom or (e) any other Governmental Authority in any jurisdiction in which (i) any
Loan Party is located or conducts business, (ii) in which any of the proceeds of the Term Loan will be used, or (iii) from which repayment of the Term Loan will be derived. 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal
functions. 

Security Agreement means (a) the Security Agreement dated as of September 3, 2021 between the
Company and the other Loan Parties from time to time party thereto, as debtors, and the Lender, as secured party, and (b) each other security agreement from one or more Loan Parties, pursuant to which such Loan Parties grant a Lien on any or
all of their assets to secure payment of the Obligations in favor of the Lender and in form and substance acceptable to the Lender, duly executed by the parties thereto. 

Sellers Representative has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Paragon California PSA.

Series A Certificate of Designations means the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of
Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock filed by Holdings on or prior to the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date. 

Series A Preferred Stock means the Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, of Holdings. 

Sixth Amendment Effective Date means March 28, 2023. 

Solvent means, as to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property
of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the
probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts and
liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The
amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured
liability. 

SPAC Merger Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Qualified SPAC
Transaction. 

Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default set forth in Sections 7.1(a), 7.1(b), 7.1(h),
7.1(i), 7.1(j), 7.1(o) or 7.1(w). 

Specified Farm Project means (i) the Specified Farms and (ii) each Farm
and Farm Project that is funded with proceeds of Term Loans (it being understood and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that any Specified Farm undergoing or otherwise subject to a phase 2 expansion or other expansion shall be deemed a
Specified Farm Project). 

-26- 

Specified Farms means, individually and collectively, (i) the Pasco
(Washington) Farm, (ii) the Hamilton (Montana) Leasehold Farm, (iii) the Hamilton (Montana) Fee Farm, (iv) the Carpinteria (California) Farm, (v) the Oxnard (California) Farm, (vi) the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm, and
(vii) the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm. 

Specified Purchase Agreement Representations means such of the
representations and warranties in the Paragon Purchase Agreements made by or with respect to the Paragon Entities or any seller party to a Paragon Purchase Agreement to the extent the Company has the right (taking into account any applicable cure
provisions) to terminate its obligations under the Paragon Purchase Agreements (without giving effect to the proviso in Section 9.01(f) of the Paragon California PSA) or to decline to consummate the Paragon Acquisition as a result of a breach
of such representations in the Paragon Purchase Agreements. 

Specified Representations means the representations and
warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Sections 3.1 (solely with respect to valid existence), 3.2(a), 3.4 (solely with respect to the Loan Documents), 3.9(d), 3.15, 3.17 and 3.18. 

STORE Documents means the STORE Purchase Agreement, the STORE Lease Agreement, the STORE Guaranty and all other
Transaction Documents as defined in the STORE Purchase Agreement. 

STORE Guaranty means the
Guaranty as defined in the STORE Purchase Agreement. 

STORE Lease Agreement means the Lease as
defined in the STORE Purchase Agreement. 

STORE Letter of Credit means the Letter of Credit as defined in
the STORE Purchase Agreement. 

STORE Purchase Agreement means the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of the Sixth
Amendment Effective Date between the STORE Sale-Leaseback Buyer, as purchaser, and Hollandia Real Estate, as seller, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or
modifications set forth in the Loan Documents). 

STORE Sale-Leaseback means the sale and leaseback transaction effected
and governed by the STORE Purchase Agreement, the STORE Lease Agreement and the other STORE Documents. 

STORE Sale-Leaseback
Buyer means STORE Capital Acquisitions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

STORE Sale-Leaseback Closing
Date means the date on which the Transaction (as defined in the STORE Purchase Agreement) is consummated and the STORE Sale-Leaseback becomes effective in accordance with the terms of the STORE Purchase Agreement, the STORE
Lease Agreement and the other STORE Documents. 

STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions means the following conditions
precedent, to be satisfied on or prior to the STORE Sale-Leaseback Closing Date: 

(a) the STORE Sale-Leaseback Closing Date
has occurred by no later than May 12, 2023; 

(b) the Lender shall have received true, correct and complete copies of
the STORE Lease Agreement and the other STORE Documents to be executed and delivered on or before the STORE Sale-Leaseback Closing Date, all in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender; 

-27- 

(c) the Lender shall have received a certificate, dated as of the STORE
Sale-Leaseback Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, certifying that (i) the STORE Purchase Agreement has not been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified since the Sixth Amendment Effective Date in a
manner adverse to the Lender, in each case without the prior written approval of the Lender, (ii) no Specified Event of Default exists before giving effect to the STORE Purchase Agreement, the STORE Sale-Leaseback or any other STORE Document on
the STORE Sale-Leaseback Closing Date or would result therefrom, and (iii) attached thereto are true, correct and complete copies of the STORE Lease Agreement and the other STORE Documents received or delivered on or before the STORE
Sale-Leaseback Closing Date; and 

(d) the Lender shall have received an amendment to each of the Carpinteria (California)
Deed of Trust (Senior) and the Oxnard (California) Deed of Trust (Senior), duly executed by the Loan Parties party thereto, in form for recording in the recording office of the applicable political subdivision where the Carpinteria (California) Farm
and the Oxnard (California) Farm is situated and accompanied by (i) a landlord waiver and consent to the Carpinteria (California) Deed of Trust (Senior) and the Oxnard (California) Deed of Trust (Senior) as so amended, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Lender and duly executed by the STORE Sale-Leaseback Buyer, (ii) an amendment or endorsement to the respective existing lenders title policy in favor of the Lender insuring the Carpinteria (California) Deed of Trust
(Senior) and the Oxnard (California) Deed of Trust (Senior), in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, and (iii) such legal opinions, certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or reports as shall be required or requested by the Lender in
connection therewith. 

Subordinated Credit Agreement means the Subordinated Credit Agreement of even date herewith
among the Company, the Subsidiary Borrowers and the Subordinated Creditor, governing a subordinated multi-advance term loan facility. 

Subordinated Creditor means the lender party to the Subordinated Credit Agreement. 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or joint venture or other
business entity of which a majority of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other Governing Board (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
are at the time owned or the management of which is Controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries
shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of any Loan Party. 

Support Agreements means the Support Agreements, to be
delivered to Holdings on or before the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date from each of Craig Hurlbert, Travis Joyner, Kathleen Valiasek, the other Persons party thereto, and their respective Affiliates. 

Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate
transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions,
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar
transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any
kind, and the related confirmations, that are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master
Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 

-28- 

Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation to pay
or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Swap Party means any party to a Swap Contract that is the Lender or any Affiliate of the Lender (including, without
limitation, CRM). 

Swap Termination Value means, as to any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the
effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination
value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as
determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include the Lender or any Affiliate of the Lender). 

Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a
so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on
the balance sheet of such Person but, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, tariffs, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup
withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Loan Amount means, as of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date, $322,000,000 (it being understood and agreed that, as
of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date (i) the unadvanced amount under the Term Loan Facility is $10,000,000 (such unadvanced amount, the Working Capital Term Loan Amount) and (ii) the Borrowers covenant and agree, to
the extent that the Borrowers request and the Lender funds Working Capital Term Loans in accordance with Section 4.5 and the other terms of this Agreement, the Borrowers shall use the proceeds of such Working Capital Term Loans solely for
working capital in accordance with Section 5.12(c)(ii)). 

Term Loan Facility means the term loan facility being
made available to the Borrowers by the Lender pursuant to Section 2.1. 

Term Loan Note means a promissory note of
the Borrowers payable to the Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit A, as such promissory note may be amended, extended or otherwise modified from time to time, and including each other promissory note accepted from time to time in
substitution therefor or in renewal thereof. 

Term Loan Termination Date means the earlier of (a) March 31,
2028, (b) the date on which the aggregate principal amount of all Working Capital Term Loans funded to the Borrowers in accordance with Section 4.5 equals the Working Capital Term Loan Amount, and (c) the date on which any Obligations are
accelerated pursuant to Article VII hereof or Applicable Law. 

Term Loans has the meaning specified in
Section 2.1. 

-29- 

Term SOFR means the CME Term SOFR Reference Rate as
administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or a successor administrator of that rate) displayed on the applicable Bloomberg screen page that displays such rate (or any replacement page which displays that rate and is chosen by the
Lender) as of approximately 5:00 a.m. for a tenor approximately equal to the number of days contained in the applicable Interest Period on the date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; provided
that if such tenor is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate or the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of such rate has announced that such tenor is not or will not be representative, then the Lender
may modify the definition of Interest Period to provide for a different tenor. 

If, for whatever reason, Term SOFR is not
published on a rate setting date as stated above and no Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, then the rate used will be that as published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or a successor) for the first preceding Business Day for
such tenor, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to the applicable rate setting date. 

In the event Term SOFR as determined above is less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Third-Party Farm Lease Agreement means a Farm Lease Agreement in respect of real property not owned in fee by a Loan Party.

Total Budgeted EBITDA has the meaning specified in Section 5.2(c). 

UCC and Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to time, be
in effect in the State of New York (the NY UCC); provided, however, in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the perfection or priority of the security interest in any Collateral is
governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof
relating to such perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions related to such provisions. 

United States and
U.S. mean the United States of America. 

Unrestricted Cash means, with respect to any Person, the
aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents reflected on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries and over which the Lender has a perfected first priority security interest. 

USDA means the United States Department of Agriculture, Office of Rural Development or any successor agency thereto,
whether acting through a local, state, federal or other office. 

Warner Robins (Georgia) Deed of Trust (Senior) means
the Deed to Secure Debt, Security Agreement, Assignment of Rents and Fixture Filing (Senior) dated as of June 6, 2022, made by Hollandia GA, as grantor, to the Lender, as grantee, recorded June 9, 2022 in Book 678, Page 699 of the real
property records of Peach County, Georgia. 

Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm means a Farm or Farm Project located at the
Warner Robins (Georgia) Property. 

Warner Robins (Georgia) Property means the real property described on Exhibit A to
the Warner Robins (Georgia) Deed of Trust (Senior). 

-30- 

Warrant Agreement means (i) the Closing Date Warrant Agreement,
(ii) the 2023 Warrant, and (iii) any other warrant made or issued from time to time by Holdings in favor of the Lender or an affiliate thereof. 

Working Capital Term Loan means a Term Loan made in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Section 4.5,
the proceeds of which are used solely for working capital in accordance with Section 5.12(c)(ii); provided that (i) as of the funding date of any Working Capital Term Loan, the principal amount of such Working Capital Term Loan may
not exceed the lesser of (x) the Borrowing Base certified to the Lender in accordance with Section 4.5(d) with respect to such Working Capital Term Loan and (y) the Working Capital Term Loan Amount, and (ii) the aggregate
principal amount of all Working Capital Term Loans may not exceed the Working Capital Term Loan Amount. 

Working Capital Term
Loan Amount has the meaning specified in the definition of Term Loan Amount. 

Section 1.2 Terms
Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words
include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word
shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to
time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors
and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all
references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise
specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all
tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the NY UCC and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have
the same meanings herein as set forth therein. 

Section 1.3 Accounting Terms; Changes in GAAP. 

(a) Accounting Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein
shall be construed in conformity with GAAP. Financial statements and other information required to be delivered by the Company pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) and 5.1(b) shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect at the time of such
preparation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries shall be deemed to
be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, any lease that was or would have been treated as an operating lease under GAAP as in effect on December 1, 2018 that would become or be treated as a Capitalized Lease solely as a result of a change in GAAP after
December 1, 2018 shall always be treated as an operating lease for purposes of determining compliance with the financial and other covenants set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

-31- 

(b) Changes in GAAP. If the Borrowers notify the Lender that the
Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Lender notifies the Borrowers that it
requests an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in
effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. 

Section 1.4 Time. All references to times of day in this Agreement shall be references to Minnesota time unless otherwise
specifically provided. 

Section 1.5 Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or
plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person,
then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the
holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

Section 1.6 Interest Rates. The interest rate on a Term Loan may be derived
from an interest rate benchmark that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such
interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with Applicable Laws, may be permanently discontinued, and/or the basis on which they are calculated may change. Section 2.11 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The
Lender does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the administration, submission, calculation or any other matter related to any Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates
referenced in the definition thereof or any alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, comparable or successor rate
(including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, such Benchmark or any other Benchmark, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 

ARTICLE II 

TERMS OF THE TERM LOAN FACILITY 

Section 2.1 Term Loan Facility. 

(a) Term Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, including specifically satisfaction of all
conditions set forth in Article IV, prior to the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date, the Lender may, in its sole discretion, and on and after the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date, the Lender agrees to, make one or more term loans (the Term
Loans) to the Borrowers from time to time during the period from the Closing Date to and including the Term Loan Termination Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Term Loan Amount; it being understood and agreed,
notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, that, subject to the satisfaction of all conditions set forth in Section 4.5, the Lender agrees to make one or more Working Capital Term Loans, but only so long as (i) as of
the funding date of any Working Capital Term Loan, the principal amount of such Working Capital Term Loan does not exceed the lesser of (x) the Borrowing Base certified to the Lender in accordance with Section 4.5(d) with respect to such
Working Capital Term Loan and (y) the Working Capital Term Loan 

-32- 

Amount, and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Working Capital Term Loans does not exceed the Working Capital Term Loan Amount. Each request by the Borrowers for a Term Loan shall be
deemed to be a representation by each Borrower that it shall be in compliance with the preceding sentence and with Article IV both before and after giving effect to the requested Term Loan. The Term Loan Facility (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, each Working Capital Term Loan made thereunder) is not a revolving credit facility; the Borrowers shall have no right to reborrow any portion of any Term Loan that has been repaid. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrowers acknowledge and
agree that, as of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date, the only unadvanced amount remaining under the Term Loan Facility is the Working Capital Term Loan Amount. 

(b) Requests for Term Loans. The Company may from time to time prior to the Term Loan Termination Date request that the
Lender make a Term Loan by delivering to the Lender, not later than 11:00 a.m. seven (7) Business Days prior to the proposed borrowing date (or (i) in the case of the First Amendment Term Loan, three (3) Business Days prior to the
First Amendment Funding Date, or (ii) in the case of any Working Capital Term Loan, three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed borrowing date thereof), a duly completed Loan Request. Each Loan Request shall be irrevocable and shall
specify the amount of the proposed Term Loan. 

Section 2.2 Interest on the Term Loans

. Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans for the period commencing on the Closing Date until the unpaid principal amount
thereof is Paid in Full, in accordance with the following: 

(a) Interest. Except as set forth in paragraph (b)
below, the outstanding principal balance of each Term Loan shall bear interest from the date such Term Loan is made until the Term Loan Facility is Paid in Full at the Applicable Interest Rate. 

(b) Default Interest. Notwithstanding paragraph (a), immediately and automatically upon the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default under clauses (a), (b), (h), (i) or (j) of Section 7.1, or immediately after written notice by the Lender to the Company after the occurrence and during the continuation of any other Event of Default
(and, to the extent specified in such notice, commencing as of the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default), all outstanding and unpaid Obligations shall bear interest at the Default Rate. 

(c) Interest Computation. All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that
interest computed by reference to the ABR at times when the ABR is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed
(including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(d) Continuation of Term SOFR Term Loans. In the case of any
Term SOFR Term Loan, the Interest Period shall commence on the date of advance of such Term SOFR Term Loan to the Borrowers and, in the case of immediately successive Interest Periods, each successive Interest Period shall automatically commence on
the date on which the immediately preceding Interest Period expires. 

Section 2.3 Payment of Principal and Interest. 

(a) Interest. The Borrowers shall pay accrued interest on the Term Loans as follows: 

(I) The aggregate amount of unpaid interest accrued during the period commencing on the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date
through and including December 31, 2026 (the Initial Accrued Interest) shall be due and payable by the Borrowers on January 4, 2027; provided, unless a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such
Initial Accrued Interest may be paid in kind on January 4, 2027 in accordance with Section 2.3(a)(V) below. 

-33- 

(II) During the period commencing January 1, 2027 and ending on
December 31, 2029, the Borrowers shall pay accrued interest on the Term Loans in cash on each Interest Payment Date (in arrears through the last day of the calendar quarter immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date), commencing with the
Interest Payment Date occurring on April 1, 2027 (with respect to interest accrued during the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2027); provided, notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans exceeds the Initial Optionality Threshold, and (iii) the Borrowers have delivered written notice of the election thereof (such written notice, a
PIK Toggle Election) to the Lender at least thirty (30) days prior to an Interest Payment Date, the quarterly interest payment on the Initial Optionality Term Loans on such Interest Payment Date may be paid in kind in
accordance with Section 2.3(a)(V) below. 

(III) During the period commencing January 1, 2030 and ending on the
day immediately preceding the Interest Rate Step-Up Date, the Borrowers shall pay accrued interest on the Term Loans in cash on each Interest Payment Date (in arrears through the last day of the calendar
quarter immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date), commencing with the Interest Payment Date occurring on April 1, 2030 (with respect to interest accrued during the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2030); provided,
notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans exceeds the Additional Optionality Threshold, and (iii) the
Borrowers have delivered a PIK Toggle Election to the Lender at least thirty (30) days prior to an Interest Payment Date, the quarterly interest payment on the Additional Optionality Term Loans on such Interest Payment Date may be paid in kind
in accordance with Section 2.3(a)(V) below. 

(IV) Commencing as of the Interest Rate
Step-Up Date and thereafter, the Borrowers shall pay accrued interest on the Term Loans in cash (i) on each Interest Payment Date (in arrears through the last day of the calendar quarter immediately
preceding such Interest Payment Date), commencing with the Interest Payment Date occurring on July 1, 2031 (with respect to interest accrued during the calendar quarter ending June 30, 2031) and (ii) on the Maturity Date. 

(V) Any interest paid in kind in accordance with this Section 2.3(a) shall be deemed paid and discharged, without the
taking of any further action by the Borrowers, by automatically adding such paid-in-kind interest to the principal balance of the Term Loans. After such paid-in-kind interest is added to the principal balance, such paid-in-kind interest shall be
treated as principal for all purposes hereunder and shall itself bear interest. 

(b) Principal. In addition to any
prepayments made pursuant to Sections 2.4 and 2.5, not later than ten (10) Business Days following the earlier of (x) the date on which quarterly financial statements are required to be delivered to the Lender pursuant to
Section 5.1(b) with respect to any calendar quarter (such quarter, a Relevant Quarter) and (y) the date on which quarterly financial statements are actually delivered to the Lender pursuant to Section 5.1(b) with
respect to any Relevant Quarter, the Borrowers shall (i) repay the Term Loans in an aggregate 

-34- 

principal amount equal to 50% of the Free Cash Flow during such Relevant Quarter, and (ii) deliver to the Lender a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company, setting forth in
reasonable detail the calculation of Free Cash Flow during such Relevant Quarter (it being understood and agreed that (A) for purposes of this Section 2.3(b), the first such Relevant Quarter with respect to which such payment and
certificate shall be required shall be the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2027, and (B) the Borrowers shall be required to deliver a certificate to the Lender in accordance with the preceding subclause (ii) for each Relevant
Quarter, regardless of whether Free Cash Flow for such Relevant Quarter was equal to or less than $0). If not sooner paid, the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans, all accrued interest thereon, any unpaid fees with respect thereto and
all other Obligations shall be due and payable in full in cash on the Maturity Date. 

(c) Default Rate. Without
limiting the foregoing, interest accruing at the Default Rate hereunder shall be due and payable upon the Lenders demand. Likewise, interest on the principal amount of the Term Loan or other monetary Obligation shall be due and payable on
demand after such principal amount or other monetary Obligation becomes due and payable (whether on the stated Maturity Date, upon an accelerated Maturity Date or otherwise). 

(d) Deduction from Controlled Accounts. At the election of the Lender, all payments of principal, interest, fees,
premiums, costs, expenses and other Obligations (including, without limitation, all fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 8.3), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may, following an Event of Default, be deducted by the
Lender from any deposit account of any Loan Party subject to an Account Control Agreement in favor of the Lender. Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the Borrowers payment obligations
hereunder), the Borrowers, for themselves and on behalf of the other Loan Parties, hereby irrevocably authorize the Lender (but with absolutely no obligation) to charge, following an Event of Default, any deposit account of any Loan Party subject to
an Account Control Agreement in favor of the Lender for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents. 

Section 2.4 Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrowers may at any time upon at least five (5) days (or such shorter period as
is acceptable to the Lender) prior written notice by the Borrowers to the Lender, prepay the Term Loans in whole or in part without premium. A prepayment notice delivered by the Borrowers to the Lender shall be irrevocable. An optional prepayment of
the Term Loans scheduled or anticipated to occur during any month (x) shall be made and effected on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Term Loans being prepaid, (y) shall be accompanied by accrued but unpaid interest on
the principal amount being prepaid, and (z) to the extent such optional prepayment prepays the Term Loans in whole, shall be accompanied by payment in full of all other Obligations. The proceeds of each optional partial prepayment of the Term
Loans shall be applied to the principal repayment installments thereof in inverse order of maturity. 

Section 2.5 Mandatory
Prepayment. 

(a) Promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days) after the occurrence of any Prepayment
Event, the Borrowers shall remit to the Lender an amount equal to 100% of the Net Proceeds realized by any Borrower or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary from such Prepayment Event. For the purpose of this Section 2.5, a Prepayment
Event means the receipt by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary of proceeds from: 

(i) the
Disposition of any assets by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary (except for Dispositions to the extent permitted by Section 6.4); 

-35- 

(ii) any casualty or other insurance maintained by any Borrower, any other
Loan Party or Subsidiary in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year (provided that such $500,000 minimum threshold shall not apply if any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing); provided,
however, that if (A) the Company shall deliver a certificate of a Financial Officer to the Lender at the time of receipt of such proceeds setting forth the Borrowers intent to reinvest such proceeds in productive assets of a kind
then used or usable in the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries (or to repair any property damaged in a casualty event) within 365 days of receipt of such proceeds, (B) the Borrowers promptly remit such proceeds to a deposit account
subject to a blocked Account Control Agreement, and (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing at the time of or after the occurrence of such casualty or insurance event (including, but not limited to, at the
time of delivery of the foregoing certificate or at the time of the application of proceeds contemplated thereunder), such proceeds shall not constitute Net Proceeds except to the extent not so used at the end of such
365-day period, at which time such proceeds shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds; provided, further, if any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing at the time of or
after the occurrence of such casualty or insurance event (including, but not limited to, at the time of delivery of the foregoing certificate or at the time of the application of proceeds contemplated thereunder), then 100% of such proceeds (without
giving effect to the $500,000 minimum threshold set forth above) shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.5(b); 

(iii) any condemnation award with respect to property owned by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary in excess of
$500,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year (provided that such $500,000 minimum threshold shall not apply if any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing); provided, however, that if (A) the Company
shall deliver a certificate of a Financial Officer to the Lender at the time of receipt of such proceeds setting forth the Borrowers intent to reinvest such proceeds in productive assets of a kind then used or usable in the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries within 365 days of receipt of such proceeds, (B) the Borrowers promptly remit such proceeds to a deposit account subject to a blocked Account Control Agreement, and (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and shall be continuing at the time of or after the occurrence of such condemnation event (including, but not limited to, at the time of delivery of the foregoing certificate or at the time of the application of proceeds contemplated
thereunder), such proceeds shall not constitute Net Proceeds except to the extent not so used at the end of such 365-day period, at which time such proceeds shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds; provided,
further, if any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and shall be continuing at the time of or after the occurrence of such condemnation event (including, but not limited to, at the time of delivery of the foregoing certificate or
at the time of the application of proceeds contemplated thereunder), then 100% of such proceeds (without giving effect to the $500,000 minimum threshold set forth above) shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.5(b); and

(iv) the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness other than Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1. 

(b) All amounts (if any) remitted to the Lender under this Section 2.5 shall be applied by the Lender to the payment of
the Obligations in such order of application as the Lender may in its sole discretion determine. All prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest upon the principal amount of each such prepayment.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any such prepayment shall not constitute or be deemed to be a cure of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result of any Disposition, casualty or condemnation event or otherwise. 

-36- 

Section 2.6 Fees. The Borrowers agree to pay to the Lender such fees as agreed
in the Fee Letters. 

Section 2.7 Evidence of Debt. The Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice records
evidencing the Term Loans. The entries made in the records maintained pursuant to this Section shall be primafacie evidence absent manifest error of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein. Any failure of the
Lender to maintain such records or make any entry therein or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Upon the request of the Lender at any time, the
Borrowers shall prepare, execute and deliver to the Lender a Term Loan Note. 

Section 2.8 Payments Generally. 

(a) Payments by Borrowers. All payments to be made by the Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall
be made on the date when due without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers, and without condition or deduction (except as required under Section 2.8(c)) for any
counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. All payments shall be made to the Lender in U.S. Dollars in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. All amounts received by the Lender after such time on any
date shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fees shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall fall due on a day that is not a Business Day, payment shall
be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be; provided that, if such next succeeding Business Day would fall after the Maturity Date, payment shall
be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 

(b) Application of Insufficient Payments. If at any time
insufficient funds are received by and available to the Lender to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest, fees and other amounts then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied in such order of application as the Lender in its sole discretion
determines. 

(c) Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligation shall be made free and clear of and
without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by any Law. If payor shall be required by any Laws to deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Obligation, (i) if the Tax in question is an
Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, then the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions or withholding (including deductions or withholding applicable to additional sums payable under this
Section 2.8(c)), each payee receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholding been made, (ii) the payor shall make such deductions or withholding, (iii) the payor shall pay the full
amount deducted or withheld to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with Applicable Laws, and (iv) within 30 days after the date of such payment (or, if receipts or evidence are not available within 30 days, as soon
as possible thereafter), the payor shall furnish to such payee the original or a copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other evidence acceptable to such payee. In addition, the Borrowers agree to pay any Other Taxes. If the Lender is
entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document, the Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers, such properly

-37- 

completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, if
reasonably requested by the Borrowers, the Lender shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers as will enable the Borrowers to determine whether or not the Lender is subject to backup
withholding or information reporting requirements. For purposes of this Section 2.8(c), the terms Law and Applicable Law shall include FATCA (and any amendments made thereto after the date of this Agreement). 

(d) Tax Indemnity. The Borrowers and each Guarantor agree to indemnify the Lender for (i) the full amount of
Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes payable by the Lender (including Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.8(d)) and (ii) any expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability prepared in good faith and delivered by the Lender, accompanied
by a written statement thereof setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of such amounts shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Section 2.9 Increased Costs. 

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve,
special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, the Lender, (ii) subject the Lender to any Taxes (other than Indemnified
Taxes and Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, or (iii) impose on the Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes)
affecting this Agreement or the Term Loans made by the Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to the Lender of making, continuing or maintaining the Term Loans, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or
receivable by the Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of the Lender, the Borrowers will pay to the Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Lender for such additional costs
incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) Capital Requirements. If the Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting
the Lender regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the Lenders capital as a consequence of this Agreement or the Term Loans to a level below that which the Lender could have
achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration the Lenders policies with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to the Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Lender
for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of the Lender setting forth the
amount or amounts necessary to compensate the Lender as specified in this Section 2.9 and delivered to the Borrowers shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay the Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate
within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of the Lender
to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.9 shall not constitute a waiver of the Lenders right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate the Lender pursuant to this
Section 2.9 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that the Lender notifies the Borrowers of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of the
Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine (9)-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof). 

-38- 

Section 2.10 [Reserved]. 

Section 2.11 Benchmark Replacement Setting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document: 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) Replacing Future Benchmarks. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Benchmark Replacement will
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date
notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Borrowers without any amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or further action or consent of the Borrowers. At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has
permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrowers may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term
Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrowers receipt of notice from the Lender that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrowers
will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of ABR based upon the Benchmark (if any) will not be used in any
determination of ABR. 

(c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and
administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Lender, in consultation with the Borrowers, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

(d) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Lender will promptly notify the Borrowers of (i) the
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Lender pursuant to this Section, including any determination
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding
absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section. 

(e) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR), then the Lender may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including
Benchmark Replacement) settings and (ii) the Lender may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 

-39- 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender that: 

Section 3.1 Existence, Qualification and Power; Subsidiaries. Each Loan Party is a corporation or limited liability
company, as applicable, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the Law of its jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization as set forth on Schedule 3.1 hereto. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary (i) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses,
authorizations, consents and approvals to (a) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (b) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (ii) is duly qualified and is
licensed and, if applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, except, in the case of clause (ii), in
jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.2 Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to
which it is party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of its Organizational Documents, (b) conflict with or result in any breach or
contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under, (i) any Contractual Obligation (including, without limitation, any Material Agreement or any Contractual Obligation relating to borrowed money) to
which any Loan Party or Subsidiary is a party or affecting any Loan Party or Subsidiary or the properties of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to
which any Loan Party or Subsidiary or its property is subject, or (c) violate any Law other than any violation, in the case of this clause (c), that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.3 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action
by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or is then necessary or required in connection with any Material Agreement, except for such approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings that have already been duly obtained or made and that are in
full force and effect. 

Section 3.4 Execution and Delivery; Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, each other Loan Document,
when delivered hereunder, will have been, and each Material Agreement has been, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties party thereto. Each Loan Document and each Material Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Loan Parties party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Parties in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Laws affecting creditors
rights generally and by general principles of equity. 

Section 3.5 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. 

(a) Financial Statements. The financial statements delivered to the Lender on or before the Closing Date in accordance
with Section 4.1 and thereafter most recently delivered in accordance with Section 5.1 (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein,
(ii) fairly 

-40- 

present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries (or, following the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date, of Holdings and its Subsidiaries) as of
the date thereof and their results of operations and cash flows for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all
material Indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its Subsidiaries (or, following the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date, of Holdings and its Subsidiaries) as of the date thereof, including liabilities for
Taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 

(b) No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2020, there
has been no event or circumstance that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.6 Outstanding Indebtedness. Except for the Obligations and the other Permitted Indebtedness, no Loan Party nor any
Subsidiary has any Indebtedness. 

Section 3.7 Litigation. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.7, there are no actions, suits,
proceedings, claims, disputes or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened in writing, at Law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or Subsidiary or against any
of their properties or revenues that (a) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in losses,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities exceeding $2,000,000 or (c) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 3.8 No Material Adverse Effect; No Default. No Loan Party or Subsidiary is (a) in material default under or with
respect to any Material Agreement or (b) in default under or with respect to any other Contractual Obligation that, in the case of this clause (b), either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

Section 3.9 Property; Licenses; Margin Regulations. 

(a) Ownership of Properties. Each Loan Party and Subsidiary has good legal and marketable title in fee simple (in the
case of real property) and good title (in the case of personal property) to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real and personal property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, in each case free and clear of all Liens other than Liens
in favor of the Lender and other Permitted Liens. 

(b) Intellectual Property. Each Loan Party and Subsidiary owns,
licenses or possesses the right to use all of the trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, patents, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, as
currently conducted, and the use thereof by the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries does not conflict with the rights of any other Person, except to the extent that such failure to own, license or possess or such conflicts, either individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The conduct of the business of the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries as currently conducted or as contemplated to be conducted does not infringe upon or violate any rights
held by any other Person, except to the extent that such infringements and violations, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing
is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened in writing that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-41- 

(c) Licenses. Each Loan Party and Subsidiary is in compliance with,
and has procured and is now in possession of, all Licenses then required by any Applicable Law for the operation of its business in each jurisdiction wherein it is now conducting or proposes to conduct business, and each such License then required
to be issued has been validly issued to the relevant Loan Party or Subsidiary. No Loan Party or Subsidiary has any knowledge of any basis upon which the renewal of any material License would be denied in the future. Each Project License then
required to be issued has been validly issued to the relevant Loan Party or Subsidiary and is in full force and effect, and no Loan Party nor any Subsidiary is in violation in any material respect of any such Project License. Each Loan Party and
Subsidiary has posted such bonds then required to be posted under its Licenses (including its Project Licenses). 

(d)
Margin Regulations. None of the assets of any Loan Party or Subsidiary will be Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of the Term Loans hereunder will be used to buy or carry Margin Stock. 

Section 3.10 Taxes. Each Loan Party and Subsidiary has (a) filed all federal, state and other material tax returns and
reports required by Applicable Law to be filed by any Loan Party or Subsidiary, or extensions have been obtained, and (b) paid all Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income
or assets otherwise due and payable, except to the extent that (i) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP,
(ii) no foreclosure or similar proceedings have been commenced or notice of Liens filed with respect thereto, and (iii) the failure to pay such Taxes, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in
liability in excess of $2,000,000. 

Section 3.11 Disclosure. The Borrowers have disclosed to the Lender all agreements,
instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which any Loan Party or Subsidiary is subject, and all other matters known to the Borrowers that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. The reports, financial statements, certificates and other written information (other than projected or pro forma financial information) furnished by or on behalf of the Loan Parties to the Lender in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as amended, modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, do not contain any
material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein (when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with
respect to projected or pro forma financial information, the Borrowers represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation and delivery (it being understood that
such projected information may vary from the actual results and that such variances may be material). As of the First Amendment Funding Date, the Perfection Certificate is true, complete and correct in all material respects, and, as of the Closing
Date, the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true, complete and correct in all material respects. 

Section 3.12 Compliance with
Laws. Each Loan Party and Subsidiary is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws (including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws and all Applicable Food and Feed Safety Laws) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees
applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure
to so comply, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Plan is in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code and other Laws. 

-42- 

Section 3.13 ERISA Compliance. No Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate sponsors,
maintains, contributes to, or has an obligation to, or has contributed to or been obligated to contribute to at any time during the immediately preceding seven plan years, a Plan that is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the funding
standards of Section 412 of the Code. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened or contemplated claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that, either
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that, either individually or in
the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.14 Environmental
Matters; Hazardous Materials. 

(a) Except with respect to any matters that, either individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of $2,000,000 or have a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or Subsidiary (a) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with
any License or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (b) knows of any basis for any License or other approval required under any Environmental Law to be revoked, canceled, limited, terminated, modified, appealed or otherwise
challenged, (c) has or could reasonably be expected to become subject to any Environmental Liability, (d) has received notice of any claim, complaint, proceeding, investigation or inquiry with respect to any Environmental Liability (and no
such claim, complaint, proceeding, investigation or inquiry is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, is threatened or contemplated) or (e) knows of any facts, events or circumstances that could give rise to any basis for any
Environmental Liability of any Loan Party or Subsidiary. 

(b) Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.14(b): 

(i) All Farm Project Sites and the other facilities and properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan
Party or Subsidiary (the Properties) do not contain any Hazardous Materials attributable to such Loan Partys or Subsidiarys ownership, lease or operation of the Properties in amounts or concentrations or stored or
utilized which (A) constitute or constituted a violation of Environmental Laws, or (B) could reasonably be expected to give rise to any Environmental Liability, in each case, to the extent that such violation could reasonably be expected
to give rise, either individually or in the aggregate, to any Environmental Liability in excess of $1,000,000; and 

(ii)
Hazardous Materials have not been transported or disposed of from the Properties (A) in violation of Environmental Law, or (B) in a manner or to a location which could reasonably be expected to give rise, either individually or in the
aggregate, to any Environmental Liability in excess of $1,000,000for the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, nor have any Hazardous Materials been generated, treated, stored or disposed of by or on behalf of any Loan Party or Subsidiary at,
on or under any of the Properties in violation of Environmental Laws or in a manner that could reasonably be expected to give rise, either individually or in the aggregate, to any Environmental Liability in excess of $1,000,000. 

Section 3.15 Investment Company Act. No Loan Party or Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment
company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

-43- 

Section 3.16 Insurance. The properties of each Loan Party and each of its
Subsidiaries are insured pursuant to policies and other bonds that are valid and in full force and effect and that provide coverage satisfying or surpassing the requirements set forth in Section 5.6. 

Section 3.17 Sanctions and Anti-Terrorism; Anti-Corruption. 

(a) No Loan Party or Subsidiary or director, officer, employee, agent or Affiliate of any Loan Party or Subsidiary is an
individual or entity (person) that is, or is owned or controlled by persons that are, (i) the target of any Sanctions or Anti-Terrorism Laws, or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or
whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Anti-Terrorism Laws (including, currently, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

(b) Each Loan Party and Subsidiary and their respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the
Borrowers, the agents of each Loan Party and Subsidiary are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Loan Party and Subsidiary has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed to
ensure continued compliance with applicable Sanctions, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. 

Section 3.18 Solvency.
The Company, individually, is, and the Loan Parties, together with their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, are, Solvent. 

Section 3.19 Material Agreements. The Borrowers have delivered to the Lender a true, correct and complete copy of each Material
Agreement. No Material Agreement has been terminated or otherwise modified except in accordance with the terms thereof, and each Material Agreement (other than those terminated in accordance with their terms) remains in full force and effect. No
material default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under any Material Agreement, and no condition or event has occurred and is continuing that would be likely to result in a material default or event of default with the giving
notice, the lapse of time or both. The terms of each Material Agreement conform, in all material respects, to all applicable governmental and third-party consents and approvals and the requirements of Applicable Law. The Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries have all Material Agreements, material Licenses and other rights necessary to carry out their business as conducted. 

Section 3.20 Employee and Labor Matters. 

(a) There is no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened against any Loan
Party or its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement and that could
reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of $2,000,000. 

(b) There exists no strike, labor dispute,
slowdown, stoppage or similar action or grievance pending or threatened in writing against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to lead to an interruption of their respective operations at any location or result in
liability in excess of $2,000,000. To the knowledge of the Borrowers, no union representation question existing with respect to the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and no union organizing activity is taking place with respect to any
of the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or similar state law, which remains unpaid or
unsatisfied. The hours worked and payments made to employees of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable legal requirements, except to the extent such violations could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits
have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the Borrowers. 

-44- 

(c) The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries are in material compliance with
Applicable Laws respecting employment and employment practices (including employment insurance, employer health tax, employment standards, labor relations, occupational health and safety, human rights, workers compensation, employment equity
and pay equity) and, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, there are no pending or threatened proceedings before any Governmental Authority or otherwise with respect to any of the foregoing that could reasonably be expected to result in liability in
excess of $2,000,000. 

Section 3.21 Compliance with Food Security Act and Agricultural Lien Statutes; Agricultural Lien
Notices. 

(a) Each Loan Party (i) is in compliance in all material respects with the Food Security Act, as
applicable to it, and has filed all appropriate notices and requests and otherwise taken all applicable steps, if any, that are required of it to register with the Central Filing System and subscribe to the portions of the master list
covering effective financing statements related to farm products and other agricultural products purchased by such Loan Party, in each case established, maintained and distributed by the Secretary of State (or such other similar state agency) of
each state that maintains a Central Filing System in accordance with the Food Security Act, and (ii) is in compliance in all material respects with all other applicable Agricultural Lien Statutes. 

(b) (x) No Loan Party has received notice (written or otherwise) from any Producer, unpaid seller, supplier, agent or secured
party indicating such Persons intent to claim or preserve the benefits of any trust under any Agricultural Lien Statute or of any Lien in any farm products (as defined in the UCC) under Applicable Law (other than any standard
boiler-plate language included on invoices or similar documentation in the ordinary course of business), and (y) no action has been commenced against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof by (i) any beneficiary of any such Lien to
enforce such Lien or (ii) any Governmental Authority or any beneficiary of a trust created under any Agricultural Lien Statute to enforce payment from such trust. 

Section 3.22 Agricultural Licenses. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof maintains all necessary and material Agricultural
Licenses required to operate its business. 

Section 3.23 The Farm Projects. With respect to each Specified Farm Project: 

(a) The Borrowers have delivered to the Lender a true, correct, and complete copy of each Material Project Document, and any
modification or termination thereof, entered into on or prior to the Closing Date, will promptly deliver to the Lender a true, correct, and complete copy of each Material Project Document entered into or obtained after the Closing Date, and none of
the Material Project Documents that have been delivered to the Lender have been terminated or otherwise modified except in accordance with the terms hereof and remains in full force and effect. 

(b) The Project Documents that have been or will be delivered to the Lender comprise substantially all of the material
services, materials and property interests required to achieve the Final Completion Date with respect to the applicable Farm Project. 

(c) No material default or event of default has occurred under any Material Project Document, and no material condition or
event has occurred that would result in such a default or event of default with the giving notice, the lapse of time or both. 

-45- 

(d) (i) Each Farm and Farm Project (except, following satisfaction of the
STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, any Farm or Farm Project subject to the STORE Sale-Leaseback) is and will continue to be owned by a Loan Party, and (ii) each Farm and Farm Project is and shall be subject to a Lien in favor of the Lender
(subject only to Permitted Liens), and developed, constructed and maintained in accordance with the Project Documents (as amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, with respect to the Farm Project in Pasco, Washington) and
Applicable Law in all material respects. 

(e) The terms of each Material Project Document conform in all material respects
to the applicable Project Licenses and any other applicable governmental and third-party consents and approvals and the requirements of Applicable Law. 

(f) All material property interests, utility services, means of transportation, facilities and other material necessary to
achieve the Final Completion Date with respect to, and to operate, the applicable Farm Project are, or will be when needed, available to such Farm Project. 

(g) Each Initial Construction Budget and each other Construction Budget is realistic and feasible for achievement of the Final
Completion Date on or prior to the applicable Completion Deadline. 

(h) As of the First Amendment Funding Date, the
location of each Farm and Farm Project of the Loan Parties is set forth on Schedule 3.23(h). 

ARTICLE IV 

CONDITIONS 

Section 4.1 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. The obligation of the Lender to make any Term Loan hereunder is subject to the
condition precedent that, on or before the Closing Date, the Lender shall have received each of the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender: 

(a) this Agreement, the Collateral Documents and the other Loan Documents to be entered into on the Closing Date, each signed
by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each other party thereto, together with all other original items required to be delivered pursuant to the Collateral Documents or any other Loan Document; 

(b) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, attaching (i) the Organizational Documents of such Loan
Party, (ii) resolutions or other action of the Governing Board of such Loan Party approving the transactions and other matters contemplated by the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (iii) an incumbency certificate evidencing the
identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer of such Loan Party authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party; 

(c) such other documents and certificates as the Lender may request relating to the organization, existence and good standing
of each Loan Partyand any other legal matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby; 

(d) a certificate of status, compliance or like certificate for each Loan Party and Subsidiary from the appropriate
Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of such Person and each jurisdiction where it is required to qualify to do business, each dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date; 

(e) [reserved]; 

-46- 

(f) an appropriately completed Perfection Certificate with respect to the
Borrowers and the other Loan Parties, dated as of the Closing Date and duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrowers; 

(g) one or more opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Lender and dated the Closing Date, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Lender (covering the jurisdiction of formation of each Loan Party, the jurisdiction of the governing law of each Loan Document and the jurisdiction in which any Farm Project Site is located, as applicable); 

(h) with respect to the Existing Bridge Indebtedness and any other Indebtedness or other obligations owing by the Loan Parties
to any Exiting Lenders: 

(i) evidence that all such Indebtedness has been, or as of the Closing Date will be, repaid in
full in cash and all such obligations have been, or as of the Closing Date will be, terminated; 

(ii) a payoff letter
(accompanied by such other discharges, releases (including, without limitation, mortgage releases), terminations or other documents as the Lender may request in its sole discretion), in each case duly executed by the Exiting Lenders or their agent,
as applicable, releasing effective as of the Closing Date all Liens on any assets of any Loan Parties or any Subsidiaries of any Loan Party granted in favor of the Exiting Lenders upon receipt of the payoff amount on the Closing Date and authorizing
the Borrowers, the Lender or their respective designees to file UCC-3 termination statements and such other releases and terminations as necessary to terminate any and all such Liens; 

(i) Lien searches with respect to the Loan Parties and any Subsidiary in scope satisfactory to the Lender and with results
showing no Liens (other than Liens in favor of the Lender, other Permitted Liens and Liens authorized to be released on the Closing Date in accordance with Section 4.1(h)) and otherwise satisfactory to the Lender; 

(j) UCC financing statements for each jurisdiction as is necessary, in the Lenders sole discretion, to perfect the
Lenders security interest in the Collateral to the extent such Liens can be perfected by filing or recordation; 

(k)
an executed Account Control Agreement with respect to (i) [reserved] and (ii) each other deposit, securities and commodity account of the Loan Parties (other than Excluded Accounts); 

(l) a written consent, duly executed by Holdings and confirming that this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Term Loan
Facility and the Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document to secure the Obligations are permitted under, and do not conflict with or contravene, the SPAC Merger Agreement; 

(m) [reserved]; 

(n) evidence from the Borrowers that all material governmental and third-party consents required to effectuate the transactions
contemplated by the Loan Documents have been obtained; 

(o) true, correct and complete copies of [reserved] and all other
Material Agreements then in effect (including, without limitation, to the extent not previously delivered to the Lender, all Farm Lease Agreements then in effect) of the Borrowers, the Guarantors and any Subsidiary, each of which shall be
satisfactory to the Lender, together with such Collateral Assignments of such Material Agreements and acknowledgments by such counterparties as may be reasonably requested by the Lender in its sole discretion, duly executed by the parties thereto;

-47- 

(p) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such
shorter period as may be approved by the Lender in its sole discretion), completed background checks and such other documentation and information requested by (or on behalf of) the Lender, in each case satisfactory to the Lender, including
information required by Lender to satisfy any know your customer requirements, including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Certification; 

(q) evidence that adequate liability, property, business interruption and builders risk insurance required to be
maintained under this Agreement is in full force and effect, in each case together with certificates naming the Lender as additional insured, mortgagee and lenders loss payee, as applicable, with respect to the Collateral and, in the case of
any business interruption insurance, accompanied by an assignment of such business interruption insurance in favor of the Lender signed by the Loan Parties and the applicable insurer; 

(r) payment of (i) all fees, costs and expenses then due and payable pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof, to the extent
invoiced on or prior to the date hereof and (ii) payment of such fees as are set forth in the Fee Letter; and 

(s)
such financial statements, budgets, forecasts, projections and any other information or documents as the Lender reasonably requests. 

Section 4.2 Additional Conditions to Initial Credit Extension. In addition to, and without limiting, the conditions set forth in
Sections 4.1 and 4.3, the obligation of the Lender to make the initial Term Loan hereunder is subject to the Lenders receipt, on or prior to the date of such initial Term Loan, of the following, each of which shall be in form and substance
satisfactory to the Lender in its sole discretion: 

(a) evidence of the consummation of the Qualified SPAC Transaction and
the occurrence of the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date (including, without limitation, in the form of copies of the relevant certificates of merger certified or recorded by the appropriate Governmental Authorities); 

(b) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company, substantially in the form delivered to the Lender pursuant to
Section 4.1(b) and, among other things, (i) certifying the Organizational Documents of the Company after giving effect to the Qualified SPAC Transaction and the occurrence of the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date, and
(ii) attaching true, correct, and complete copies of the SPAC Merger Agreement and all Ancillary Agreements (as defined in the SPAC Merger Agreement); and 

(c) [reserved]. 

Section 4.3 Additional Conditions to each Term Loan. In addition to, and without limiting, the conditions set forth in Sections
4.1, 4.2 and 4.4, to the extent any Term Loan is requested after the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, such Term Loan may be made at the Lenders sole and absolute discretion, with no commitment by the Lender to make such Term Loan; it being
acknowledged and agreed that, in order for the Lender to consider funding any Term Loan hereunder in its discretion, the Borrowers shall satisfy the following additional conditions precedent (unless waived by the Lender) on or before the date of
such Term Loan, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender: 

-48- 

(a) the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Term Loan; 

(b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such Term Loan or from the
application of proceeds thereof; 

(c) the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Lender an appropriately completed and duly
executed Loan Request for each Term Loan requested to be made pursuant to this Agreement; 

(d) [reserved]; 

(e) (i) to the extent the proceeds of a requested Term Loan are to be used for the first payment of Project Costs in respect of
a Farm Project, the Lender shall have received, on or prior to the date of such Term Loan: 

(1) each of the items set forth
in Section 5.15 with respect to the Farm Project Site where the Farm Project being funded by the applicable Term Loan is to be located (including, without limitation, Mortgages, insurance (including title insurance and flood insurance)
documentation, surveys, appraisals and environmental assessment, in each case complying with Section 5.15); and 

(2)
such financial statements, budgets, forecasts, projections (including projected draw schedules) or other information or documents with respect to such Farm Project as the Lender reasonably requests, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to
the Lender; and 

(ii) [reserved]; 

(f) the Lender and the Disbursing Agent shall have received all items required under the Disbursing Agreement in connection
with such Term Loan; 

(g) the Lender shall have received a copy of each Material Project Document and each other Material
Agreement then in effect (including, without limitation, each Farm Lease Agreement) not previously delivered to the Lender, together with a Collateral Assignment of the same (to the extent such Collateral Assignment (or any consent or acknowledgment
thereof) is required or requested in accordance with the definition of Collateral Assignment); 

(h) the Lender
shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto, certifying, as of the date of such Term Loan, that: 

(i) each Material Project Document delivered to the Lender as of such date is a true, correct and complete copy of the same;

(ii) each Material Project Document is in full force and effect and, to the best knowledge of the Company, no default or
event of default has occurred thereunder; 

(iii) all Project Licenses and any other governmental and third-party consents,
permits and approvals with respect to each Farm Project that are required as of such date have been duly obtained, validly issued and, to the Companys knowledge, are in full force and effect, not subject to any appellate, judicial or
administrative proceeding or to any unsatisfied condition that may allow material modification or revocation, and no material violation thereof shall have occurred; 

-49- 

(iv) such Term Loan shall not be used to pay for materials or equipment for
a Farm Project unless (x) such materials or equipment have been incorporated into such Farm Project or have been delivered to the applicable Farm Project Site for later incorporation into such Farm Project and stored at the applicable Farm
Project Site or (y) such Term Loan shall be used to fund deposits or scheduled payments required pursuant to any Project Documents prior to work being commenced or materials or equipment being delivered to or incorporated into the such Farm
Project; 

(v) the development of each Farm Project is substantially proceeding in the manner provided for in the Project
Documents relating thereto; 

(vi) the aggregate amount of the Project Costs paid (and remaining to be paid) with respect to
(A) each Farm Project (other than the Pasco (Washington) Farm, the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm) does not exceed 110% of the Initial Construction Budget applicable to such Farm Project, (B) the Pasco
(Washington) Farm does not exceed the aggregate amount set forth in Section 2(h)(i)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment, (C) the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm does not exceed the aggregate amount set forth in Section 2(h)(ii)(B) of the
Eleventh Amendment, and (D) the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm does not exceed the aggregate amount set forth in Section 2(h)(iii)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment; 

(vii) the Final Completion Date of each Farm Project can reasonably be expected to occur on or prior to the Completion Deadline
applicable to such Farm Project; 

(i) the Lender shall have received an updated Construction Budget and Construction
Schedule with respect to each Farm Project; 

(j) the Lender shall have received (i) a current sworn construction cost
statement of the Company in form reasonably acceptable to the Lender, (ii) a current sworn construction cost statement of each Material Project Contractor in form reasonably acceptable to the Lender, and (iii) copies of invoices, bills,
statements or bills of sale representing the Project Costs to be paid from proceeds of the requested Term Loan; 

(k) to the
extent permitted under Applicable Law, the Lender shall have received Lien waivers and releases, conditioned only upon receipt of payment, duly executed by each Person (other than an Excluded Contractor or Subcontractor) being paid from the proceeds
of the requested Term Loan who may have or may be entitled to have a Lien pursuant to Applicable Law or agreement; 

(l) the
Lender shall have received unconditional Lien waivers and releases, duly executed by each Person (other than an Excluded Contractor or Subcontractor) paid from proceeds of all prior Term Loans who may have or may be entitled to have a Lien pursuant
to Applicable Law or agreement, to the extent not previously delivered to the Lender; 

(m) no stop notice with respect to
any Farm Project shall have been delivered to the Company or any other Loan Party, unless the Company has filed a release bond with respect thereto in accordance with the requirements of Law in the state where the Farm Project Site is located; 

-50- 

(n) if required by the Lender, the Lender shall have received a certificate
from the Project Consultant, duly executed by the Project Consultant and dated not earlier than five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the requested Term Loan, certifying as follows: (i) the Project Consultant has reviewed the
Construction Budget, and Construction Schedule applicable to each Farm Project, (ii) the Project Consultant recommends payment of the Project Costs that the Borrowers intend to pay with proceeds of such requested Term Loan, (iii) the
development of each Farm Project is substantially proceeding in the manner provided for in the Project Documents relating thereto, (iv) the aggregate amount of the Project Costs paid (and remaining to be paid) with respect to (A) each Farm
Project (other than the Pasco (Washington) Farm, the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm) does not exceed 110% of the Initial Construction Budget applicable to such Farm Project, (B) the Pasco (Washington) Farm does
not exceed the aggregate amount set forth in Section 2(h)(i)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment, (C) the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm does not exceed the aggregate amount set forth in Section 2(h)(ii)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment, and
(D) the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm does not exceed the aggregate amount set forth in Section 2(h)(iii)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment, and (v) the Final Completion Date of each Farm Project can reasonably be expected to occur on or prior
to the Completion Deadline applicable to such Farm Project; 

(o) [reserved]; 

(p) to the extent not previously delivered, the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Lender evidence of the insurance required
by Section 5.18(d); and 

(q) the Lender shall have received such bring-down certificates, searches, an endorsement to
the title insurance policy issued to the Lender covering the date of such Term Loan and increasing the amount of Lenders insurance coverage by the amount of such Term Loan disbursed and date down the coverage for mechanics liens with the
ALTA 33-06 Construction Disbursement Endorsement (or, with respect to the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm, such other coverage or endorsement as may be available from the Disbursing Agent). 

Section 4.4 Conditions to First Amendment Term Loan. The obligation of the Lender to make the First Amendment Term Loan is subject
to the Lenders receipt, on or prior to the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date, of the following: 

(a) a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of the Company, dated as of the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date and: 

(i) certifying that: 

(A) the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such
representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date; 

(B) no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the First Amendment Term Loan or
from the application of proceeds thereof; 

-51- 

(C) no Paragon Purchase Document has been amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified since the First Amendment Effective Date, in a manner that would be materially adverse to the Lender (it being understood and agreed that any amendment, change or other modification to the purchase price or any component
thereof under any Paragon Purchase Document (including, without limitation, any such amendment, change or other modification to the Parent Share Value (as defined in the Paragon California PSA)) shall be deemed materially adverse to the Lender
(other than (x) any decrease in the Aggregate Paragon Consideration of not more than 5% (whether such reduction is in non-cash consideration or cash consideration), provided that any such reduction
in cash consideration is automatically accompanied by a dollar-for-dollar reduction, on a pro rata basis, of the Term Loan Amount (as defined in the Subordinated Credit
Agreement) and the Term Loan Amount, and (y) any increase to the Aggregate Paragon Consideration of not more than 5% so long as such increase represents additional non-cash consideration or cash
consideration not consisting of additional First Amendment Term Loans or First Amendment Term Loans (as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement)), unless approved in writing by the Lender, and the transactions contemplated under each Paragon
Purchase Agreement shall have been consummated in accordance with the terms of the applicable Paragon Purchase Documents; 

(D) the Specified Purchase Agreement Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of
any such representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, in all respects); 

(E) all governmental and
third-party consents expressly required as conditions to consummation of the transactions pursuant to Section 7.02(e)(x) of the Paragon California PSA have been obtained (and not waived); and 

(F) since the First Amendment Effective Date, no Paragon Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred and be continuing; and

(ii) attaching reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating that the sum of the First Amendment Term Loan and the First
Amendment Term Loan (as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement) to be made on the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date constitutes not more than 70% of the Aggregate Paragon Consideration; 

(b) an appropriately completed Loan Request for the First Amendment Term Loan, duly executed by the Borrowers; 

(c) [reserved]; 

(d) [reserved]; 

(e) with respect to the ESOP (as defined Paragon California PSA): (A) a copy of the amendment to the ESOP in accordance with
the provisions set forth in Section 6.20(a) of the Paragon California PSA (and providing, among other things, for termination of the ESOP effective as of the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date), accompanied by appropriate resolutions of the
ESOP authorizing the same; (B) evidence that the ESOP Loan Receivable (as defined Paragon California PSA) is, as of the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date, canceled or paid in full, and all shares held in the suspense account of the
ESOP Share Seller are, as of the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date and after accounting for all contributions and loan payments that are made prior to or coincident with the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date, either cancelled or allocated to ESOP
participants or surrendered to Paragon (or some combination thereof); (C) a copy of the certificate delivered by the trustee of the ESOP to the Company complying with the requirements set forth in Section 7.02(e)(ix) of the Paragon California
PSA; and (D) a copy of the Fairness Opinion (as defined in the Paragon California PSA) delivered to the Company in accordance with Section 7.02(e)(xii) of the Paragon California PSA; 

-52- 

(f) the First Amendment Funding Date shall not occur prior to April 1,
2022 or after May 20, 2022; 

(g) a certificate of status, compliance or like certificate for each Loan Party and
Subsidiary (including each First Amendment Joinder Party) from the appropriate Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of such Person, each dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Paragon Acquisition
Effective Date; 

(h) an appropriately completed and duly executed Perfection Certificate with respect to the Loan Parties
(including the First Amendment Joinder Parties); 

(i) each of the following documents: 

(i) a Joinder Agreement, duly executed and delivered by each First Amendment Joinder Party; 

(ii) to the extent that any of the Equity Interests of the First Amendment Joinder Parties are evidenced by one or more
certificates, the originals of such certificates, together with undated stock or other transfer powers executed in blank by the applicable Loan Party that will acquire such Equity Interests on the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date (provided that
any such certificates will be required to be delivered on the First Amendment Funding Date only to the extent available to the Borrowers after use of commercially reasonable efforts (without undue burden or expense)); 

(iii) UCC financing statements for filing in the jurisdiction of formation of each First Amendment Joinder Party, in a form
sufficient to perfect the security interest of the Lender in the Collateral of the First Amendment Joinder Parties to the extent such Liens can be perfected by filing or recordation UCC financing statements in the jurisdiction of formation of each
First Amendment Joinder Party; 

(iv) trademark, patent and copyright security agreements, duly executed by the applicable
First Amendment Joinder Parties and in appropriate form for recordation or registration with the applicable intellectual property office; 

(v) customary opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties with respect to the authorization, execution and delivery by the Loan
Parties of the Loan Documents (including by the First Amendment Joinder Parties of the Joinder Agreement referenced in clause (i) above), enforceability of the Loan Documents (including the Joinder Agreement) and the creation and perfection of
the Liens on the applicable assets of the Loan Parties (including the First Amendment Joinder Parties); 

(vi) a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of each First Amendment Joinder Party, attaching (A) the Organizational Documents of such First Amendment Joinder Party, (B) resolutions or other action of the Governing Board of such First Amendment Joinder Party
approving the transactions and other matters contemplated by the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (C) an incumbency certificate evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer of such First Amendment
Joinder Party authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party; and 

-53- 

(vii) a Term Loan Note, payable to the order of the Lender, duly executed by
the Borrowers and amending and restating (without novating) the Term Loan Note of the Lender in effect immediately prior to the First Amendment Funding Date; 

(j) with respect to any Indebtedness or other obligations (other than Permitted Indebtedness) owing by the First Amendment
Joinder Parties as of the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date: 

(i) evidence that all such Indebtedness has been, or as of
the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date will be, repaid in full in cash and all such obligations have been, or as of the date hereof will be, terminated; and 

(ii) (1) payoff letters (accompanied by such other discharges, releases (including, without limitation, mortgage releases),
terminations or other documents), in each case duly executed by the holders of such Closing Pay-Off Indebtedness (as defined in the Paragon California PSA as in effect on the date hereof), releasing
automatically upon the repayment in full of such Indebtedness on the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date all Liens on any assets of any First Amendment Joinder Party and authorizing the Borrowers, the Lender or their respective designees to file UCC-3 termination statements and such other releases and terminations as necessary to terminate any and all such Liens, and (2) the Pay-Off Letters in the forms attached
as Exhibit F-1 and Exhibit F-2 to the Paragon California PSA as in effect on the date hereof (accompanied by such other discharges, releases, terminations or other
documents required to be delivered under such Pay-Off Letters), duly executed by the parties thereto; 

(k) (i) repayment of all indebtedness outstanding under, and termination of, (1) the Amended and Restated Master Lease
Agreement dated as of April 30, 2021 between STORE Master Funding XVIII, LLC and Hollandia Real Estate, LLC, (2) the Amended and Restated Mortgage Loan Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2021, by and between Hollandia Real Estate LLC and
Store Capital Acquisitions, LLC, (3) the Disbursement Agreement dated as of April 30, 2021 between STORE Capital Acquisitions, LLC and Hollandia Real Estate, LLC, (4) the Amended and Restated Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and
Performance dated as of April 30, 2021 by Paragon for the benefit of STORE Master Funding XVIII, LLC, and (5) the Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated as of June 30, 2020 by Paragon for the benefit of STORE Capital
Acquisitions, LLC, and (ii) release of (1) all Liens granted by any Paragon Entity in favor of STORE Master Funding XVIII, LLC and its Affiliates, and all Liens granted by STORE Master Funding XVIII, LLC on any Paragon Property,
(2) all Liens granted by any Paragon Entity in favor of STORE Capital Acquisitions, LLC and its Affiliates, and all Liens granted by STORE Capital Acquisitions, LLC on any Paragon Property; 

(l) evidence that all loans under the Subordinated Credit Agreement shall have been funded in full substantially concurrently
with the funding of the First Amendment Term Loan; 

(m) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the
First Amendment Term Loan (or such shorter period as may be approved by the Lender in its sole discretion), completed background checks and such other documentation and information requested by (or on behalf of) the Lender, in each case satisfactory
to the Lender, including information required to satisfy any know your customer requirements, including, without limitation, any Beneficial Ownership Certification if any Borrower is a legal entity customer under the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and 

-54- 

(n) payment of (i) all fees, costs and expenses then due and payable
pursuant to Section 8.3, to the extent invoiced on or prior to the Paragon Acquisition Effective Date, and (ii) such fees or payment or issuance of such other consideration as are set forth in the First Amendment Fee Letter. 

Section 4.5 Conditions to Working Capital Term Loan. The obligation of the Lender to make any Working Capital Term Loan is subject
to the Lenders receipt, on or prior to the date of such Working Capital Term Loan, of the following, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender in its sole discretion: 

(a) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company, dated as of the date of such Working Capital Term Loan, certifying
that (i) the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, in all
respects) on and as of the date of such Working Capital Term Loan, and (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would result from such Working Capital Term Loan or from the application of proceeds thereof; 

(b) an appropriately completed Loan Request for the Working Capital Term Loan, duly executed by the Borrowers; 

(c) a Compliance Certificate (or other certificate in form and substance acceptable to the Lender), signed by a Financial
Officer of the Company and setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating that the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Consolidated Group for the calendar quarter most recently ended was not less than $0; 

(d) a Borrowing Base Certificate, signed by a Financial Officer of the Company, and setting forth the Borrowing Base as of the
last day of the calendar month most recently ended; and 

(e) such other documents or items as the Lender may request in its
sole discretion. 

ARTICLE V 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

The
Borrowers covenant and agree with the Lender that, until all Obligations shall have been Paid in Full: 

Section 5.1 Financial
Statements. The Borrowers will furnish to the Lender: 

(a) as soon as available, and in any event within 120
days after the end of each Fiscal Year, audited financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries consisting of a consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated
statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, prepared by independent public accountants of nationally or
regionally recognized standing (or other firm of independent public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Lender, it being agreed and acknowledged that each of RSM US LLP and WithumSmith+Brown, P.C. is acceptable to the Lender) in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards (and, except for the Permitted Going Concern Qualification (if any), shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification, exception or explanatory paragraph), certified by a Financial
Officer of the Company as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, together
with a management discussion and analysis of such financial statements; and 

-55- 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 60 days after the end of
each calendar quarter, commencing with the calendar quarter ending September 30, 2021, a consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such calendar quarter, the related consolidated statements of income or
operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such calendar quarter and for the portion of Holdings Fiscal Year then ended, in each case setting forth in comparative form the year-to-date period of the current Fiscal Year as compared to the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as fairly presenting in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject only to normal year-end
adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.1 to the contrary,
(i) any financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall be financial statements of the Consolidated Group and (ii) the obligations in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 5.1 may be satisfied
with respect to financial information of the Consolidated Group by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of the Consolidated Group to the Lender or (B) the Form 10-K,10-Q or 8-K, as applicable, of the Consolidated Group, filed with the SEC. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) and (b) and Section 5.2(d)
may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the earliest date on which (x) Holdings or the Company provides a link thereto on Holdings or the Companys website on the Internet,
(y) such documents are posted on Holdings or the Companys behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another website, if any, to which the Lender has access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Lender), or
(z) such financial statements and/or other documents are posted on the SECs website on the Internet at www.sec.gov. 

Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information. The Borrowers will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Lender: 

(a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 5.1(a) and (b), a duly completed
Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company (x) certifying as to whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action
taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and (y) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 6.8; and 

(b) promptly following request therefor, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted
to the Governing Board (or the audit committee of the Governing Board) of any Loan Party or Subsidiary by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of such Loan Party or Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them as the Lender
may from time to time reasonably request; 

(c) as soon as practicable and in any event within 45 days after the end of each
Fiscal Year, an annual business plan and budget for the Consolidated Group for the next Fiscal Year, approved by the board of directors of Holdings, and accompanied by the projected balance sheets, income statements, capital expenditures budget and
cash flow statements for the Consolidated Group, on a consolidated basis, for each month of such next Fiscal Year, each in reasonable detail 

-56- 

(such detail to be substantially consistent with the projections delivered for the Fiscal Year beginning January 1, 2025 or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Lender), representing the
good faith projections of the Consolidated Group for each such month, and certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as being the projections upon which the Consolidated Group relies, together with (i) the projected EBITDA of the
Consolidated Group for each quarter (or, at the Borrowers election, each month) of such next Fiscal Year (such projected EBITDA of the Consolidated Group, the Total Budgeted EBITDA), (ii) the projected EBITDA of each Farm
and Farm Project for each quarter (or, at the Borrowers election, each month) of such next Fiscal Year (such projected EBITDA of each Farm and Farm Project, the Individual Budgeted EBITDA), and (iii) such supporting
schedules and information as the Lender from time to time may reasonably request; 

(d) promptly after receipt or furnishing
thereof, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the shareholders of any Loan Party or Subsidiary, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration
statements that such Loan Party or Subsidiary may file or be required to file with the SEC or with any national securities exchange, and not otherwise required to be delivered pursuant hereto; 

(e) promptly after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or Subsidiary, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from
the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other similar inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational
results of such Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof; 

(f) promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any change in the
information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; provided, that following the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date, such
notice shall only be required to the extent Holdings or any other Loan Party is a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; 

(g) promptly upon execution thereof, a true, correct and complete copy of each Material Agreement, or any amendment thereto,
entered into after the Closing Date; 

(h) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material request, report or
notice received by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or any material statement or report furnished by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any Material Agreement (including, without limitation, the SPAC Merger Agreement and any
STORE Document); 

(i) with respect to each Specified Farm Project: 

(i) as soon as practicable and in any event at least thirty (30) days before commencing construction of any new Farm or
Farm Project or closing upon the acquisition of any interest in real property with respect thereto, written notice thereof; 

(ii) promptly upon receipt, a copy of any Farm Project Site visit report or other reviews or notices issued by any Governmental
Authority, including, without limitation, EPA or USDA; 

(iii) promptly upon receipt, a copy of each material report
delivered to a Loan Party by any Person pursuant to a Material Project Document; 

-57- 

(iv) copies of all material notices sent or received by any Loan Party with
respect to such Farm Project; and 

(v) promptly after any officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of any material delays in
the construction of such Farm Project or if the Project Costs applicable to such Farm Project at any time exceed the Initial Construction Budget applicable to such Farm Project, a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company setting
forth the details with respect thereto and the action that the Company proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(j) promptly
after delivery or receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (i) a copy of Paragons application to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service requesting a favorable determination with respect to the ESOP amendments and the termination of
the ESOP described in Section 6.20(a) of the Paragon California PSA, and copies of the U.S. Internal Revenue Services approvals or responses to the same, and (ii) copies of any material notices, reports or certificates delivered in
connection with the Paragon Purchase Documents (it being understood and agreed, without limiting any of the foregoing, that any notices, reports or certificates delivered pursuant to or in connection with any purchase-price adjustment under any
Paragon Purchase Agreement shall be material); 

(k) [reserved]; and 

(l) promptly following any request therefor, such other information, notices, meeting minutes, consents and other materials
regarding the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of any Loan Party or Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Lender may from time to
time reasonably request. 

Section 5.3 Notices. The Borrowers will promptly notify the Lender of: 

(a) in any event within two (2) Business Days thereof, the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) the consummation of the Qualified SPAC Transaction and the occurrence of the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date;

(c) the filing or commencement of any action, claim, suit, injunction, arbitration, settlement, investigation or
proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof, which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to give rise to liability in excess of
$2,000,000; 

(d) any labor dispute or any noncompliance by any Loan Party or Subsidiary with Applicable Law (other than
Environmental Law) or any permit, approval, license or other authorization, which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to give rise to liability in excess of $2,000,000; 

(e) any action arising under any Environmental Law or any noncompliance by any Loan Party or Subsidiary with any Environmental
Law, which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to give rise to liability in excess of $1,000,000; 

(f)
the discovery of any Hazardous Materials or of any Release from or upon any Farm Project Site or any other land or property owned (either individually or jointly), operated or controlled by any Loan Party or Subsidiary, which, individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to give rise to liability in excess of $1,000,000; 

-58- 

(g) any damage to or destruction of any property of the Loan Parties (or any
of their Subsidiaries) which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to give rise to a claim for insurance monies in excess of $2,000,000; 

(h) any material change in accounting or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary; 

(i) any material breach or non-performance of, or any material default under, any
Material Agreement; 

(j) any cessation or material delay in the construction of any Farm Project, in each case accompanied
by a reasonably detailed report or certificate of the Borrowers explaining whether or not such cessation or delay is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(k) any matter or development that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth the details of the
occurrence requiring such notice and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. 

Section 5.4 Preservation of Existence, Etc. Each Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to,
(a) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties
or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all material rights, licenses, permits, bonding arrangements, privileges and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of its
business; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which, in the case of this clause (c), could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.5 Maintenance of Properties. 

(a) Each Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, (i) maintain, preserve and protect all of
its properties and equipment material to the operation of its business (including, without limitation, each Farm) in good working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), and operate each Farm, in each case in accordance in all
material respects with prudent industry practice and applicable Contractual Obligations and (ii) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof. 

(b) The sole owner of all assets with respect to each Farm and Farm Project (including, without limitation, all Project
Documents and Project Licenses relating to such Farm and Farm Project, whether now existing or hereafter arising, but excluding, following satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, any Farm or Farm Project owned by the STORE
Sale-Leaseback Buyer pursuant to the STORE Documents), is, and at all times will continue to be, a Loan Party. 

-59- 

Section 5.6 Maintenance of Insurance. The Borrowers will, and will cause each
other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the
same or similar business (including fire, extended coverage, workers compensation, public liability, property damage, business interruption and, with respect to each Farm Project, builders risk insurance) and against other risks
(including errors and omissions) and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such Persons. Such insurance policies shall contain (a) with respect to any general liability insurance policy, an additional insured
special endorsement and (b) with respect to any property insurance policy, a mortgagee and a lenders loss payee special endorsement, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender naming the Lender as additional insured,
mortgagee and lenders loss payee, as applicable, on a primary, non-contributory basis, waiving subrogation, and providing the Lender with notice of cancellation acceptable to the Lender. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, to the extent required under Flood Laws, obtain and maintain flood insurance for such structures and contents constituting Collateral located in a flood hazard zone, in such
amounts as similar structures and contents are insured by prudent companies in similar circumstances carrying on similar businesses and otherwise satisfactory to the Lender. 

Section 5.7 Payment of Obligations. The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, pay, discharge or
otherwise satisfy as the same shall become due and payable (i) all of its material Tax liabilities and remittances and other obligations owing to any Governmental Authority and (ii) all of its material liabilities and other obligations,
except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and the Borrowers or such Loan Party or Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect
thereto in accordance with GAAP, and (b) no foreclosure or similar proceedings have been commenced or notice of Liens filed with respect thereto. 

Section 5.8 Compliance with Laws. The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, comply with the
requirements of all Laws (including, without limitation, all Applicable Food and Feed Safety Laws) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except where the failure to do so, either individually
or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrowers shall, and, where applicable, shall cause each of their Affiliates (including any ERISA Affiliates) to, maintain each Plan in compliance with
all applicable requirements of Law, ERISA and the Code, except where the failure to do so could not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.9 Environmental Matters. Except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, liability (including any Environmental Liability) in excess of $2,000,000 or a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, (a) comply with all
Environmental Laws, (b) obtain, maintain in full force and effect and comply with any Licenses or other approvals (including any Project Licenses) required for the facilities or operations of the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary,
and (c) conduct and complete any investigation, study, sampling or testing, and undertake any corrective, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other action necessary to identify, report, remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials present or
released at, on, in, under or from any of the facilities or real properties of the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary. 

Section 5.10 Books and Records. Each Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, maintain proper books
of record and account, in which entries shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of such Borrower, other Loan Party or Subsidiary, as the case may be, that are true, complete and correct in all
material respects and prepared in conformity with GAAP in all material respects. 

-60- 

Section 5.11 Inspection Rights. Each Borrower will, and will cause each other
Loan Party and Subsidiary to, permit representatives and independent contractors of the Lender and the Project Consultant to visit and inspect any of its properties (including, but not limited to, examination and inspection of (i) any Farm
Project Site and (ii) the production of produce and other inventory at any Farm or Farm Project), to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances
and accounts with its owners, directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the reasonable expense of the Borrowers; provided that, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (x) the Lender shall not
request, and shall not be permitted to receive, reimbursement from the Borrowers for more than one visit and inspection in any Fiscal Year and (y) the Lender will provide the Borrowers with at least five (5) days prior notice of each
visit and inspection (or such shorter period acceptable to the Borrowers in their sole discretion). 

Section 5.12 Use of
Proceeds. The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of: 

(a)
[reserved]; 

(b) the First Amendment Term Loan (i) to pay the costs and expenses of the Loan Parties with respect to
the transactions effected by this Agreement and by the Subordinated Credit Agreement, (ii) [reserved], (iii) to pay the fees set forth in the First Amendment Fee Letter, and (iv) to finance the Paragon Acquisition; provided, that in
no event shall the aggregate portions of the First Amendment Term Loan and the First Amendment Term Loan (as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement) used for the purpose set forth in this clause (iv) exceed $103,000,000; and 

(c) any other Term Loan (i) to pay Project Costs applicable to a Farm Project, and (ii) for working capital related
to the operation of a Farm Project or Farm, 

in each case not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
anything herein to the contrary, however, no Term Loan will be used to finance (1) dual use goods (i.e., products and technologies which may have military applications), (2) tobacco products, (3) extraction of thermal coal, and/or
(4) business activities which are not aligned with the principles of the New York Declaration on Forests (2014) (https://forestdeclaration.org/about). 

Section 5.13 Sanctions and Anti-Terrorism Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws. The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and
Subsidiary to, maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents with applicable Sanctions and Anti-Terrorism Laws and
applicable Anti-Corruption Laws. 

Section 5.14 Additional Subsidiaries; Holdings as Guarantor. 

(a) Promptly after the creation or acquisition of any Subsidiary of Holdings or any other Loan Party (including, without
limitation, any Subsidiary formed by merger, amalgamation, consolidation, division under the Delaware Code or otherwise) (and, in any event, within thirty (30) days after each such event and without limiting Section 6.14 hereof (or such
later date as may be agreed by the Lender in writing)), the Borrowers will (unless otherwise waived in writing by the Lender in its sole discretion) cause such Person to (A) become a Borrower or Guarantor hereunder by delivering to the Lender a
duly executed Joinder Agreement or such other documents as the Lender shall deem appropriate for such purpose, (B) grant a Lien on substantially all of the real and personal property of such Person by delivering to the Lender such deeds of
trust, security agreements and other agreements as the Lender shall deem appropriate for such purpose, 

-61- 

(C) deliver to the Lender such original certificated Equity Interests or other certificates and stock or other transfer powers evidencing the Equity Interests of such Person as the Lender
may require, (D) deliver to the Lender such opinions, documents and certificates as the Lender requests and (E) deliver to the Lender such updated Schedules to the Loan Documents as requested by the Lender with respect to such Person and
Collateral; in each case, in form, content and scope satisfactory to the Lender. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) Promptly, and in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after the Qualified SPAC Transaction Effective Date,
the Borrowers shall cause Holdings to (i) become a Guarantor by delivering to the Lender a duly executed Guaranty or such other documents as the Lender shall deem appropriate for such purpose, (ii) grant a Lien on substantially all of the
real and personal property of Holdings by delivering to the Lender such deeds of trust, security agreements and other agreements as the Lender shall deem appropriate for such purpose, (iii) deliver to the Lender such original certificated
Equity Interests or other certificates and stock or other transfer powers evidencing the Equity Interests owned or held by Holdings as the Lender may require, (iv) deliver to the Lender such opinions, documents and certificates as the Lender
requests, and (v) deliver to the Lender such updated Schedules to the Loan Documents as requested by the Lender with respect to Holdings and its Collateral; in each case, in form, content and scope satisfactory to the Lender. 

Section 5.15 Real Property. 

(a) Fee-Owned Real Property. Not more than sixty (60) days (or such later
date as may be agreed by the Lender in writing) following the acquisition by the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any fee interest in any real property (including the acquisition of any Subsidiary (including any First Amendment
Joinder Party) that has a fee interest in real property), the Borrowers shall (unless otherwise waived in writing by the Lender in its sole discretion) deliver to the Lender each of the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the
Lender: 

(i) a Mortgage covering such property, properly executed on behalf of the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary;

(ii) if requested by the Lender or the Disbursing Agent, an amendment to the Disbursing Agreement (or a new Disbursing
Agreement), a priority agreement or other similar agreements or documents, in each case duly executed by the parties thereto and incorporating jurisdiction-specific updates or other modifications; 

(iii) an ALTA title insurance policy or policies in favor of the Lender, insuring such Mortgage as a valid first priority Lien
upon such parcel subject only to such exceptions as are acceptable to the Lender (including such endorsements as the Lender may require); 

(iv) if requested by the Lender, a survey that either (A) meets such minimum survey standards as the Lender may require,
such survey to be certified in favor of (and to permit reliance by) the Lender as to such parcel, or (B) covers such property and is in a form that the title insurance company that issues the title insurance policy to Lender described in
Section 5.15(a)(iii) above determines is sufficient to permit such title insurance company to delete the standard exception for matters of survey from the lenders policy of title insurance issued to the Lender; 

-62- 

(v) if requested by the Lender, a final as built appraisal with
respect to any Farm or Farm Project to be located on such real property, in form and containing assumptions and appraisal methods reasonably satisfactory to the Lender, conducted by an appraiser acceptable to the Lender, addressed to the Lender and
on which the Lender is expressly permitted to rely; 

(vi) if requested by the Lender, a Phase I environmental audit or such
other environmental due diligence report as the Lender may approve (and permitting reliance by the Lender), together with such other environmental information as the Lender may request; 

(vii) evidence that the Loan Parties have taken all actions required under the Flood Laws and/or requested by the Lender to
ensure that the Lender is in compliance with the Flood Laws applicable to each parcel of real property constituting Collateral; and 

(viii) such evidence as the Lender may require that such Mortgage has been duly authorized by all appropriate action of and is
enforceable against the applicable Loan Party, together with such opinions of counsel covering such authorization and enforceability and other matters as the Lender may reasonably require. 

(b) Leased Real Property, Warehouses, Etc.. (i) In the case of any headquarters location of the Loan Parties or
any leased premises, warehouse or other third party-owned or -operated storage facility where tangible Collateral with a value in excess of $1,000,000 is located, the Loan Parties shall obtain Lien Waiver Agreements after entering into any lease
following the Closing Date or after the tangible Collateral valued at any such location exceeds $1,000,000, and (ii) in the case of any Third-Party Farm Lease Agreement, the Loan Parties shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Lender a
Mortgage in respect of the leasehold interest in the real property subject to such Third-Party Farm Lease Agreement, together with (x) a corresponding lenders title insurance policy (and accompanying endorsements) in favor of the Lender
(up to an amount reasonably determined by the Lender in consultation with the Borrowers), (y) a ground lease recognition and estoppel agreement, duly executed by the lessor under such Third-Party Farm Lease Agreement, and (z) opinions of
counsel with respect to such Mortgage, each of the foregoing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender. 

Section 5.16 Further Assurances. The Borrowers shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, from time to time,
at the Borrowers expense, preserve and protect the Lenders Lien on the Collateral (first in priority subject only to Permitted Liens) and shall do such other acts and things as the Lender in its sole discretion may deem necessary or
advisable from time to time in order to preserve, perfect and protect the Liens granted or purported to be granted under the Collateral Documents and to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies thereunder with respect to the Collateral. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing or Section 4.1(k) hereof, concurrently with the opening of any deposit account, commodity account or securities account (other than Excluded Accounts) by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary
after the Closing Date, the Borrowers shall deliver a notice of the opening of such account to the Lender and an executed Account Control Agreement in respect of such account. In addition the Borrowers shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the
Lender a Collateral Assignment with respect to any Material Agreement entered into by the Borrowers or the other Loan Parties (to the extent such Collateral Assignment (or any consent or acknowledgment thereof) is required or requested in accordance
with the definition of Collateral Assignment). 

Section 5.17 [Reserved]. 

-63- 

Section 5.18 Farm Project Construction. With respect to each Specified Farm
Project: 

(a) The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, continuously, diligently and with
reasonable dispatch proceed with the design, development and construction of each Farm Project in a good workmanlike manner in material accordance with the Project Documents applicable to such Farm Project, the Loan Documents and all Applicable Laws
so that the Final Completion Date applicable to such Farm Project will be reasonably expected to occur on or prior to the Completion Deadline applicable to such Farm Project. 

(b) The Borrowers will, and will cause each other Loan Party and Subsidiary to, comply in all material respects with each
Material Agreement to which they are a party and enforce all of their respective material rights under the Project Documents, including all material indemnification rights thereunder, and pursue all material remedies available to any Loan Party or
Subsidiary with diligence and in good faith. 

(c) Not later than sixty (60) days after the Final Completion Date of a
Farm Project, if requested by the Lender in its sole discretion, the Borrowers will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Lender: 

(i) a date down endorsement to the applicable title insurance policy insuring the priority of Mortgage in respect of the
applicable Farm Project Site and which deletes from such title insurance policy any mechanics Lien, survey or other standard exception, and includes the following endorsements, to the extent not previously delivered to the Lender: ALTA 3.1
zoning endorsement; ALTA 9.3 conditions, covenants and restrictions endorsement; ALTA 9.6 private rights; ALTA 17 access and entry endorsement; ALTA 17.2 utility access endorsement; ALTA 18 single tax parcel or ALTA 18.1 multiple tax parcels (as
applicable); and ALTA 28 easement endorsement (as applicable); 

(ii) copies of the
as-built final plans and specifications for such Farm Project; and 

(iii) such
additional items as the Lender may reasonably request, including, without limitation, copies of final as-built appraisals and surveys. 

(d) The Borrowers will cause: 

(i) the design professionals who prepare the Project Plans applicable to a Farm Project to maintain professional liability
insurance written on a claims made basis, with coverage limits in amounts reasonably acceptable to the Lender, insuring each such design professional and its sub-consultants against any and all liabilities
arising out of or in connection with the negligent acts, errors, or omissions of the foregoing in connection with the carrying out of their professional responsibilities for the applicable Farm Project; 

(ii) each Material Project Contractor to maintain such insurance as will protect such Material Project Contractor from claims
set forth below which may arise out of or result from such Material Project Contractors operations and completed operations in connection with the applicable Farm Project, whether such operations be by such Material Project Contractor or by
its subcontractors or by anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them, or by anyone for whose acts any of them may be liable: (A) claims under workers compensation, disability benefit and other similar employee benefit acts that
are applicable to the work to be performed; (B) claims for damages because of bodily injury, occupational sickness or disease, or death of such Material Project Contractors employees; 

-64- 

(C) claims for damages because of bodily injury, sickness or disease, or death of any person other than such Material Project Contractors employees; (D) claims for damages insured by
usual personal injury liability coverage; (E) claims for damages because of injury to or destruction of tangible property, including loss of use resulting therefrom; (F) claims for damages because of bodily injury, death of a person or
property damage arising out of ownership, maintenance or use of a motor vehicle; and (G) claims for bodily injury or property damage arising out of completed operations; 

(iii) each Material Project Contractor referenced in subsection (ii) above to name the Lender as an additional insured for
claims caused in whole or in part by such Material Project Contractors negligent acts or omissions during such Material Project Contractors ongoing operations and completed operations, with such insurance afforded to the Lender as an
additional insured being primary insurance and not excess over, or contributing with, any insurance purchased or maintained by the Lender; and 

(iv) to the extent requested by the Lender, prior to the execution of a GC Contract, each General Contractor that has commenced
any work with respect to a Farm Project to obtain payment and performance bonds (which, to the extent approved by the Lender in writing in its reasonable discretion, may be in the form of payment and performance bonds issued by applicable
subcontractors) and dual obligee riders in favor of the Lender, in form and substance acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion. 

(e) Solely with respect to the Pasco (Washington) Farm, not later than forty five (45) days after the Eleventh Amendment
Effective Date, the Borrowers will cause either (i) a surety bond (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender) to be recorded in the applicable real estate office with respect to the Specified Petition (as defined in the Eleventh
Amendment) (such surety bond to be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender and in any event sufficient to dismiss the Pasco (Washington) Property and the Lender from the Specified Petition), or (ii) the Specified Petition to
be dismissed with prejudice. 

Section 5.19 Board Observation Rights. The Lender shall from time to time be entitled to
designate one observer (the Board Observer) to attend (whether in person, by telephone or otherwise), any meeting of the board of directors or other Governing Board of Holdings, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries
(and, in each case, any committees thereof), solely in the capacity of a non-voting observer, by providing the Company with a written notice identifying the Board Observer. The Lender may elect to remove a
previously appointed Board Observer at any time, with or without cause, by providing written notice to the Company. The Company shall provide, or shall cause Holdings or the applicable Subsidiary to provide, (a) notice to the Board Observer of
all regular meetings and all special meetings of the applicable Governing Board (or any committees thereof) in the same manner and at the same time as provided to other members of the applicable Governing Board, (b) prompt notice of the
adoption of any resolutions or actions by the applicable Governing Board (or any committee thereof) by written consent, together with copies of any such resolutions, and (c) copies of all materials distributed to the members of the applicable
Governing Board, in each case at the same time as such materials are distributed to members of the applicable Governing Board. The Board Observer shall be allowed to observe all meetings and other proceedings of the applicable Governing Board and
any committee thereof, but shall in no circumstances have any right to participate in any vote, consent or other action of the applicable Governing Board or any committee thereof, nor shall the Board Observers presence, vote, consent or other
action be required for any action of the applicable Governing Board or any committee thereof. The Company reserves the right (i) not to provide notice of any meeting of the applicable Governing Board, or any committee thereof, or any materials
provided in connection with any meeting or otherwise to the Board Observer, (ii) to exclude the Board Observer from any meeting or portion thereof, and (iii) to redact or withhold certain information

-65- 

or materials delivered to the Board Observer, in each case in order to, solely where and to the extent reasonably determined by the applicable Governing Board in good faith (without the
participation of the Board Observer), (x) preserve attorney-client, work product or similar privilege, (y) not disclose information related to negotiations or disputes arising under this Agreement, any contemplated refinancing of the
obligations under this Agreement, or any other agreement related thereto between Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Lender or any of its Affiliates, on the other hand, or (z) allow the Governing Board to discuss
material interests of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries that Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe involve actual conflicts of interest between the Governing Board, any committee thereof or Holdings or any Subsidiary thereof, on
the one hand, and the Board Observer or the Lender or any of its Affiliates, on the other hand; provided, that in each such instance the Company provides prior written notice that includes the general topic of the excluded information, and,
providedfurther, that the Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Board Observer, to the extent possible, with access to the relevant materials or information in a manner that would not adversely affect
the attorney-client privilege, work-product doctrine or similar privilege or doctrine, including by entering into a customary common interest agreement. 

Section 5.20 Cash Budget and Payables Schedule; Cash Flow Comparison, Etc. The Borrowers will deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to the Lender: 

(a) As soon as available and in any event not later than 5:00 p.m. on the first Business Day of
each calendar month (commencing April 1, 2025), a cash flow budget and schedule of payables for the Loan Parties for such calendar month, in each case in form and detail acceptable to the Lender. 

(b) As soon as available and in any event not later than 5:00 p.m. on the first Business Day of each calendar month (such
calendar month, a Relevant Month), a reconciliation report comparing the actual cash flow of the second calendar month immediately preceding such Relevant Month (such second calendar month immediately preceding such Relevant
Month, the Tested Month) against such Tested Months cash flow budget delivered to the Lender pursuant to Section 5.20(a), in each case in form and detail acceptable to the Lender (it being understood and agreed that,
for purposes of this Section 5.20(b), the first such reconciliation report shall be due on June 2, 2025 with respect to the Tested Month ending April 30, 2025). Without limiting the foregoing, if any reconciliation report delivered in
accordance with this Section discloses (i) actual cash receipts during any calendar month in an amount less than, in the aggregate, 80% of forecasted total cash receipts for such calendar month as set forth in the cash flow budget applicable to
such calendar month, or (ii) actual disbursements during any calendar month in an amount exceeding, in the aggregate, 120% of forecasted total disbursements for such calendar month as set forth in the cash flow budget applicable to such
calendar month, then such reconciliation report shall be accompanied by a written detailed summary, explaining such lower than projected cash receipts and/or higher than projected disbursements. 

Section 5.21 Restructuring Advisor. Promptly (and in any event within fifteen (15) Business Days after written request
therefor from the Lender), the Loan Parties shall engage a Restructuring Advisor. Such Restructuring Advisor shall have all of the authority and responsibilities set forth in the Restructuring Advisor Engagement Documents. The Loan Parties shall not
terminate, amend, alter or otherwise change the terms of the Restructuring Advisor Engagement Documents without the prior written consent of the Lender. In addition, each Loan Party irrevocably authorizes such Restructuring Advisor to communicate
directly with the Lender at any and all times to discuss or to review any aspect of the business of the Loan Parties and any other matter regarding the engagement between the Loan Parties and such Restructuring Advisor, and to transmit any
information relating to the Loan Parties to the Lender, all without any further authorization from or notice to any Loan Party. Without limiting any of the foregoing, the Restructuring Advisor will be authorized to notify the Loan Parties of any
direct communications between it and the Lender. 

-66- 

ARTICLE VI 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

The
Borrowers covenant and agree with the Lender that, until all Obligations have been Paid in Full: 

Section 6.1 Indebtedness.
The Borrowers will not, nor will they permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except (collectively, the Permitted Indebtedness): 

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c) Indebtedness (contingent or otherwise) of any Loan Party arising under (i) any Swap Contract with a Swap Party or
(ii) to the extent approved by the Lender in advance in writing, any other Swap Contract; provided that such obligations are entered into by a Loan Party in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of mitigating risks associated
with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for speculative purposes; 

(d) Indebtedness in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds, letters of credit and similar
obligations not in connection with money borrowed, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business, including those incurred to secure health, safety and environmental obligations in the ordinary course of business, and in an aggregate
amount issued not to exceed $2,000,000 (or such higher amount as may be approved by the Lender in writing); 

(e)
Indebtedness resulting from a bank or other financial institution honoring a check, draft or similar instrument in the ordinary course of business or arising under or in connection with cash management services in the ordinary course of business;

(f) Indebtedness arising from or incurred with respect to Capitalized Leases, Purchase Money Security Interests or other
title retention agreements and leases that are in the nature of title retention agreements in an amount not to exceed (i) if such Indebtedness is reflected in the then-current Approved Budget, the amount set forth in such Approved Budget, and
(ii) in all other cases, an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $2,500,000 at any time; 

(g) Indebtedness set
forth on Schedule 6.1; 

(h) Indebtedness arising under guaranties made in the ordinary course of business of
obligations of any Loan Party (and only so long as such Person is and remains a Loan Party) which obligations are otherwise permitted hereunder; 

(i) subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, Indebtedness of Hollandia Real Estate under the STORE
Documents; 

(j) subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, Indebtedness in the form of the STORE
Guaranty, but only so long as (i) Holdings is the sole guarantor under the STORE Guaranty, and (ii) the STORE Guaranty is unsecured; 

-67- 

(k) subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions,
Indebtedness arising under the STORE Letter of Credit up to an aggregate face amount not to exceed $6,825,000; 

(l) other
Indebtedness, but only so long as such Indebtedness is approved by the Lender in its sole discretion (exercised in good faith) in advance in writing (such Indebtedness under this clause (l), Expansion Indebtedness); 

(m) Indebtedness under one or more commercial premium finance agreements, financing the insurance premiums payable by the Loan
Parties, but only so long as the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness does not exceed $4,000,000 at any time; 

(n) Indebtedness of a Loan Party to any other Loan Party; and 

(o) unsecured Indebtedness up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $10,000,000, but only so long as such Indebtedness
is subject to a subordination agreement (or other subordination arrangement) acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion. 

Section 6.2 Liens. The Borrowers will not, nor will they permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Lien upon any of their property, assets or revenues, whether now existing or owned or hereafter arising or acquired, other than the following (collectively, the Permitted Liens): 

(a) Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document to secure the Obligations; 

(b) Liens securing the payment of any Junior Debt permitted under Section 6.1; 

(c) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with (i) workers compensation, unemployment
insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA or other applicable pension and employment Law, and (ii) public utility services provided to the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary; 

(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds, letters of credit and similar
obligations not in connection with money borrowed incurred in the ordinary course of business, in each case to the extent permitted under Section 6.1(d); 

(e) Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges the payment of which is not yet due or the payment of which is
not at the time required by Section 5.7, so long as no filing of a Lien has been made in connection therewith; 

(f)
easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property that either (i) appear as exceptions on any lenders policy of
title insurance issued to Lender, or (ii) in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and that do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the
business of the applicable Person, and any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the
business of the Borrowers, any other Loan Party or Subsidiary; 

(g) Liens of warehouses, carriers, workers, repairmen,
employees or other like Liens, including mechanics Liens not in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate, but only so long as (i) such Liens secure obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not yet due and payable, or
(ii) such Liens are for amounts (x) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (y) for which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP and (z) with respect to which no foreclosure or similar
proceedings have been commenced; 

-68- 

(h) Liens in favor of a banking institution arising as a matter of Law
encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) that are customary in the banking industry; 

(i) any interest or title
of a lessor or sublessor under any lease incurred in the ordinary course of business and not prohibited by the Loan Documents; 

(j) Liens in favor of collecting banks arising by operation of law under
Section 4-210 of the UCC or, with respect to collecting banks located in the State of New York, under Section 4-208 of the UCC; 

(k) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1(f); provided that such Liens do not at any time encumber
any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness; 

(l) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not
constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.1(k); 

(m) mineral rights the use and enjoyment of which do not
materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the use and enjoyment of the Farm Project or the Farm Project Site; 

(n) involuntary Liens (including a Lien of an attachment, judgment or execution) securing a charge or obligation, on the
property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, either real or personal, related to any Farm or Farm Project, whether now or hereafter owned, but only so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such Liens under this Section 6.2(n) does
not exceed $250,000 at any time, and (ii) each such Lien under this Section 6.2(n) is released or otherwise terminated within 60 days after any Loan Party obtains (or reasonably should have obtained) knowledge thereof; 

(o) Liens set forth on Schedule 6.2; 

(p) subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by
Section 6.1(i), but only so long as such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than Personalty (as defined in the STORE Purchase Agreement); 

(q) subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, Liens securing the STORE Letter of Credit, but only so long
as such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than cash collateral in an aggregate amount not to exceed $6,825,000; and 

(r) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1(l), but only so long as such Liens are approved by the Lender in
its sole discretion (exercised in good faith) in advance in writing; and 

(s) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by
Section 6.1(m), but only so long as such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the unearned insurance premiums and dividends payable by the Loan Parties under the insurance policies financed by such Indebtedness. 

Section 6.3 Fundamental Changes. The Borrowers will not, nor will they permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, in each case
without the prior written consent of the Lender, (i) dissolve, liquidate or wind-up its affairs, (ii) become a party to, or suffer to exist, any merger, amalgamation, consolidation or division (under
the Delaware Code or otherwise), (iii) Dispose of (whether in one 

-69- 

transaction or in a series of transactions) any of its assets (whether now existing or owned or hereafter arising or acquired) to or in favor of any Person, or (iv) acquire by purchase,
lease or otherwise all or substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of any other Person or group of related Persons or any division, line of business or other business unit of any other Person (other than the Paragon Acquisition); except
that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (A) the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries may make Dispositions permitted by Section 6.4 and Investments permitted by Section 6.6, and (B) following
reasonable prior written notice to the Lender, any Loan Party or other Subsidiary may dissolve or merge into another Loan Party (such other Loan Party, the Surviving Loan Party), in each case with the Surviving Loan Party
continuing as the surviving entity. 

Section 6.4 Dispositions. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan
Party or Subsidiary to, make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except: 

(a) Dispositions
of inventory in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) transactions and Investments permitted by Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.6
and 6.17; 

(c) conversions of Cash Equivalents into cash or other Cash Equivalents; 

(d) the transfer of property by a Loan Party to any other Loan Party; 

(e) Dispositions of tangible assets that are obsolete, worn out or no longer used or useful in the business of a Loan Party or
any Subsidiary, provided that the fair market value of assets subject to such Dispositions does not exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate for all such Dispositions during any Fiscal Year; 

(f) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary
course of business; 

(g) the surrender or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release or surrender of a contract, tort
or other litigation claim, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; and 

(h) subject to satisfaction of the STORE
Sale-Leaseback Conditions, the Disposition of the Properties (as defined in the STORE Purchase Agreement) on the STORE Sale-Leaseback Closing Date. 

Section 6.5 Restricted Payments; Payments of Junior Debt. 

(a) The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, declare or make, directly or indirectly,
any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, or permit, commence or consummate any issuance of Equity Interests (other than any issuance of Equity Interests by Holdings (x) consisting of Series A Preferred
Stock on the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date, and (y) consisting of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions of the Series A Certificate of Designations; provided
that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) any issuance of common shares of Equity Interests by Holdings (so long as no Change of Control has occurred or would result therefrom), (ii) any Restricted Payment from a Loan Party to any other Loan
Party or from a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Loan Party or any other Subsidiary, (iii) any Restricted Payment and the issuance of Equity Interests pursuant to any Warrant Agreement (or, if applicable, any warrant issued
thereunder), or (iv) dividends with respect to Equity Interests payable solely in additional common shares of Equity Interests. 

-70- 

(b) Unless expressly provided otherwise in the intercreditor agreement or
subordination agreement applicable thereto, the Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, make any payment on, or redeem, repurchase, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value, in each case, any Junior
Debt; provided, notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) to the extent expressly permitted under the intercreditor agreement or subordination agreement applicable thereto, and so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrowers may make regularly scheduled payments of interest in respect of any Junior Debt, and (ii) subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, so long as no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Holdings may make payments under the STORE Guaranty. 

Section 6.6
Investments. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, make any Investments, except: 

(a) Investments in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; 

(b) Investments consisting of the indorsement of negotiable instruments payable to such Person for deposit or collection in the
ordinary course of business; 

(c) Investments by a Loan Party in any other Loan Party; 

(d) Investments in the form of Swap Contracts permitted by Section 6.1(c); 

(e) guarantees of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.1; and 

(f) the Paragon Acquisition. 

Section 6.7 Transactions with Affiliates; Management Fees. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or
Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrowers, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than: 

(a) on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrowers or such other Loan Party or Subsidiary as would be
obtainable by the Borrowers or such other Loan Party or Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; 

(b) the payment of management fees to a manager of the Company pursuant to a management services agreement or similar agreement
(a Management Agreement), but only so long as (i) such Management Agreement is in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender in its sole discretion, and subject to subordination arrangements satisfactory to the Lender in
its sole discretion, and (ii) both at the time of and after giving effect to each such payment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(c) transactions among the Loan Parties; and 

(d) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.5. 

Section 6.8 Financial Covenants. 

(a) Minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. Commencing June 30, 2027 and as of each Covenant Compliance Date
thereafter, the Borrowers will not permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio to be less than the ratios set forth below for each Covenant Compliance Date: 

-71- 

Covenant Compliance Date 

Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio

June 30, 2027 and each Covenant Compliance Date thereafter through (and including) March 31, 2028 1.00 to 1.00

June 30, 2028 and each Covenant Compliance Date thereafter 1.25 to 1.00

(b) Minimum Liquidity. (i) On and as of December 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2026, and (ii) thereafter on and as of each Covenant Compliance Date, the Borrowers will not permit Liquidity to be less than $3,000,000. 

(c) Minimum EBITDA. As of each Covenant Compliance Date set forth below, the Borrowers will not permit the Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA for each applicable corresponding period set forth below (each such period, a Measurement Period) to be less than the amount set forth opposite such Measurement Period: 

Covenant Compliance Date 

Measurement Period 

Minimum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA

March 31, 2026 Calendar quarter ending March 31, 2026 $0

December 31, 2026 Calendar quarter ending December 31, 2026 $3,000,000

March 31, 2027 Calendar quarter ending March 31, 2027 $3,000,000

and 

Covenant Computation Period ending March 31, 2027 (for the avoidance of doubt, with Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Covenant Computation Period calculated in the aggregate for such Covenant Computation Period) $7,000,000

provided, however, that: 

(i) if a Force Majeure Event has occurred at one or more Applicable Farms (each such Applicable Farm, an Impacted
Individual Farm) during any Measurement Period set forth above (each, an Impacted Measurement Period), then (1) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Impacted Measurement Period shall be calculated (solely for
purposes of this Section 6.8(c)) as if such Impacted Individual Farm were not part of the 

-72- 

Consolidated Group in any respect during such Impacted Measurement Period (and, for the avoidance of doubt, each component of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (including, without limitation,
Consolidated Net Income and each deduction and add-back thereto) shall be calculated as if such Impacted Individual Farm were not part of the Consolidated Group in any respect during such Impacted Measurement
Period, and (2) the minimum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA set forth above with respect to the Covenant Compliance Date applicable to such Impacted Measurement Period (such minimum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, the Impacted Minimum
EBITDA) shall automatically be deemed to be reduced to the Adjusted Minimum EBITDA (for example, (A) assuming (x) a Force Majeure Event occurred at a single Impacted Individual Farm during the calendar quarter ending December 31,
2026, (y) the Total Budgeted EBITDA of the Consolidated Group for such calendar quarter was $5,000,000 and (y) the Individual Budgeted EBITDA of such single Impacted Individual Farm for such calendar quarter was $1,000,000, then
(1) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such calendar quarter shall be calculated (solely for purposes of this Section 6.8(c)) as if such single Impacted Individual Farm were not part of the Consolidated Group in any respect during such
calendar quarter, and (2) the minimum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of $3,000,000 as of December 31, 2026 shall automatically be deemed to be reduced to $2,400,000; and (B) assuming (x) a Force Majeure Event occurred at two Impacted
Individual Farms during the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2026, (y) the Total Budgeted EBITDA of the Consolidated Group for such calendar quarter was $5,000,000 and (y) the sum of both such Impacted Individual Farms Individual
Budgeted EBITDA for for such calendar quarter was $2,500,000, then (1) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such calendar quarter shall be calculated (solely for purposes of this Section 6.8(c)) as if both such Impacted Individual Farms were
not part of the Consolidated Group in any respect during such calendar quarter, and (2) the minimum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of $3,000,000 as of December 31, 2026 shall automatically be deemed to be reduced to $1,500,000); and 

(ii) if the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of a Covenant Compliance Date set forth above for the corresponding Measurement
Period (an Applicable Measurement Period) is less than the minimum amount set forth opposite such Applicable Measurement Period above (such minimum amount, the Applicable Minimum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA),
such Default shall automaticaly be deemed cured to the extent that the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the calendar quarter or the Covenant Computation Period, as applicable, ending on the last day of the calendar quarter immediately following such
Applicable Measurement Period equals or exceeds such Applicable Minimum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. (For example, (A) if the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2026 is less than $0, such Default shall
automatically be deemed cured if the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the calendar quarter ending June 30, 2026 equals or exceeds $0; and (B) if the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Covenant Computation Period ending March 31,
2027 is less than $7,000,000, such Default shall automatically be deemed cured if the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Covenant Computation Period ending June 30, 2027 equals or exceeds $7,000,000.) 

(d) Growth Capital Expenditures. Commencing on the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date and continuing at all times
thereafter, no Loan Party or Subsidiary may (1) acquire any interest (whether fee or leasehold) in real property, (2) make or incur Capital Expenditures with respect to any new Farm or new Farm Project, or (3) make or incur Capital
Expenditures for the expansion (including, without limitation, any phase 2 expansion or other expansion) of any Specified Farm, in each case without the prior written consent of the Lender; provided: 

-73- 

(i) solely in the case of the preceding subcluase (3), the Loan Parties may
make or incur Capital Expenditures (x) in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,500,000 solely for the purpose of modifying the greenhouse facilities at the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm to enable the production of cut lettuce instead of head
lettuce, (y) in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,000,000 with proceeds of Indebtedness under the STORE Documents (including in respect of rafts required for the Oxnard (California) Farm as disclosed by the Company to the Lender prior to the
Eleventh Amendment Effective Date), and (z) financed with the proceeds of any Expansion Indebtedness; and 

(ii) the
Loan Parties may form a new Subsidiary (such Subsidiary, the Ohio SPV) for the purpose of making or incurring Capital Expenditures in respect of a new Farm Project in the State of Ohio (such Farm Project, the Ohio Farm
Project), but only so long as (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (B) any and all Capital Expenditures in respect of the Ohio Farm Project are made or incurred solely by the Ohio SPV (and not by any
Loan Party), (C) any financing of the Ohio Farm Project (including, but not limited to, any financing in the form of a sale and leaseback transaction or an equity financing) at no time is or shall be (x) secured by any Collateral or
(y) guarantied by any Borrower or Guarantor, and (D) at least 30 days prior to incurring any costs in respect of the Ohio Farm Project (including, without limitation, acquiring any interest in real property, incurring costs in respect of
engineering, design or architecture work or otherwise making or incurring any Capital Expenditures, in each case in respect of the Ohio Farm Project), the Company shall have delivered to the Lender a ceritifcate, signed by a Responsible Officer of
the Company, (I) demonstrating in reasonable detail that the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Consolidated Group for the six (6) month period ending on the most recent month end equaled or exceeded $10,000,000, and (II) certifying
that (x) at least 75% of the Governing Board of Holdings approved making or incurring Capital Expenditures in respect of the Ohio Farm Project by an affirmative vote complying with Holdings Organizational Documents, and (y) Capital
Expenditures in respect of the Ohio Farm Project are (1) not reasonably expected to have an adverse effect on the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and (2) not reasonably expected to disadvantage the Collateral relative
to the new Ohio Farm Project. 

(e) Current Ratio. Commencing June 30, 2027 and as of each Covenant Compliance
Date thereafter, the Borrowers will not permit the Current Ratio to be less than the ratios set forth below for each Covenant Compliance Date: 

Covenant Compliance Date 

Current Ratio

June 30, 2027 and each Covenant Compliance Date thereafter through (and including) March 31, 2028 1.00 to 1.00

June 30, 2028 and each Covenant Compliance Date thereafter 1.20 to 1.00

-74- 

Section 6.9 Certain Restrictive Agreements. The Borrowers will not, and will not
permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, enter into any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the documentation governing the Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.1(f)) that, directly or indirectly,
(a) limits the ability of (i) Holdings or any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to any Borrower or to otherwise transfer property to any Borrower, (ii) Holdings or any Subsidiary to guaranty Indebtedness of any Borrower or
(iii) any Borrower, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens (other than Permitted Liens) on property of such Person to secure the Obligations; or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an
obligation of such Person if a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) is granted to secure another obligation of such Person. 

Section 6.10 Changes in Fiscal Periods; Accounting Methods. No Borrower will, and no Borrower will permit any other Loan
Party or Subsidiary to, change its method of determining its fiscal year, fiscal months or other accounting periods. In addition, no Borrower will, and no Borrower will permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, change its method of accounting
(other than as may be required to conform to GAAP, in which case the Borrowers shall disclose such changes to the Lender). 

Section 6.11 Changes in Nature of Business. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to,
engage in any material extent in any business other than those businesses conducted by the Borrowers, such Loan Party or Subsidiary on the First Amendment Funding Date or any business reasonably related or incidental thereto or representing a
reasonable expansion thereof. 

Section 6.12 Organizational Documents. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other
Loan Party or Subsidiary to, amend its Organizational Documents unless, in each case, the Borrowers have provided not less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Lender and, if such amendment could reasonably
be expected to have an adverse effect on the Lender, obtained the prior written consent of the Lender. 

Section 6.13 Material
Agreements; Change Orders. 

(a) The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to,
without the prior written consent of the Lender, cause or permit to occur any amendment, restatement, supplement, termination, cancellation or revocation of, or any waiver or forbearance in respect of the exercise of any rights or remedies of the
Borrowers or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary under, any GC Contract, any STORE Document or any PIPE Transaction Document, except to the extent that such amendment, restatement, supplement, termination, cancellation, revocation or waiver
(i) is not adverse to the Lender (as determined by the Lender in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) complies with clause (d) below. 

(b) With respect to any Material Agreement (other than a GC Contract, any STORE Document or any PIPE Transaction Document), the
Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, without the prior written consent of the Lender, cause or permit to occur any amendment, restatement, supplement, termination, cancellation or revocation of, or any
waiver or forbearance in respect of the exercise of any rights or remedies of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary under, any such Material Agreement, except to the extent that such amendment, restatement, supplement, termination,
cancellation, revocation or waiver (i) is not materially adverse to the Lender (as determined by the Lender in its reasonable discretion) (it being understood and agreed that any amendment, change or other modification to the purchase price or
any component thereof under any Paragon Purchase Document (including, without limitation, any such amendment, change or other modification to the Parent Share Value (as defined in the Paragon California PSA)) shall be deemed materially adverse to
the Lender (other than (x) any decrease in the Aggregate Paragon Consideration of not more than 5% (whether such reduction is in non-cash consideration or cash consideration), provided that any
such reduction in cash consideration is automatically accompanied by a dollar-for-dollar reduction, on a pro rata basis, of

-75- 

the Term Loan Amount (as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement) and the Term Loan Amount, and (y) any increase to the Aggregate Paragon Consideration of not more than 5% so long as
such increase represents additional non-cash consideration or cash consideration not consisting of additional First Amendment Term Loans or First Amendment Term Loans (as defined in the Subordinated Credit
Agreement))), and (ii) complies with clause (d) below. 

(c) The Borrowers will not permit any Material Project
Participant to commence any work with respect to a Specified Farm Project unless and until the Borrowers have received and delivered to the Lender, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, (i) if requested by the Lender, a consent
and acknowledgment of such Material Project Participant to the Collateral Assignment of the applicable Project Document, (ii) if requested by the Lender, if such Material Project Participant is a Material Project Contractor, payment and
performance bonds of such Material Project Contractor (which, to the extent approved by the Lender in writing in its reasonable discretion, may be in the form of payment and performance bonds issued by applicable subcontractors) and dual obligee
riders in favor of the Lender as required by Section 5.18(d)(iv), and (iii) if such Material Project Participant is a Material Project Contractor, evidence of insurance of such Material Project Contractor as required by Sections
5.18(d)(ii) and 5.18(d)(iii). 

(d) The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to,
without the prior written consent of the Lender, sign or permit to exist any change orders to a Material Project Document that are, individually, in excess of $250,000 or, with respect to all change orders relating to any one contractor, are in
excess of $500,000 in the aggregate, in each case on and after the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date. 

Section 6.14 Subsidiaries,
Joint Ventures. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, own or create directly or indirectly any Subsidiaries without the prior written consent of the Lender unless (i) such new Subsidiary is a
Loan Party hereunder or (ii) such Subsidiary is formed solely for the purpose set forth in, and in compliance with the terms of, Section 6.8(d)(ii). The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, become
or agree to become a party to any partnership or joint venture without the prior written consent of the Lender. 

Section 6.15
Sanctions and Anti-Terrorism; Anti-Corruption Use of Proceeds. The Borrowers will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Term Loan, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any other Loan Party,
Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of the FCPA or any other
Anti-Corruption Law, or (ii) (A) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or Anti-Terrorism Laws, or
(B) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, Anti-Terrorism Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws by any Person. 

Section 6.16 ERISA. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any ERISA Affiliate, Loan Party or Subsidiary to, establish,
maintain, contribute to, or become obligated to contribute to any employee benefit plan or other plan that is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the funding standards of Section 412 of the Code; or become an ERISA Affiliate of any
Person that sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is obligated to contribute to (or in the immediately preceding seven plan years has contributed to or been obligated to contribute to) any employee benefit plan or other plan that is covered by
Title IV or ERISA or subject to the funding standards of Section 412 of the Code. 

-76- 

Section 6.17 Sale-Leasebacks. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any
other Loan Party or Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, sell or otherwise transfer, in one or more related transactions, any property (whether real, personal or mixed) and thereafter rent or lease such transferred property or substantially
similar property, other than (a) (subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions) the STORE Sale-Leaseback and (b) any sale and leaseback transaction permitted under Section 6.8(d)(ii). 

Section 6.18 Operating Leases. The Borrowers will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party to Subsidiary to, become a party
to or suffer to exist any operating lease, other than (a) Farm Lease Agreements, but only so long as (i) the Borrowers provide the Lender with not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice before entering into any Farm
Lease Agreement, (ii) if such Farm Lease Agreement is a Third-Party Farm Lease Agreement, the Borrowers will comply with the requirements set forth in Section 5.15(b)(ii) (provided, that if such Farm Lease Agreement is not a
Third-Party Farm Lease Agreement, the Borrowers will comply with the requirements set forth in Section 5.15(b)(i)), (iii) each Farm Lease Agreement is non-cancellable and has a tenor ending no earlier
than the later of (x) the seventh (7th)-year anniversary of such Farm Lease Agreement and (y) the Maturity Date, and (iv) each Farm Lease Agreement is otherwise in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Lender, (b) subject to satisfaction of the STORE Sale-Leaseback Conditions, the STORE Lease Agreement, and (c) subject to Section 6.1, other operating leases. 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF
DEFAULT 

Section 7.1 Events of Default. If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default)
shall occur: 

(a) the Borrowers or any other Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal or interest hereunder when and as
the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; or 

(b) the Borrowers or any other Loan Party shall fail to pay any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in
clause (a) of this Section) payable under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of two (2) Business Days; or 

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or any waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or any waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document already qualified by materiality, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect) when made or deemed made; or 

(d) any of the Loan Parties shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in
Section 5.3, 5.4, 5.5(b), 5.6, 5.8, 5.9, 5.12 through 5.21 or in Article VI (subject, in the case of Section 6.8(c), to the cure period set forth therein); or 

(e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any
other Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Section) and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) or more days (or such earlier period as may be specified in any other
Loan Document); or 

-77- 

(f) (i) a material default shall occur under the SPAC Merger Agreement or
any Warrant Agreement (or, if applicable, any warrant issued thereunder), and such material default shall remain in effect after any grace period applicable thereto, (ii) a default shall occur under any STORE Document, and such default shall
remain in effect after any grace period applicable thereto, if any, (iii) a default shall occur under a Swap Contract with a Swap Party, and such default shall remain in effect after any grace period applicable thereto, if any, or
(iv) with respect to any Material Agreement other than (x) a Material Agreement specified in the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) or (y) a Material Project Document, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party fails to perform
or observe any material term, covenant or agreement contained in such Material Agreement or otherwise breaches any such Material Agreement in any material respect; or 

(g) (i) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents) of more than $500,000 (including, without limitation, undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts
owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement), in each case beyond the applicable grace or cure periods with respect thereto, if any; or (ii) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any other
agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder
or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed
(automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, in each case, beyond the applicable grace or cure periods with respect thereto; provided that this
clause (g)(ii) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if (x) such Indebtedness and repayment is permitted under the Loan
Documents and (y) the sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents providing for such Indebtedness and such Indebtedness is repaid when required under the documents providing for such documents; or 

(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation,
reorganization or other relief in respect of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for a period of thirty
(30) or more days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the actions sought in such proceeding shall be entered; or 

(i) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief, including any stay of proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition
described in clause (h) of this Section, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its
assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any
of the foregoing; or 

-78- 

(j) any Loan Party or Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its
inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; or 

(k) there is entered against any Loan Party or
Subsidiary a judgment, award, decree or order, which is either (i) for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding $2,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to
which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied or failed to acknowledge coverage), or (ii) a non-monetary judgment, award, decree or order that, either individually or in
the aggregate, has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, in each case, that has remained unsatisfied, unvacated, undischarged and unstayed pending appeal for a period of thirty (30) days after the entry thereof; or

(l) a Change of Control shall occur; or 

(m) (i) any breach, default or event of default shall occur at any time under the terms of any PIPE Transaction Document and
such breach, default or event of default shall continue unremedied for the expressly specified cure period with respect thereto; or (ii) any PIPE Transaction Document (A) for any reason ceases to be legal, valid and binding and in full
force and effect with respect to each party thereto, (B) is terminated prior to the scheduled expiration date thereof for any reason whatsoever without the prior written consent of the Lender, (C) is (or any material provision thereof is)
declared to be null and void or otherwise ineffective or inoperative, or (D) is (or any material provision thereof is) challenged or contested by any party thereto; or 

(n) any material License (including any Agricultural License) of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall terminate or
otherwise cease to be in full force and effect and the conditions causing the termination or cessation of such License are not cured within 15 days of such termination or cessation; or 

(o) any material provision of any Loan Document or any Warrant Agreement (or, if applicable, any warrant issued thereunder) at
any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or Payment in Full of all Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or other Person contests in
writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document or any Warrant Agreement (or, if applicable, any warrant issued thereunder); or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under
any Loan Document or any Warrant Agreement (or, if applicable, any warrant issued thereunder), or purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document or any Warrant Agreement (or, if applicable, any warrant issued thereunder); or

(p) any Lien purported to be created under any Collateral Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan
Party not to be, a valid, perfected or first-priority Lien on any portion of the Collateral (subject only to Permitted Liens and except to the extent not required to be perfected or first priority under the terms of the Collateral Documents); or

(q) (i) any inventory or products of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall be subject to any seizure,
administrative detention or mandatory recall by any Governmental Authority; (ii) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall voluntarily recall any of its inventory or products having a fair market value in excess of $1,000,000; or
(iii) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof receives a warning letter from any Governmental Authority in connection with such Loan Partys or Subsidiarys failure to adequately address any Form 483 observations or any other
Governmental Authority findings relating to the conditions, procedures or products in any such Loan Partys or Subsidiarys facilities; or 

-79- 

(r) there shall occur any uninsured damage to or loss, condemnation, theft
or destruction of any portion of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries assets with a fair market value in excess of $2,000,000; or such assets with a fair market value in excess of $2,000,000 are attached, seized, levied upon or
subjected to a writ of attachment, garnishment, levy or similar process; or any assets of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries with a fair market value in excess of $2,000,000 come within the possession of any receiver, trustee, custodian
or assignee for the benefit of creditors; or 

(s) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party incurs any Environmental
Liability which will require expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $1,000,000 during any Fiscal Year; or 

(t) any act of expropriation, nationalization or similar event or circumstance occurs affecting the properties and assets of
the Loan Parties; or 

(u) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party shall, or shall propose to, suspend or
discontinue its business or any material line thereof; or 

(v) Holdings common Equity Interests shall cease to remain
registered with the SEC and listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange or other nationally recognized exchange; or 

(w) any development, event or circumstance shall occur or exist that results in or could result in a Material Adverse Effect;
or 

(x) (i) any Material Project Participant fails to perform or observe any material term or obligation contained in any
Material Project Document and within the later of (x) the cure period provided therefor in such Material Project Document or (y) thirty (30) days thereafter (or such longer period as expressly permitted under the applicable Material
Project Document), either (A) such default has not been cured on terms reasonably acceptable to the Lender, or (B) the applicable Material Project Participant has not been replaced by a replacement Material Project Participant pursuant to
a replacement Material Project Document that is, in each case, reasonably acceptable to the Lender and subject to a Collateral Assignment; or 

(ii) (A) any Material Project Document for any reason ceases to be legal, valid and binding and in full force and effect with
respect to each Material Project Participant that is a party thereto or any such Material Project Participant shall so assert in writing; (B) any Material Project Document is terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the later of
(x) its scheduled expiration date and (y) sixty (60) days after the Final Completion Date applicable to the Farm Project to which such Material Project Document relates, in each case without the prior consent of the Lender; or (C) any
material provision of any Material Project Document shall be declared to be null and void (unless such declaration is expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of such Material Project Document and does not result in any Default or Event of
Default); provided, that any such event described in this Section 7.1(x)(ii) shall not be an Event of Default if, within thirty (30) days of the occurrence thereof, the applicable Material Project Participant has been replaced
pursuant to a replacement Material Project Document that, in each case, is reasonably acceptable to the Lender and subject to a Collateral Assignment; provided, however, that if (I) such breach or default cannot be cured within
such thirty (30)-day period, (II) such breach or default is susceptible to cure within sixty (60) days, (III) such breach or default has not resulted, and could not, with the additional cure time
contemplated by this proviso, be reasonably expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrowers or any other 

-80- 

Loan Party, and (IV) the Borrowers are proceeding with all requisite diligence and in good faith to cure such failure, then the time within which such failure may be cured shall be extended
to such date, not to exceed a total of thirty (30) days after the end of the initial thirty (30)-day period, as shall be necessary for such party diligently to cure such failure; or 

(y) (i) the Project Costs applicable to a Specified Farm Project (other than the Pasco (Washington) Farm, the Warner Robins
(Georgia) Farm and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm) at any time exceed 110% of the Initial Construction Budget applicable to such Specified Farm Project (including the contingency reserves set forth therein), or (ii) the Project Costs applicable
to (A) the Pasco (Washington) Farm exceed 110% of the remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs applicable thereto as set forth in Section 2(h)(i)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment, (B) the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm exceed 105% of the
remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs applicable thereto as set forth in Section 2(h)(ii)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment, or (C) the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm exceed 105% of the remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs applicable
thereto as set forth in Section 2(h)(iii)(B) of the Eleventh Amendment; provided, that any such event described in this Section 7.1(y) shall not be an Event of Default if the Borrowers have, within thirty (30) days after notice
or knowledge thereof, deposited in escrow or otherwise posted cash collateral (or other security or evidence of funds acceptable to the Lender) in an amount reasonably acceptable to the Lender; or 

(z) any cessation in the construction of any Farm Project shall have occurred for more than thirty (30) days, regardless
of the cause, except to the extent such cessation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrowers or any other Loan Party; or 

(aa) any material portion of any Farm or Farm Project is destroyed, condemned or seized, or the Borrowers suffer a total loss
with respect to any Farm or Farm Project; or 

(bb) the Final Completion Date applicable to a Specified Farm Project shall
not have occurred on prior to the Completion Deadline applicable to such Specified Farm Project; provided, that any such event described in this Section 7.1(bb) shall not be an Event of Default so long as (i) such failure to meet
the applicable Completion Deadline could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, (ii) the Borrowers are proceeding with all requisite diligence and in good faith to
achieve the Final Completion Date for the applicable Specified Farm Project, and (iii) such Specified Farm Project is Completed not later than sixty (60) days after the applicable Completion Deadline; or 

(cc) at any time after a Restructuring Advisor is engaged by the Loan Parties in accordance with Section 5.21, (i) such
Restructuring Advisor resigns or is terminated and the Loan Parties have not retained a replacement Restructuring Advisor acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion on terms and conditions acceptable to the Lender in its sole discretion within
fifteen (15) Business Days following such resignation or termination, or (ii) such Restructuring Advisor no longer has all of the authorities and responsibilities set forth in the Loan Documents and the Restructuring Advisor Engagement
Documents; 

then, and in every such event and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Lender shall have no further obligation to
offer any credit accommodations and the Lender may, by notice to the Borrowers, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times, in each case in the Lenders sole discretion: 

-81- 

(i) declare the Term Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole
(or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Term Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon
and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers; 

(ii) apply for the appointment of, or taking possession by, a trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official of any
Loan Party with respect to the operations of any Loan Party or to hold or liquidate all or any substantial part of the properties or assets of any Loan Party (and each Loan Party hereby consents to such appointment and agrees to execute and deliver
any and all documents requested by the Lender relating to the appointment of such trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official, whether by joining in a petition for the appointment of such an official, by entering no contest to a petition
for the appointment of such an official, or otherwise, as appropriate under Applicable Law); 

(iii) setoff and apply any
and all obligations at any time owing by the Lender or any of its Affiliates to the Borrowers or any other Loan Party (including, if applicable, any obligations owing by CRM to any Borrower under a Swap Contract) against any or all of the
Obligations, irrespective of whether or not the Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrowers or such other Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured; and 

(iv) exercise all rights and remedies available to it under the Loan Documents and Applicable Law; 

provided that, in case of any event with respect to the Borrowers described in clause (h), (i) or (j) of this Section, the principal of the
Term Loan then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are
hereby waived by the Borrowers. 

Section 7.2 Application of Payments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all payments received on account of the Obligations shall be applied in such order as the Lender shall, in its sole discretion, determine. 

ARTICLE VIII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 8.1 Notices. All notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand
or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or email as follows: 

(a) if to
any Borrower or any other Loan Party or Subsidiary, delivered to the Company at 490 Foley Lane, Hamilton, MT 59840, Attention: Kathleen Valiasek; Email: ; and 

(b) if to the Lender, delivered to Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., 15407 McGinty Road West, MS 142, Wayzata, MN
55391, Attention: Erik Haugen; Telephone No.: (952) 984-0574; Fax No.: (952) 249-4416; Email: . 

-82- 

Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be
deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile or email shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of
business on the next business day for the recipient). Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or email address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

Section 8.2 Amendments; Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no
consent to any departure by the Borrowers therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing executed by the Borrowers and the Lender, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for
which given. No failure or delay by the Lender in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, remedy,
power or privilege, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right, remedy, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights,
remedies, powers and privileges of the Lender are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers or privileges that the Lender would otherwise have. 

Section 8.3 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

(a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrowers shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of the Project Consultant and of outside counsel for the Lender) in
connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Warrant Agreements (including, if applicable, any warrant issued thereunder), or any amendments, modifications
or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of the Project Consultant and of outside counsel for the Lender) in connection with (A) the enforcement or protection of its rights, including, without limitation,
any expenses incurred in connection with the hiring of consultants or advisors, (I) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (II) in connection with the Term Loans,
including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Term Loans, and (B) any bankruptcy or other
insolvency proceeding with respect to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party. 

(b) Indemnification. The
Borrowers shall indemnify the Lender, the Project Consultant, each Swap Party and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from,
any and all actual costs and expenses, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the out-of-pocket costs, expenses, fees, charges and
disbursements of outside counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including any Borrower) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby, (ii) the Term Loans or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the
foregoing, whether based on 

-83- 

contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrowers, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall
not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrowers against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the
Borrowers has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(c) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no party to this Agreement
shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection
with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the Term Loans or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in
paragraph (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in
connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 

(d)
Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than three (3) days after demand therefor. 

(e) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section shall survive the termination of the Loan Documents and
payment of the Obligations hereunder. 

Section 8.4 Engagement of Project Consultant, Other Agents. In addition to, and not in
limitation of Sections 5.1, 5.11 and 8.3 of this Agreement, each Borrower (a) acknowledges that the Lender may from time to time engage the Project Consultant, a financial advisor and other advisors, consultants and agents on terms and
conditions acceptable to the Lender, (b) agrees to, and shall cause its officers, employees, agents and advisors to, cooperate at all times with the Project Consultant, such financial advisor and such other consultants, advisors and agents and
to provide all information reasonably requested by the Project Consultant, such financial advisor and such other advisor, consultant and agent, and (c) agrees, promptly after demand therefor, to reimburse the Lender for all costs, fees, charges
and disbursements of the Project Consultant, such financial advisor and such other advisor, consultant and agent. 

Section 8.5
Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Borrower may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Lender. The Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement (including all or a portion of the Term Loans or commitments of the Lender under the Term Loan Facility), provided that such assignment shall be subject to the consent of the Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld
or delayed) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lender may participate all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Term Loans)
without the prior written consent of the Borrowers. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the
extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of the Lender) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

-84- 

Section 8.6 Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties
made by the Borrowers herein and in any Loan Document or other documents delivered in connection herewith or therewith or pursuant hereto or thereto shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the
execution and delivery hereof and thereof and the making of the Term Loans hereunder, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default
or Event of Default at the time of the Term Loans, and shall continue in full force and effect until Payment in Full. The provisions of Sections 8.3 and 8.14 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, Payment in Full or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

Section 8.7
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall
constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic (e.g., pdf or tif) format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section 8.8 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is
held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall
endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity
of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 8.9 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action
(whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal law of the State of New York (without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof other than Sections 5-1401and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, which shall apply to this Agreement and all documentation hereunder). 

(b) Jurisdiction. Each Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation
or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Lender or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the
transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than a state court located in the County of New York, State of New York or a federal court located in the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each
of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York state court or, to the
fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a 

-85- 

final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing
in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts
of any jurisdiction. 

(c) Waiver of Venue. Each Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by Applicable Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in
paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) Service of Process. Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices
in Section 8.1. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by Applicable Law. 

Section 8.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR
ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE
FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

Section 8.11 Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only,
are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

Section 8.12 PATRIOT Act. The Lender hereby notifies the Loan Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it
may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name and address of the Loan Parties and other information that will allow the Lender to identify the Loan Parties in
accordance with the PATRIOT Act. The Borrowers will, promptly following a request by the Lender, provide all documentation and other information, including, without limitation, the certification regarding beneficial ownership of legal entity
customers (the Beneficial Ownership Certification) (if any Borrower is a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation), that the Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under
applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. 

Section 8.13
Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to the Term Loans, together with all fees, charges and other amounts that are treated as interest on the Term Loans under
Applicable Law (collectively, charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender in accordance with Applicable Law,
the rate of interest payable in respect of the Term Loans hereunder, together with all charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate. Any amount collected by the Lender that exceeds the maximum amount collectible at the
Maximum Rate shall be applied to the reduction of the principal balance of the Term Loans or refunded to the Borrowers so that at no time shall the interest and charges paid or payable in respect of the Term Loans exceed the maximum amount
collectible at the Maximum Rate. 

-86- 

Section 8.14 Payments Set Aside; Reinstatement of Liens. To the extent
that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to the Lender and such payment or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by the Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceedings under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof
originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred. In addition, in the event that the Lender is required to return funds received after
Payment in Full and release of the Liens to any Loan Parties or estates thereof or Persons claiming through the foregoing, in connection with a proceeding under Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, then the Liens granted pursuant to the Loan Documents
shall automatically be reinstated without further action of the Loan Parties. This Section 8.14 shall survive termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Section 8.15 Joint and Several Liability. EACH BORROWER AGREES THAT IT IS LIABLE, JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY, WITH EACH OTHER BORROWER
FOR THE PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE OF ALL OBLIGATIONS OF THE BORROWERS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT THE LENDER CAN ENFORCE SUCH OBLIGATIONS AGAINST ANY OR ALL BORROWERS, IN THE LENDERS SOLE AND UNLIMITED DISCRETION. Each Borrower represents and
warrants to the Lender that it has established adequate means of obtaining from every other Borrower on a continuing basis financial and other information relating to the financial condition of such other Borrower, and each Borrower agrees to keep
adequately informed by such means of any facts, events or circumstances which might in any way affect its risks hereunder. Each Borrower further agrees that the Lender shall have no obligation to disclose to it any information or material about any
other Borrower which is acquired by the Lender in any manner. Until Payment in Full has occurred, each Borrower waives any right to enforce any remedy which the Lender now has or may hereafter have against any other Borrower or any other Person, and
waives any benefit of, or any right to participate in, any security now or hereafter held by the Lender. 

Section 8.16 The Company
as Agent for Borrowers. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for all Borrowers (the
Administrative Borrower) which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until the Lender shall have received prior written notice signed by each Borrower that such appointment has been revoked and that another
Borrower has been appointed Administrative Borrower. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Borrower (a) to provide the Lender with all notices with respect to Term Loans obtained for the benefit of any
Borrower and all other notices and instructions under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and any notice or instruction provided by Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to be given by all Borrowers hereunder and shall bind each
Borrower), (b) to receive notices and instructions from the Lender (and any notice or instruction provided by the Lender to the Administrative Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been given to each Borrower), (c) to
execute, deliver and perform any Loan Document on behalf of such Borrower (it being understood and agreed that any Loan Document that is binding on the Administrative Borrower will be deemed binding on all Borrowers), and (d) to take such
action as the Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Term Loans and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each Borrower
agrees that any action taken by the Administrative Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the exercise by the Administrative Borrower of its powers 

-87- 

set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Borrowers. Each Borrower hereby jointly and severally agrees
to indemnify the Lender and hold the Lender harmless against any and all liability, expense, loss or claim of damage or injury, made against the Lender by any Borrower or by any third party whosoever, arising from or incurred by reason of
(x) the handling of any Collateral of the Borrowers as provided in this Section 8.16, or (y) the Lender relying on any instructions of the Administrative Borrower. 

Section 8.17 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby
(including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or
agency relationship between such Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the Lender is intended to be or has been created in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents, irrespective of whether the Lender has advised or
is advising such Borrower or any Subsidiary on other matters and irrespective of any Equity Interest of such Borrower held by the Lender (if any), (b) the services regarding this Agreement provided by the Lender are arms-length commercial transactions between such Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Lender, on the other hand, (c) such Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and
tax advisors to the extent that it has deemed appropriate, (d) such Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents,
(e) the Lender has no obligation to such Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and (f) the Lender and its
Affiliates may be engaged, for their own accounts or the accounts of customers, in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of such Borrower and its Affiliates, and the Lender has no obligation to disclose any of
such interests to such Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary
duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

Section 8.18 CALIFORNIA JUDICIAL REFERENCE. IF ANY
ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS FILED IN A COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA BY OR AGAINST ANY PARTY HERETO IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, (A) THE COURT SHALL, AND IS HEREBY DIRECTED
TO, MAKE A GENERAL REFERENCE PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTION 638 TO A REFEREE (WHO SHALL BE A SINGLE ACTIVE OR RETIRED JUDGE) TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ALL OF THE ISSUES IN SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER OF FACT OR OF LAW) AND
TO REPORT A STATEMENT OF DECISION, PROVIDED THAT AT THE OPTION OF ANY PARTY TO SUCH PROCEEDING, ANY SUCH ISSUES PERTAINING TO A PROVISIONAL REMEDY AS DEFINED IN CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTION 1281.8 SHALL BE HEARD AND
DETERMINED BY THE COURT, AND (B) WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF SECTION 8.3, THE BORROWERS SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE TO PAY ALL FEES AND EXPENSES OF ANY REFEREE APPOINTED IN SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 

Signature page follows. 

-88- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

LOCAL BOUNTI OPERATING COMPANY LLC, as Borrower

By 

Name: 

Title: 

BOUNTI BITTEROOT LLC, as Borrower

By 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT PROPERTY COMPANY, LLC, as Borrower

By 

Name: 

Title: 

GROW BOUNTI NORTHWEST, LLC, as Borrower

By 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to
Credit Agreement 

CARGILL FINANCIAL SERVICES INTERNATIONAL, INC., as Lender

By 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to
Credit Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d854627dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

RESTRUCTURING AGREEMENT AND 

ELEVENTH AMENDMENT TO SENIOR CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This Agreement is entered into as of March 31, 2025 by and among Local Bounti Operating Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Company), Local Bounti Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Holdings), the other Guarantors signatory hereto, the Subsidiary Borrowers signatory hereto, Cargill Financial Services International,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (CFSI), in its capacity as the Senior Lender (as defined below), and CFSI, in its capacity as the Subordinated Lender (as defined below). 

The Company and CFSI are parties to (i) a Credit Agreement dated as of September 3, 2021 (as amended by a First Amendment to
Credit Agreements and Subordination Agreement dated as of March 14, 2022 (the First Amendment), a Second Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of August 11, 2022 (and effective as of June 30, 2022) (the
Second Amendment), a Third Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of December 30, 2022 (the Third Amendment), a Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of January 6, 2023 (the Fourth
Amendment), a Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of March 13, 2023 (the Fifth Amendment), a Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of March 28, 2023 (the Sixth Amendment), a
Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of October 2, 2023 (the Seventh Amendment), an Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of January 23, 2024 (the Eighth Amendment), a Ninth
Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of March 26, 2024 (the Ninth Amendment), and a Tenth Amendment to Credit Agreements dated as of June 28, 2024 (the Tenth Amendment), and as further amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Senior Credit Agreement), among the Company, certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto, as borrowers
(the Subsidiary Borrowers and, together with the Company, the Borrowers), and CFSI, as lender (in such capacity, the Senior Lender), and (ii) a Subordinated Credit Agreement
dated as of September 3, 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, the Sixth Amendment, the Seventh Amendment, the Eighth Amendment, the Ninth Amendment and
the Tenth Amendment, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Subordinated Credit Agreement and, together with the Senior Credit Agreement, the
Credit Agreements), among the Company, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, and CFSI, as lender (in such capacity, the Subordinated Lender). 

The Company, the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender have engaged in arms length, good faith negotiations regarding a
restructuring of the existing indebtedness of the Company and the other Loan Parties under the Senior Credit Agreement and the Subordinated Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

ACCORDINGLY, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1. Definitions. As used herein, capitalized terms defined in the Credit
Agreements and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Credit Agreements. In addition, as used in this Agreement: 

Amended Senior Credit Agreement means the Senior Credit Agreement as amended by this Agreement. 

Continuing Obligations means (a) obligations which
survive termination pursuant to the express terms of the Subordinated Loan Documents and (b) contingent reimbursement obligations and indemnity obligations contained in the Subordinated Loan Documents. 

Debt Cancellation and Reduction means the Subordinated Debt Cancellation and the Senior Debt Reduction. 

Senior Debt Reduction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(b) of this Agreement. 

Senior Guaranties means the Guaranties as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement 

Senior Loan Documents means the Loan Documents as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement. 

Senior Obligations means the Obligations as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement. 

Senior Security Agreement means the Security Agreement as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement

Senior Term Loans means the Term Loans as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement. 

Specified Defaults means the Defaults and Events of Default set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto.

Specified Farm means, individually and collectively, the Pasco (Washington) Farm, the Warner Robins
(Georgia) Farm and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm. 

Subordinated Debt Cancellation has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 3(a) of this Agreement. 

Subordinated Loan Documents means the
Loan Documents as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. 

Subordinated Obligations
means the Obligations as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. 

Subordinated Term
Loans means the Term Loans as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. 

2. Acknowledgments and
Agreements. Each Loan Party hereby represents, warrants, acknowledges and agrees as follows: 

(a) Recitals. The
Recitals to this Agreement are true and correct. 

(b) Outstanding Loans. 

(i) As of March 31, 2025, (A) the outstanding aggregate principal amount of all Senior Term Loans was $437,377,165.89
(which amount, for the avoidance of doubt, is the sum of (x) Senior Term Loans with a principal balance of $361,630,895.02 as of such date plus (y) a Specified PIK Amount (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement prior to giving
effect to this Agreement) equal to $75,746,270.87 for unpaid interest accrued 

-2- 

through December 31, 2024 and capitalized on January 2, 2025 pursuant to Section 2.3(a)(I)-(V) of the Senior Credit Agreement, and (B) accrued and unpaid interest on the
Senior Term Loans (for the period commencing January 1, 2025 and ending March 30, 2025) was $13,663,820.04, which accrued interest has not been paid in cash or capitalized as part of any Specified PIK Interest as of the date hereof). 

(ii) As of March 31, 2025, (A) the outstanding aggregate principal amount of all Subordinated Term Loans was
$56,307,321.94 (which amount, for the avoidance of doubt, is the sum of (x) Subordinated Term Loans with a principal balance of $42,500,000.00 as of such date plus (y) a Specified PIK Amount (as defined in the Subordinated Credit
Agreement prior to giving effect to this Agreement) equal to $13,807,321.94 for unpaid interest accrued through December 31, 2024 and capitalized on January 2, 2025 pursuant to Section 2.3(a)(I)-(V) of the Subordinated Credit
Agreement, and (B) accrued and unpaid interest on the Subordinated Term Loans (for the period commencing January 1, 2025 and ending March 30, 2025) was $1,740,052.66., which accrued interest has not been paid in cash or capitalized as
part of any Specified PIK Interest as of the date hereof). 

(c) No Restriction, Setoff, Etc. The Senior Obligations
and the Subordinated Obligations are not subject to any restriction, setoff, deduction, claim, counterclaim or defense of any Loan Party of any kind or character whatsoever. 

(d) Loan Documents. Each Senior Loan Document and each Subordinated Loan Document to which a Loan Party is a party is
the valid and binding agreement of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Laws affecting creditors
rights generally and by general principles of equity, and as to each of which there are no restrictions, setoffs, deductions, claims, counterclaims or defenses of any Loan Party of any kind or character whatsoever. 

(e) Collateral. 

(i) The Senior Lender has a valid, enforceable and (subject only to Permitted Liens (as defined in the Senior Credit
Agreement)) first-priority perfected security interest in and Lien on the assets and property of each Loan Party, as to which there are no restrictions, setoffs, deductions, claims, counterclaims or defenses of the Loan Parties of any kind or
character whatsoever, which security interest and Lien secures the Senior Obligations. 

(ii) The Subordinated Lender has a
valid, enforceable and (subject only to Permitted Liens (as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement, including the Senior Lenders Liens securing the Senior Obligations) first-priority perfected security interest in and Lien on the assets
and property of each Loan Party, as to which there are no restrictions, setoffs, deductions, claims, counterclaims or defenses of the Loan Parties of any kind or character whatsoever, which security interest and Lien secures the Subordinated
Obligations. 

(f) No Course of Dealing. There exists no course of dealing among the Senior Lender, the Subordinated
Lender and the Loan Parties, and neither this Agreement, nor the funding of any Senior Term Loan in the Senior Lenders sole discretion (whether before, on or after the date hereof), nor the funding of any Subordinated Term Loan by the
Subordinated Lender (whether before, on or after the date hereof), constitutes a course of dealing. 

-3- 

(g) Conduct. Each of the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender
has fully and timely performed all of its obligations and duties in compliance with the Senior Loan Documents and the Subordinated Loan Documents, respectively, and Applicable Law, and each has acted reasonably, in good faith and appropriately under
the circumstances. 

(h) Farm Projects. 

(i) The Borrowers hereby certify that (A) the Completion Deadline for the Pasco (Washington) Farm is August 29, 2025
(provided that, if a Responsible Officer of the Company (and, at the Senior Lenders request, the Project Consultant) shall have delivered to the Senior Lender a certificate (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Senior
Lender) certifying that, as of August 29, 2025, (1) the only services remaining to be furnished at the Pasco (Washington) Farm are to be furnished by Vendor A (as defined in Schedule 1 below) and/or Vendor B (as defined in Schedule
1 below), and (2) the aggregate cost of such services (together with the cost of remaining services (if any) at the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm) does not exceed the Escrowed Amount (as defined in
Section 2(j) below), then such Completion Deadline shall be deemed to be extended to December 31, 2025) and (B) the remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs (excluding the Escrowed Amount) to be incurred or paid on and after the
date hereof in order to achieve Completion of the Pasco (Washington) Farm prior to the foregoing Completion Deadline is $420,000. The Borrowers hereby represent that the remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs to be incurred on and after the
date hereof in order to achieve Completion of the Pasco (Washington) Farm prior to the foregoing Completion Deadline does not exceed such foregoing amount. 

(ii) The Borrowers hereby certify that (A) the Completion Deadline for the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm is August 29,
2025 (provided that, if a Responsible Officer of the Company (and, at the Senior Lenders request, the Project Consultant) shall have delivered to the Senior Lender a certificate (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Senior
Lender) certifying that, as of August 29, 2025, (1) the only services remaining to be furnished at the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm are to be furnished by Vendor A and/or Vendor B, and (2) the aggregate cost of such services (together with
the cost of remaining services (if any) at the Pasco (Washington) Farm and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm) does not exceed the Escrowed Amount, then such Completion Deadline shall be deemed to be extended to December 31, 2025) and (B) the
remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs (excluding the Escrowed Amount) to be incurred or paid on and after the date hereof in order to achieve Completion of the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm prior to the foregoing Completion Deadline is
$225,000. The Borrowers hereby represent that the remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs to be incurred on and after the date hereof in order to achieve Completion of the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm prior to the foregoing Completion Deadline
does not exceed such foregoing amount. 

(iii) The Borrowers hereby certify that (A) the Completion Deadline for the
Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm is August 29, 2025 (provided that, if a Responsible Officer of the Company (and, at the Senior Lenders request, the Project Consultant) shall have delivered to the Senior Lender a certificate (in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Senior Lender) certifying that, as of August 29, 2025, (1) the only services remaining to be furnished at the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm are to be furnished by Vendor A and/or

-4- 

Vendor B, and (2) the aggregate cost of such services (together with the cost of remaining services (if any) at the Pasco (Washington) Farm and the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm) does not
exceed the Escrowed Amount, then such Completion Deadline shall be deemed to be extended to December 31, 2025) and (B) the remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs (excluding the Escrowed Amount) to be incurred or paid on and after the
date hereof in order to achieve Completion of the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm prior to the foregoing Completion Deadline is $310,000. The Borrowers hereby represent that the remaining aggregate amount of Project Costs to be incurred on and after the
date hereof in order to achieve Completion of the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm prior to the foregoing Completion Deadline does not exceed such foregoing amount. 

(i) Phase 2 at Farms. As of the date hereof, neither the Senior Lender nor the Subordinated Lender has agreed to or
approved a phase 2 or other expansion of any Farm or Farm Project. 

(j) Escrowed Amounts. As of the date
hereof, (i) the Borrowers have deposited $2,455,046.13 in escrow with the Disbursing Agent in connection with services to be furnished by, and future payments to, Vendor A (such amount deposited in escrow, the Vendor A Escrowed
Amount), and (ii) the Borrowers have deposited $1,451,097.52 in escrow with the Disbursing Agent in connection with services to be furnished by, and future payments to, Vendor B (such amount deposited in escrow, the Vendor B
Escrowed Amount and, together with the Vendor A Escrowed Amount, the Escrowed Amount). 

3. Cancellation
and Reduction of Certain Indebtedness. 

(a) Cancellation of Subordinated Indebtedness. The Subordinated Lender
and the Loan Parties hereby agree that, upon the satisfaction of all terms and conditions set forth in Section 8 below, (i) all outstanding principal and interest with respect to the Subordinated Term Loans and all other Subordinated
Obligations under the Subordinated Credit Agreement and the other Subordinated Loan Documents (other than any Continuing Obligations) shall automatically and immediately be deemed paid in full (such deemed payment and satisfaction in full, the
Subordinated Debt Cancellation), (ii) the Subordinated Loan Documents shall automatically and immediately terminate and shall be of no further force or effect (other than those provisions therein that survive termination pursuant
to the express terms of the Subordinated Loan Documents), (iii) all security interests in and other Liens on the assets of the Loan Parties created in favor of the Subordinated Lender to secure the Subordinated Obligation shall be deemed
automatically released, and (iv) the Subordinated Lender shall execute and deliver to the Borrowers the UCC-3 termination statements, intellectual property releases and mortgage releases attached as
Annex D hereto. The Subordinated Lender agrees to promptly take such action and execute and deliver to the Borrowers such additional releases, terminations or notices as the Borrowers may reasonably request from time to time to effectuate the
purposes of this Agreement or evidence the releases and terminations referenced in the preceding subclause (iii), in each case, if requested after the date hereof, at the Borrowers sole cost and expense (and with the Borrowers to reimburse the
Subordinated Lender for any such action promptly after demand therefor). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that the Subordinated Debt Cancellation in this
Section 3(a) is limited to the obligations and liabilities of the Loan Parties under the Subordinated Loan Documents only, and the Loan Parties shall remain obligated to the Senior Lender for payment and performance in full of the Senior
Obligations under the Senior Loan Documents (as amended by this Agreement). 

-5- 

(b) Reduction of Senior Indebtedness. The Senior Lender and the Loan
Parties hereby agree that, upon the satisfaction of all terms and conditions set forth in Section 8 below, Senior Obligations in an aggregate amount of $139,040,985.93 (which amount, for the avoidance of doubt, is the sum of
(x) outstanding principal with respect to the Senior Term Loans in an amount equal to $49,630,895.02, (y) the Specified PIK Amount (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement prior to giving effect to this Agreement) in an amount equal to
$75,746,270.87 for unpaid interest accrued through December 31, 2024 and capitalized on January 2, 2025 pursuant to Section 2.3(a)(I)-(V) of the Senior Credit Agreement (as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to this
Agreement), and (z) all unpaid interest on the Senior Term Loans accrued prior to the date hereof in an aggregate amount equal to $13,663,820.04) shall automatically and immediately be deemed cancelled and discharged (such deemed cancellation
and discharge, the Senior Debt Reduction). For the avoidance of doubt, immediately after giving effect to such Senior Debt Reduction, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of all Senior Term Loans as of the date hereof shall
be $312,000,000.00. 

4. Amendments to Senior Credit Agreement. 

(a) The Senior Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete all stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the
following example: stricken text) and to add all underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as
the following example: underlined text) as set forth in the
redline of the Senior Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex A-1. Annex A-2 attached hereto sets forth a clean copy of the Senior Credit Agreement after
giving effect to this Agreement. 

(b) Exhibits C, E and G to the Senior Credit Agreement are hereby amended and
restated in the forms of Annex B-1, B-2 and B-3 attached hereto, respectively. 

5. Amendment to Senior Security Agreement. Exhibit C to the Senior Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety in
the form of Annex C attached hereto. Furthermore, each Loan Party hereby reaffirms its grant of a security interest under the Senior Security Agreement, and for the avoidance of doubt, hereby grants a security interest to the Senior Lender to
secure the Senior Obligations in such Loan Partys right, title and interest in and to the commercial tort claims described in Annex C. 

6. Waiver of Specified Defaults. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that the Specified Defaults have occurred and are continuing
as of the date hereof. At the request of the Loan Parties, the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender hereby waive the Specified Defaults upon the satisfaction of all terms and conditions set forth in Section 8 below. The foregoing waiver
shall be effective only in this specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it is given, and this waiver shall not entitle any Loan Party to any other or further waiver in the same, similar or other circumstances. 

7. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender as follows:

(a) Such Loan Party is a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, duly formed, validly existing and in
good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization. Each Loan Party (i) has all requisite power and authority, all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals and all requisite
organizational, including any needed shareholder, authorizations, consents and approvals to (A) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (B) execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its obligations under this Agreement,
the Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby, the other 

-6- 

Senior Loan Documents and each agreement, instrument or document entered into pursuant to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Transaction Documents), and (ii) is duly
qualified and is licensed and, if applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, except, in the case of
clause (ii), in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The execution and delivery by such Loan Party of this Agreement and each other agreement, instrument and document entered
into in connection herewith, and the performance by such Loan Party of the Transaction Documents, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of its
Organizational Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under, (A) any Contractual Obligation (including, without limitation, any
Material Agreement or any Contractual Obligation relating to borrowed money) to which such Loan Party is a party or affecting any such Loan Party or the properties of such Loan Party or (B) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any
Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject, or (iii) violate any Law. 

(c) This Agreement and each other agreement, instrument and document entered into in connection herewith has been duly executed
and delivered by such Loan Party. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 

(d) Except to the extent relating to the Specified Defaults, all of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan
Documents, including without limitation in Article III of each Credit Agreement, are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of
the date hereof. 

(e) No Default or Event of Default (other than the Specified Defaults) has occurred and is continuing as
of the date hereof, and no Default or Event of Default would result from, (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document entered into in connection herewith or (ii) the consummation of the
transactions contemplated under this Agreement, the Senior Credit Agreements as amended hereby or the other Transaction Documents. 

8.
Effectiveness. Sections 3 through (and including) 6 of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof only if the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender has each received, on or before the date of this Agreement, each of the
following, each in form and substance acceptable to the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender in their sole discretion: 

(a) a copy of this Agreement, duly executed by the Loan Parties, the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender; 

-7- 

(b) a Term Loan Note, amending and restating (without novating) the Term
Loan Note under the Senior Credit Agreement in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement, duly executed by the Borrowers; 

(c) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, attaching (i) the Organizational Documents of such Loan
Party, (ii) resolutions or other action of the Governing Board of such Loan Party approving the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which such Loan Party is a party and the performance of this
Agreement, the Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby, the other Transaction Documents and each other agreement, instrument or document entered into in connection with any of the foregoing, and (iii) an incumbency certificate evidencing the
identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer of such Loan Party authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party; provided, that
(A) in the case of the foregoing clause (i), in lieu of attaching Organizational Documents, such Loan Party may certify that the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party which were certified to the Senior Lender pursuant to the most recent
certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered by such Loan Party to the Senior Lender (such certificate, the Prior Certificate) continue in full force and effect and have not been amended or otherwise modified except as set forth
in the certificate to be delivered as of the date hereof, and (B) in the case of the foregoing clause (iii), in lieu of attaching an incumbency certificate, such Loan Party may certify that the officers and other Persons who were certified to
the Senior Lender pursuant to the Prior Certificate as being authorized to sign and to act on behalf of such Loan Party continue to be so authorized and continue to hold the offices set forth in the Prior Certificate; 

(d) a certificate of status, compliance or like certificate for each Loan Party from the appropriate Governmental Authority of
the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation of such Person, each dated not more than thirty (30) days prior to the date hereof; 

(e) an appropriately completed Perfection Certificate with respect to the Loan Parties, dated as of the date hereof and duly
executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company (in its capacity as the Administrative Borrower); 

(f) an annual business
plan and budget for the Consolidated Group for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2025, approved by the board of directors of Holdings, including the projected balance sheets, income statements, capital expenditures budget and cash flow
statements for the Consolidated Group, on a consolidated basis, for each month of such Fiscal Year, together with the Total Budgeted EBITDA (as defined in the Amended Senior Credit Agreement) of the Consolidated Group and the Individual Budgeted
EBITDA (as defined in the Amended Senior Credit Agreement) of each Farm and Farm Project for such Fiscal Year; 

(g) with
respect to the PIPE Issuance (as defined in the Amended Senior Credit Agreement): 

(i) a true, correct and complete copy of
each of the PIPE Purchase Agreement and the other PIPE Transaction Documents (as defined in the Amended Senior Credit Agreement), in each case duly executed by the parties thereto, and evidence of the filing of the Series A Certificate of Desigation
(as defined in the Amended Senior Credit Agreement); and 

-8- 

(ii) evidence that Holdings has received (or, substantially concurrently
with the effectiveness of this Agreement, will receive) cash proceeds from each Investor (as defined in the PIPE Purchase Agreement) in an amount equal to such Investors Subscription Amount (as defined in the PIPE Purchase Agreement) in
accordance with the terms of the PIPE Purchase Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 3.2 of the PIPE Purchase Agreement); 

(h) true, correct and complete copies of amendments to (or amendments and restatements of) each of the 2023 Warrant and the
Closing Date Warrant Agreement (which amendment (or amendment and restatement), in the case of the 2023 Warrant, among things, (i) reduces the Exercise Price (as defined therein) from $6.50 to $4.00 and (ii) extends the Termination Date
(as defined therein) to March 31, 2033), duly executed by the parties thereto; 

(i) a true, correct and complete
copies of the Support Agreements (as defined in the Amended Senior Credit Agreement), duly executed by each of the parties thereto; 

(j) opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties, in form and substance satisfactory to the Senior Lender and the Subordinated
Lender; 

(k) updated sworn construction cost statements of the Borrowers with respect to (i) the Pasco (Washington)
Farm and the Mt. Pleasant (Texas) Farm, dated as of February 28, 2025, and (ii) the Warner Robins (Georgia) Farm, dated as of Feburary 26, 2025, in each case duly executed by the Company (in its capacity as the Administrative Borrower);

(l) to the extent not previously delivered to the Senior Lender and the Disbursing Agent (or to the extent that other
documentation satisfactory to the Senior Lender and the Disbursing Agent have been delivered to the Senior Lender and the Disbursing Agent), duly executed unconditional Lien waivers from each Person paid for services or material furnished to a Farm
Project on or prior to the date hereof and who may have or may be entitled to have a Lien on such Farm Project pursuant to Applicable Law or agreement; 

(m) to the extent not previously delivered to the Senior Lender and the Disbursing Agent (or to the extent that an escrow
arrangement or other documentation satisfactory to the Senior Lender and the Disbursing Agent have been delivered to the Senior Lender and the Disbursing Agent), a duly executed release, in recordable form, with respect to each mechanics lien
affidavit, mechanics lien notice or similar affidavit or notice recorded with respect to a Specified Farm in the applicable real estate records; 

(n) to the extent any invoice amount for Project Costs is disputed by the Borrowers, evidence that cash in an amount equal to
150% (or such other percentage acceptable to the Disbursing Agent and the Senior Lender in their sole discretion) of such disputed invoice amount has been funded in escrow with the Disbursing Agent (or such other Person acceptable to the Disbursing
Agent and the Senior Lender in their sole discretion); 

(o) evidence that adequate liability, property, business
interruption and builders risk insurance required to be maintained under the Senior Credit Agreement is in full force and effect, in each case together with certificates naming the Senior Lender as additional insured, mortgagee and
lenders loss payee, as applicable, with respect to the Collateral; and 

(p) such other items as the Senior Lender or
the Subordinated Lender may require.

9. References. All references in the
Senior Credit Agreement to this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to such Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby and any and all references in any other Senior Loan Documents to the Senior Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to
the Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 

-9- 

10. No Other Changes. Except as expressly set forth herein, all terms of the Senior
Credit Agreement and each of the other Senior Loan Documents remain in full force and effect. 

11. No Waiver. Except to the extent
expressly set forth in Section 6 above, neither the execution of this Agreement or of any other agreement, instrument or document contemplated hereunder, nor any oral or written communication between the Senior Lender, the Subordinated Lender
and any Loan Party, nor the making of any financial accommodation, nor any acceptance of any payment of the Senior Obligations or the Subordinated Obligations, nor any forbearance, amendment or consent or any other action or omission on the part of
the Senior Lender or the Subordinated Lender, shall be deemed to be a waiver, modification or release of any Default or Event of Default or any other breach, default or event of default under any Loan Document or other document held by the Senior
Lender or the Subordinated Lender, whether known or unknown, now existing or hereafter arising, or of any rights or remedies of the Senior Lender or the Subordinated Lender under the Loan Documents or Applicable Law, as to which all rights and
remedies of the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender are and shall continue at all times to be expressly reserved by the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender. 

12. Release of Lenders. By its signature below, each Loan Party, for itself and on behalf of its respective present and former
shareholders, members, directors and officers thereof and such Loan Partys successors (including, without limitation, any trustees or receivers acting on behalf of such Loan Party and any debtor-in-possession with respect to such Loan Party), assigns, subsidiaries, Affiliates and Related Parties (collectively, the Releasors), hereby absolutely and unconditionally releases
and forever discharges each of the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender, and any and all of the Senior Lenders and the Subordinated Lenders respective participants, parent companies, subsidiaries, Affiliates, insurers, indemnitors,
successors and assigns, together with all of the present and former directors, officers, agents, employees and other Related Parties of any of the foregoing (collectively, the Released Parties), from any and all claims, demands or
causes of action of any kind, nature or description, whether arising in Law or equity or upon contract or tort or under any state or federal Law or otherwise, which any Releasor has had, now has or has made claim to have against any Released Party
for or by reason of any act, omission, matter, cause or thing whatsoever occurring or arising prior to the date of this Agreement, whether such claims, demands and causes of action are matured or unmatured, known or unknown, liquidated or
unliquidated, matured or unmatured, or fixed or contingent (such claims, demands and causes of action, collectively, the Released Claims). For the avoidance of doubt, each Releasor agrees that the foregoing release is a full and
complete waiver of all claims arising on or before the date of this Agreement. Each Releasor agrees not to sue any Released Party or in any way assist any other person or entity in suing a Released Party with respect to any Released Claim. 

13. 1542 Statement. Each Loan Party acknowledges that it has been informed of its rights under and the provisions of Section 1542
of the Civil Code of the State of California and expressly waives and relinquishes all rights and benefits that it has or may have had under such statute, which reads as follows: 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF
EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. 

-10- 

14. Acknowledgment and Agreement of Guarantors. By its signature below, each
Guarantor (i) consents to the terms and execution of this Agreement; (ii) acknowledges that all indebtedness under the Amended Senior Credit Agreement (including all indebtedness outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement after giving
effect to the Senior Debt Reduction), constitutes indebtedness guarantied under each Senior Guaranty and secured by the Collateral Documents (as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement); (iii) reaffirms all of its obligations to the Senior Lender
pursuant to the terms of its Senior Guaranty, the Senior Security Agreement and the other Senior Loan Documents to which it is a party; and (iv) acknowledges that the Senior Lender may amend, restate, extend, renew or otherwise modify the
Senior Credit Agreement and any indebtedness or agreement of the Borrowers thereunder, or enter into any agreement or extend additional or other credit accommodations in connection therewith, without notifying or obtaining the consent of such
Guarantor and without impairing the liability of such Guarantor under any Senior Guaranty, the Senior Security Agreement or any other Senior Loan Document to which it is a party. 

15. Costs and Expenses. Notwithstanding Section 8.3(a) of each Credit Agreement, each party hereto hereby agrees to pay its own out-of-pocket expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel) incurred prior to the date hereof solely in connection with the preparation,
negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the other documents, agreements and certificates contemplated hereunder and thereunder. 

16. Interpretation, Tax Liabilities and Advise of Counsel. Each Loan Party acknowledges that it: (i) has been represented, or had
the opportunity to be represented, by its own legal counsel, accountants and advisors in connection with this Agreement, the Subordinated Credit Agreement and the other Subordinated Loan Documents, the Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby and
the other Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, with respect to the releases set forth herein; (ii) has exercised independent judgment with respect to this Agreement, the Subordinated Credit Agreement and the other Subordinated
Loan Documents, the Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby and the other Transaction Documents; and (iii) has not relied on the Senior Lender, the Subordinated Lender or their respecitve directors, officers, employees, agents or counsel for
any advice with respect to this Agreement, the Subordinated Credit Agreement and the other Subordinated Loan Documents, the Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby and the other Transaction Documents. No rule of contract construction or
interpretation shall be employed to construe this Agreement, the Subordinated Credit Agreement, any other Subordinated Loan Document, the Senior Credit Agreement as amended hereby or any other Transaction Document more strictly against one party or
the other. Furthermore, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that each of the Subordinated Lender and the Senior Lender may be required and may record and report any forgiven indebtedness to all applicable private, public, quasi-governmental and
governmental entities or agencies in accordance with all Applicable Laws, including filing a Form 1099 with the United States Internal Revenue Service. Each Loan Party acknowledges that there may be tax consequences to it arising out of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that it is obligated to pay all taxes of any kind due as the result of the Debt Cancellation and Reduction, and the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties shall indemnify the Senior Lender and the
Subordinated Lender and save the Senior Lender and the Subordinated Lender harmless for payment or responsibility for any taxes, fees, penalties or interest. 

17. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal law of the State of New York
(without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, which shall apply to
this Agreement and all documentation hereunder). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall constitute a Senior Loan Document and a Subordinated Loan Document. This Agreement, together with the Senior Credit Agreement as
amended hereby and the other Loan Documents and Transaction Documents, comprises the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. Section headings in 

-11- 

this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to
this Agreement by facsimile or by e-mail transmission of a PDF or similar copy shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed
counterpart signature page by facsimile or by e-mail transmission shall also deliver an original executed counterpart, but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity,
enforceability or binding effect of this Agreement. 

Signature pages follow. 

-12- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.

LOCAL BOUNTI OPERATING COMPANY LLC, as Borrower

By: 

Name: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: Chief Financial Officer

BOUNTI BITTERROOT LLC, as Borrower

By: 

Name 

: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

GROW BOUNTI NORTHWEST, LLC, as Borrower

By: 

Name: 

Kathleen Valiasek

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT PROPERTY COMPANY, LLC, as Borrower

By: 

Name: 

Kathleen Valiasek

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to
Restructuring Agreement and 

Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreements 

531 FOLEY LANE HAMILTON, LLC, as Borrower

By: 

Name: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: President

LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION, as Holdings and a Guarantor

By: 

Name: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to
Restructuring Agreement and 

Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreements 

HOLLANDIA PRODUCE GROUP, INC.

HOLLANDIA PRODUCE GA, LLC

ADVANCED SUSTAIN ABILITY, LLC

HOLLANDIA REAL ESTATE, LLC

GREEN GROWTH CONSULTING, LLC

HOLLANDIA FLOWERS, LLC

HOLLANDIA PRODUCE, LLC, as Guarantors

By: 

Name: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: President

LOCAL BOUNTI TEXAS LLC

LB OHIO, LLC, as Guarantors

By: 

Name: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to
Restructuring Agreement and 

Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreements 

CARGILL FINANCIAL SERVICES INTERNATIONAL, INC., as Senior Lender

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CARGILL FINANCIAL SERVICES INTERNATIONAL, INC., as Subordinated
Lender

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to
Restructuring Agreement and 

Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreements 

SCHEDULE 1 

SPECIFIED DEFAULTS 

Schedule 1 1 

ANNEX A-1

AMENDED SENIOR CREDIT AGREEMENT 

See attached. 

Annex A-1 1 

ANNEX A-2

CLEAN AMENDED SENIOR CREDIT AGREEMENT 

See attached. 

Annex A-2 1 

ANNEX B-1

EXHIBIT C 

to 

Senior Credit Agreement 

See
attached. 

Annex B-1 1 

ANNEX B-2

EXHIBIT E 

to 

Senior Credit Agreement 

See
attached. 

Annex B-2 1 

ANNEX B-3

EXHIBIT G 

to 

Senior Credit Agreement 

[RESERVED] 

Annex B-3 1 

ANNEX C 

Exhibit C 

to 

Senior Security Agreement 

Commercial Tort Claims 

Commercial
tort claims of Holdings and the other Loan Parties against Fairchild US LLC and Fairchild Opportunity Fund LLC on the basis of breach of contract and fraud, and all other commercial tort claims arising from the facts alleged in the action entitled
Local Bounti Corporation v. Fairchild US LLC and Fairchild Opportunity Fund LLC, Case No. 2024-1223-NAC, in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. 

Annex C 1 

ANNEX D 

Forms of 

Terminations and Releases of Subordinated Liens 

See attached. 

Annex E 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d854627dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAVE BEEN
ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO
THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION 

Warrant Shares: [] 

Issue Date: March 28, 2025

Initial Exercise Date: March 28, 2025

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant), is dated as of
March 28, 2025, by and between Local Bounti Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Cargill Financial Services International, Inc. (the Holder). 

WHEREAS, the Company previously issued to the Holder that certain [Warrant], dated [] (the Original Warrant),
pursuant to which the Holder is entitled to purchase from the Company up to [] shares of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below); 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holder desire to amend and restate the terms of the Original Warrant; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrant, when executed on behalf of the Company and
countersigned by the Holder, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Warrant. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Warrant, and in consideration of other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT certifies that, for value received,the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and
subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after March 28, 2025 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 28, 2033 (the
Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from the Company, up to the number of Warrant Shares set forth above (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock.
The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section 1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have
the meanings indicated in this Section 1: 

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies:
(a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of a share of Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as
reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average per share price of the Common Stock for such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the reasonable fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the
Company. 

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks
in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of
securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common Stock
Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other
instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or
unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Registration Statement means an effective registration statement on Form
S-1 or Form S-3 filed with Commission, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, as
amended from time to time, which registers the resale of the Warrant Shares, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Subsidiaries means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company. 

Trading Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market. 

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted
for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the
Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 

VWAP means, for any date, the price
determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price per share of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market,
the volume weighted average price per share of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for
the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases,
the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the reasonable fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

Warrants means this Warrant and other Common Stock
purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant in the event this Warrant is subdivided. 

Section 2.
Exercise. 

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Annex A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two Trading Days and (ii) the number of
Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank, in either case in immediately available funds, unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise.No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. The
Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing such Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the
Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company
shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given
time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of
Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $4.00, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price). 

c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the
prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, or if otherwise elected by the Holder at any time, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a
cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = 

as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of
Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior
to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the Exchange Act) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the
applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two hours thereafter (including until two hours after the close of regular trading
hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

(B) = 

the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = 

the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms
of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being
exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). 

d) Mechanics of
Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system
(DWAC) if the Companys transfer agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by
the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant
Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
Exercise, (ii) one Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such
date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that the Company shall have received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) within the earlier of (i) two
Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of
Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are
delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of the delivery of the Notice of Exercise. 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at
the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares remaining available under
this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer
Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise; provided, however, that the Holder shall be required to return any
Warrant Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price paid to the Company for such Warrant Shares and the restoration of Holders right to acquire such Warrant Shares
pursuant to this Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right). 

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit
to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an
open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise
(a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including reasonable and customary
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the
exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery
obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an
aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice
indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the
Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip
representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash
adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or
transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as
may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the assignment
form attached hereto as Annex B (the Assignment Form) duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder
books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

e)
Beneficial Ownership Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after
giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the
number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or
conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained
herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith and the calculations required under this Section 2(e). To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e)
applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole
discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and
Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a
determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be,
(B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a
Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99% or 19.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 19.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The
provisions of this Section 2(e) shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this Section 2(e) (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or
inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this Section 2(e) shall apply to a
successor holder of this Warrant. This provision shall not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which the holder of this Warrant may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other consideration that such
Holder may receive in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This restriction may not be waived without stockholder approval. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock
dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common
Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any
adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time while this Warrant is outstanding the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the
record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant,
issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the
Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in
abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation); provided, that such Purchase Right shall terminate on, and shall not be held in abeyance for any
period subsequent to the Termination Date. 

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is
outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any
distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time
after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such
Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to
participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation); provided, that such Purchase Right shall terminate on, and shall not be held in abeyance for any period subsequent to the Termination Date. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is
outstanding, (i) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other than for the purpose
of changing the Companys name and/or the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or a holding company for the Company), (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other
disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to
which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the
common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group
acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder
shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in
Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any
limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate
Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any
different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the
Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction (other than (x) any stock split or reverse stock
split, (y) any transaction effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company, or (z) any holding company reorganization or parent-subsidiary merger not requiring stockholder approval pursuant to
Sections 251(g) or 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (or any successor provisions thereof), and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fundamental Transaction is approved by the Companys Board of Directors and within the control of the
Company), the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the
public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant
on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be
entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion
of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders
of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such
Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the
Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day
immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the highest VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction (or the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, if earlier) and ending on the Trading Day of the Holders request pursuant to this Section 3(d)
and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of
immediately available funds within five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The Company shall require any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the
Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d)
pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in
exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory
in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made by the Company to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

f) Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
requiring such adjustment. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company
shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the
granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any
reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case,
the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email or other address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent
that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

Section 4. Transfer of
Warrant. 

a) Restricted Securities. The Holder understands that neither this Warrant nor the Warrant Shares have
not been registered under the Securities Act, by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act. The Holder understands that the Warrant and the Warrant Shares are restricted securities under
applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, the Holder must hold theWarrant nor the Warrant Shares indefinitely unless they are registered with the Commission and qualified by state authorities, or an
exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available. The Holder understands that this Warrant and the Warrant Shares and any securities issued in respect of or exchange for such securities, may bear one or all of the
following legends (in substantially the form set forth below): 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH
TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 

and, any legend required by the securities laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to the Securities represented by the
certificate so legended. 

b) Transferability. Subject to the restrictions of Section 4(a), this Warrant and all
rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of
this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has
assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers a duly executed Assignment Form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full.
The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

c) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid
office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer
which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers
or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

d) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that
purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or
any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 5. Registration
Rights. 

a) Registration. The Company shall: 

i) file a Registration Statement with the Commission no later than 30 days after the Initial Exercise Date registering for
resale under the Securities Act of the maximum number shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Shares) on Form S-1 or Form S-3 under the Securities Act (providing for shelf registration of such Registrable Shares under Commission Rule 415 to the extent possible) (each such registration statement, including any preliminary prospectus,
final prospectus, exhibit or amendment included in or relating to such registration statement being the Resale Registration Statement); 

ii) use reasonable best efforts to cause such Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective as soon as practicable and
in any event within 60 days of the filing thereof (assuming a no review by the Commission; or 90 days if the Resale Registration Statement is reviewed by the Commission); 

iii) not less than two calendar days prior to the filing of each such Resale Registration Statement or any related prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish via email to the Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed (other than any document that is incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein); 

iv) promptly prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and supplements to each such Resale Registration Statement
and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such Resale Registration Statement continuously effective and free from any material misstatement or omission to state a material fact therein until termination of such
obligation as provided below, subject to the Companys right to suspend as set forth below; 

v) furnish to the Holder
such number of copies of prospectuses in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and such other documents as the Holder may reasonably request, in order to facilitate the public sale or other disposition of all or any of the
Registrable Shares by the Holder; 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

vi) file such documents as may be required of the Company for normal
securities law clearance for the resale of the Registrable Shares in such states of the United States as may be reasonably requested by the Holder and use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain such blue sky qualifications during the period
the Company is required to maintain effectiveness of each such Resale Registration Statement; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection with this Section to qualify as a foreign corporation or execute a general consent
to service of process in any jurisdiction in which it is not now so qualified or has not so consented; 

vii) upon
notification by the Commission that a Resale Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is not subject to further review by the Commission, the Company shall within two trading days following the date of such notification request acceleration of
such Resale Registration Statement(with the requested effectiveness date to be not more than two Trading Days later); 

viii) upon notification by the Commission that a Resale Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission,
the Company shall file the final prospectus under Rule 424 of the Securities Act (Rule 424) within the applicable time period prescribed by Rule 424 if required; 

ix) advise the Holder promptly (and in any event within two trading days thereof): 

A) of the effectiveness of a Resale Registration Statement or any post-effective amendments thereto; 

B) of any request by the Commission for amendments to a Resale Registration Statement or amendments to the prospectus or for
additional information relating thereto; 

C) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of a Resale Registration Statement under the Securities Act or of the suspension by any state securities commission of the qualification of the Registrable Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation of any
proceeding for any of the preceding purposes; and 

D) of the existence of any fact and the happening of any event that
makes any statement of a material fact made in a Resale Registration Statement, the prospectus and amendment or supplement thereto, or any document incorporated by reference therein, untrue, or that requires the making of any additions to or changes
in a Resale Registration Statement or the prospectus in order to make the statements therein not misleading; 

x) cause all
Registrable Shares to be listed on each Trading Market, if any, on which equity securities by the Company are then listed; 

xi) bear all expenses in connection with the procedures in this Section 5 and the registration of the Registrable Shares
on each such Resale Registration Statement and the satisfaction of the blue sky laws of such states; and 

xii) to the
extent this Warrant becomes exercisable for additional shares of Common Stock that are not covered by the Resale Registration Statement, the Company shall file an additional Registration Statement with the Commission no later than 15 days after the
date of such occurrence registering for resale under the Securities Act all of the additional Shares and/or the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants issuable as of such date (collectively, the Additional
Registrable Shares) on Form S-1 or Form S-3 under the Securities Act (providing for shelf registration of such Registrable Shares under Securities Act Rule 415
to the extent possible) and all of the provisions of the Section 5 shall apply mutatis muntandis to such Additional Registrable Shares. 

b) Registration Rights Indemnification. 

i) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Holder and its respective affiliates, partners, members, officers,
directors, agents and representatives, and each person, if any, who controls the Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, a Purchaser Party and collectively
the Purchaser Parties), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (collectively, Losses) to which they may become subject (under the
Securities Act or otherwise) insofar as such Losses (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Resale Registration Statement or

Local Bounti | Warrant 

any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading or arise out of any failure by the Company to fulfill any undertaking included in a Resale Registration Statement and the Company will, as incurred, reimburse the Purchaser Parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, defending or preparing to defend any such action, proceeding or claim; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that such Loss arises out of, or is based upon an untrue
statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in a Resale Registration Statement in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Holder specifically for use in
preparation of a Resale Registration Statement; provided further, however, that the Company shall not be liable to any Purchaser Party (or any partner, member, officer, director or controlling person of the Holder) to the extent that any such Loss
is caused by an untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in any preliminary prospectus if either (i) (A) the Holder failed to send or deliver a copy of the final prospectus with or prior to, or the Holder failed
to confirm that a final prospectus was deemed to be delivered prior to (in accordance with Rule 172 of the Securities Act), the delivery of written confirmation of the sale by the Holder to the person asserting the claim from which such Loss
resulted and (B) the final prospectus corrected such untrue statement or omission, or (ii) (X) such untrue statement or omission is corrected in an amendment or supplement to the prospectus and (Y) having previously been furnished by
or on behalf of the Company with copies of the prospectus as so amended or supplemented or notified by the Company that such amended or supplemented prospectus has been filed with the SEC, in accordance with Rule 172 of the Securities Act, the
Holder thereafter fails to deliver such prospectus as so amended or supplemented, with or prior to or the Holder fails to confirm that the prospectus as so amended or supplemented was deemed to be delivered prior to (in accordance with Rule 172 of
the Securities Act), the delivery of written confirmation of the sale by the Holder to the person asserting the claim from which such Loss resulted. 

ii) The Holder (severally and not jointly) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its officers, directors,
affiliates, agents and representatives and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each a Company Party and collectively the
Company Parties), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any Losses to which the Company Parties may become subject (under the Securities Act or otherwise), insofar as such Losses (or actions or
proceedings in respect thereof) arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Resale Registration Statement (or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in each case, on the effective date thereof), if, and only to the extent, such untrue statement or
omission or alleged untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by or on behalf of the Holder specifically for use in preparation of a Resale Registration Statement, and the Holder
will, as incurred, reimburse each Company Party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, defending or preparing to defend any such action, proceeding or claim; provided, however, that in no event shall any indemnity
under this Section 5(b) be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by the Holder upon its sale of the Registrable Shares included in the Resale Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

iii) Promptly after receipt by any indemnified person of a notice of a claim or the beginning of any action in respect of
which indemnity is to be sought against an indemnifying person pursuant to this Section 5(b), such indemnified person shall notify the indemnifying person in writing of such claim or of the commencement of such action, and, subject to the
provisions hereinafter stated, in case any such action shall be brought against an indemnified person and such indemnifying person shall have been notified thereof, such indemnifying person shall be entitled to participate therein, and, to the
extent that it shall wish, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified person. After notice from the indemnifying person to such indemnified person of its election to assume the defense thereof, such
indemnifying person shall not be liable to such indemnified person for any legal expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified person in 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that if there exists or shall exist a conflict of interest that would make it inappropriate in the reasonable judgment of the indemnified
person for the same counsel to represent both the indemnified person and such indemnifying person or any affiliate or associate thereof, the indemnified person shall be entitled to retain its own counsel at the expense of such indemnifying person;
provided, further, that no indemnifying person shall be responsible for the fees and expense of more than one separate counsel for all indemnified parties. The indemnifying party shall not settle an action without the consent of the indemnified
party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

iv) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5(b)
is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified party with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to herein, the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party thereunder,
shall to the extent permitted by applicable law contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the
indemnifying party on the one hand and of the indemnified party on the other, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided, that in no event shall any contribution by an indemnifying party hereunder be greater in amount than the
dollar amount of the proceeds received by such indemnifying party upon the sale of such Registrable Shares. 

c)
Suspensions. The Holder acknowledges that there may be times when the Company must suspend the use of the prospectus forming a part of a Resale Registration Statement until such time as an amendment to such Resale Registration Statement has
been filed by the Company and declared effective by the Commission, or until such time as the Company has filed an appropriate report with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Holder hereby covenants that it will not sell any Registrable
Shares pursuant to said prospectus during the period commencing at the time at which the Company gives the Holder notice of the suspension of the use of said prospectus and ending at the time the Company gives the Holder notice that the Holder may
thereafter effect sales pursuant to said prospectus; provided, that such suspension periods (Allowable Grace Periods) shall in no event exceed 60 days in any 12 month period and that, in the good faith judgment of the
Companys board of directors, the Company would, in the absence of such delay or suspension hereunder, be required under state or federal securities laws to disclose any corporate development, a potentially significant transaction or event
involving the Company, or any negotiations, discussions, or proposals directly relating thereto, in either case the disclosure of which would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company or its business. 

d) Termination of Registration Rights. The obligations of the Company pursuant to Section 5 shall cease and
terminate (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) as to the Holder for so long as (i) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale
of such Registrable Shares is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Shares have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Registrable Shares
have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor to such rule), or (iii) such Registrable Shares become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent
(assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any affiliate of the Company). 

e) Selling Securityholder Questionnaire. The Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the
form provided by the Company. The Company shall not be required to include the Registrable Shares of the Holder in a Registration Statement and shall not be required to pay any damages hereunder to the Holder if the Holder fails to furnish to the
Company a fully completed Selling Holder Questionnaire at least three Business Days prior to the filing of the Registration Statement. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

f) Facilitation of Sales Pursuant to Rule 144. For as long as any
Holder holds Registrable Shares, to the extent it shall be required to do so under the Exchange Act, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to timely file the reports required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act
(including the reports under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act referred to in subparagraph (c)(1) of Rule 144) and submit all required Interactive Data Files (as defined in Rule 11 of Regulation S-T of
the Commission), and shall use reasonable efforts to take such further necessary action as any holder of Registrable Shares may reasonably request in connection with the removal of any restrictive legend on the Registrable Shares being sold, all to
the extent required from time to time to enable such holder to sell the Registrable Shares without registration under the Securities Act within the limitations of the exemption provided by Rule 144. 

Section 6. Requirement to Hold Stockholder Meetings. If required by the NYSE, the Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders (Stockholder Meeting) as promptly as practicable for the purpose of obtaining approval to permit the issuance of all of the Warrant Shares to the
Holder without restriction pursuant to NYSE Listed Company Manual Rule 312.03 (both under the provisions of 312.03(c) and 312.03(d)), with the recommendation of the Board of Directors that such proposal is approved, and the Company shall solicit
proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if required by the NYSE and if the Company stockholders do not approve the foregoing
proposals at such Stockholder Meeting, the Company will continue to use reasonable best efforts to hold a subsequent special meeting of the stockholders as promptly as practicable thereafter to obtain the requisite stockholder approval for such
proposals (and the Company will continue to use reasonable best efforts to hold such special meetings no less frequently than every 45 days until such requisite approval is so obtained). 

Section 7. Miscellaneous. 

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any
voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant
Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, including if the Company is for any reason unable to issue and deliver Warrant
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant or cash settle in any other form. 

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it
(which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like
tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays,
etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority
to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the
Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or
appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable
therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform
its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant
Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction
thereof. 

e) Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of
this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. The Company and, by accepting this Warrant, the Holder each
agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against the Company or the Holder or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. The Company and, by accepting this Warrant, the Holder each hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and
hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue
for such proceeding. The Company and, by accepting this Warrant, the Holder each hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to it at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If the Company or the Holder shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this
Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such
action or proceeding. 

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise
of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of
Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of
this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including
those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
to be provided by the Holder hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 490 Foley
Lane, Hamilton, MT 59840, Attention: General Counsel, email address: [ ], or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Orrick,
Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 2000, Boston, MA 02116, Attention: Albert Vanderlaan, email address: [ ]. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to the Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP, 2200 Wells Fargo Center, 90 S. 7th Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402-3901, Attention: Jonathan Zimmerman, email address: [ ]. Any
notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth in this Section
prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to
whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided by the Company hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this
Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such
liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced
hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from
time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by such Holder. 

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or
amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the holders of at least a majority of the Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the then outstanding Warrants (determined without giving effect to
Section 2(e) of the Warrants); provided such modification, amendment or waiver applies to all of the then outstanding Warrants. 

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the
remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

n) Headings. The headings used in this
Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

o) Electronic Signatures. Electronically scanned and transmitted
signatures, including by email attachment, shall be deemed originals for all purposes of this Warrant. 

(Remainder of page left blank
| Signature page follows) 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION

By: 

Name: _________________________________

Title: Chief __________ Officer

Local Bounti | Warrant 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Holder has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

CARGILL FINANCIAL SERVICES INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title:

Local Bounti | Warrant 

Annex A 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: 

LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if
exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money of the United States; or 

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula
set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing Entity:
________________________________________________________________________ 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:
_________________________________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________ 

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________ 

Local Bounti | Warrant 

Annex B 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the
foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant to purchase shares of Local Bounti Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and all rights evidenced
thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature:______________________ 

Holders Address:______________________ 

Local Bounti | Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d854627dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 31, 2025 by and among Local
Bounti Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the Investors identified on Exhibit A attached hereto (each an Investor and collectively the
Investors). 

WHEREAS, the Company and each Investor is executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the
exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D (Regulation D)
as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act. 

WHEREAS, the
Investors, severally and not jointly, wish to purchase from the Company, and the Company wishes to sell and issue to the Investors, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, (a) shares (the Common
Shares) of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) and (b) shares (the Series A Preferred Shares) of the Companys Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock or the Preferred Shares and, together with the Common Shares, the
Securities), in each case, as set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the
Securities, the parties hereto will execute and deliver an Investor Rights Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Investor Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain
rights to the Investors. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

2025 Annual Meeting
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any
other Person which directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries Controls, is controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Person. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

BHCA has the meaning set forth in Section 4.36. 

Business Day means a day, (a) other than a Saturday or Sunday and (b) a day that is a legal holiday under the
laws of the State of New York or Minnesota or is a day on which banking institutions in such state are authorized or required by law to close. 

Cargill means Cargill, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation. 

CCPA has the meaning set forth in Section 4.38. 

Certificate of Designation means the Series A Certificate of Designations. 

Closing has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1. 

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1. 

Common Shares has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Companys Knowledge means the actual knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, of the executive officers (as
defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Company. 

Confidential Data has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.37. 

Control (including the terms controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Conversion Shares means the Series A Conversion Shares, in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Certificate of Designation. 

Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement dated as of
September 3, 2021 (as amended by the Restructuring Agreement, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) between Opco and certain subsidiaries thereof, as borrowers, and the Senior Lender, as lender.

Delaware Courts has the meaning set forth in Section 10.11.

Disqualification Event has the meaning set forth in Section 4.31. 

EDGAR System has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7. 

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.17. 

Evaluation Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.28. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Family or Estate-Planning Transfer means a transfer of Securities to (a) a Related Person
of the transferring Investor Real Party in Interest, (b) a trust under which the distribution of Securities may be made only to Related Persons of the transferring Investor Real Party in Interest, (c) a corporation, the stockholders of
which are only Related Persons of the transferring Investor Real Party in Interest, (d) a partnership or limited liability company, the partners or members of which are only Related Persons of the transferring Investor Real Party in Interest,
(e) a foundation under the terms of the estate plan (will and/or revocable trust) of an Investor Real Party in Interest or (f) by will or by the laws of intestate succession, to the executors, administrators, testamentary trustees,
legatees or beneficiaries of the Investor Real Party In Interest. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 2

Family or Estate-Planning Transferee shall mean a recipient of a Family
or Estate-Planning Transfer. 

Federal Reserve has the meaning set forth in Section 4.36. 

Form 8-K has the meaning set forth in Section 10.7. 

GAAP has the meaning set forth in Section 4.19. 

GDPR has the meaning set forth in Section 4.38. 

HIPAA has the meaning set forth in Section 4.37. 

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2. 

Intellectual Property means all patents, patent applications, registered and unregistered trademarks, trademark
applications, registered and unregistered service marks, service mark applications, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, domain names, information and proprietary rights and processes, and all other intellectual property rights in any
jurisdiction. 

Intellectual Property Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16. 

Investor Real Party in Interest means a natural person determined as follows: (i) if the Investor is a natural person,
the Investor, (ii) if the Investor is a trust, the natural person(s) who created or funded such trust, directly or indirectly, or (iii) if the Investor is an entity, the natural person(s) who, directly or indirectly, controls such entity.

Investor Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Investors has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

IT Systems has the meaning set forth in Section 4.37. 

Liens means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other
restriction. 

Lock-Up Period has the meaning set forth in
Section 7. 

Material Adverse Effect means a circumstance that would have or reasonably be
expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on (a) the assets, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, business, prospects or properties of the Company,
(b) the legality or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or (c) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents; provided, however, that in no event shall any of the following occurring
after the date hereof, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute a Material Adverse Effect, or be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred: (i) any adverse effect resulting directly or indirectly
from general business or economic conditions, except to the extent such general business or economic conditions have a materially disproportionate effect on the Company as compared to companies in the Companys industry; (ii) any change in
the Companys stock price or trading volume (provided that the underlying cause of such change is not exempt from constituting a Material Adverse Effect, or being taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has
occurred); or (iii) any effect caused by the announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or the identity of any Investor or any of its Affiliates as the purchaser in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the Investor Rights Agreement. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 3

Material Contract means any contract, instrument or other agreement to
which the Company is a party or by which it is bound which is material to the business of the Company and has been or was required to have been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Filings pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K.

NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 

OFAC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.26. 

Opco means Local Bounti Operating Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, association, joint
stock company, joint venture, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization, governmental authority, or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein. 

Personal Data has the meaning set forth in Section 4.37. 

Preferred Shares has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Preferred Stock means the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Privacy Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.38. 

Process has the meaning set forth in Section 4.38. 

Processing has the meaning set forth in Section 4.38. 

Regulation D has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Related Person means the spouse, parent, siblings, descendants (including adoptive relationships and stepchildren) of an
Investor Real Party in Interest and the spouses of each such person. 

Required Investors means the holders of a two
thirds (2/3) in interest of the Securities based on the initial Subscription Amounts (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Preferred Shares), for so long as such shares remain Registrable Securities under the Investor Rights
Agreement. 

Restructuring Agreement means the Restructuring Agreement and Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreement
of even date herewith among the Company, Opco, certain subsidiaries of Opco, the Senior Lender, and the other parties thereto. 

Sale Event has the meaning set forth in Section 7. 

Schedule of Investors has the meaning set forth in Section 2. 

SEC has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 4

SEC Filings means the Companys filings pursuant to the Exchange Act
since December 31, 2021. 

Securities has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Senior Lender means Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Series A Certificate of Designations means the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series
A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, setting forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Series A Conversion Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the shares of Series A
Preferred Shares. 

Series A Preferred Stock means the Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, having the rights, preferences and privileges specified in the Series A Certificate of Designations, which will be convertible into Series A Conversion Shares in
accordance with the terms set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designations. 

Short Sales means all short
sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock). 

Stockholder Approval means receipt of the stockholder approval required by the applicable rules and regulations of the NYSE
(or any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including (a) for a change of control and (b) the issuance of all of the Conversion Shares in excess
of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the Closing Date without regard to any restrictions or limitations set forth under the Certificate of Designations. 

Subscription Amount means, as to an Investor, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Common Shares and Preferred Shares
purchased hereunder as specified opposite such Investors name on Exhibit A attached hereto, under the column entitled Aggregate Purchase Price. 

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company. 

Support Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(j). 

Trading Day means a day on which the NYSE is open for trading. 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the Support Agreements and the Investor Rights
Agreement. 

Transfer Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 5

2. Purchase and Sale of the Securities. On the Closing Date,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company will issue and sell to the Investors, and the Investors will purchase, severally and not jointly, (a) the number of shares of Common Stock set forth opposite
the name of such Investor under the heading Number of Common Shares to be Purchased on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Schedule of Investors) in exchange for consideration equal to
$2.00 per Common Share, and (b) the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock set forth opposite the name of such Investor under the heading Number of Series A Preferred Shares to be Purchased on the Schedule of Investors in
exchange for consideration equal to $2.00 per Series A Preferred Share. 

3. Closing. 

3.1 The closing (the Closing) of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall occur
simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, remotely by electronic exchange of signatures and all documentation required herein. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to as the Closing Date. 

3.2 On the Closing Date, each Investor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company (a) the Subscription Amount by wire or other
electronic transfer to a bank account designated by the Company, by cancellation or conversion of indebtedness of the Company to the Investors, or by any combination of such methods and (b) a duly executed copy of the Investor Rights Agreement.

3.3 As of the Closing Date, all fees and expenses of the Company and the Investors, including fees of legal counsel and financial
advisors, shall have been paid by the respective incurring party as of the Closing Date. 

3.4 At or before the Closing, the Company shall
deliver or cause to be delivered to each Investor: 

(a) the Company shall have adopted and filed the Certificate of Designations with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware; 

(b) a number of Common Shares, registered in the name of the Investor (or its nominee in
accordance with its delivery instructions), in the amount set forth opposite the name of such Investor under the heading Number of Common Shares to be Purchased in the Schedule of Investors, with such Common Shares to be issued in
book-entry form with the Transfer Agent; 

(c) a number of Preferred Shares, registered in the name of the Investor (or its nominee in
accordance with its delivery instructions), in the amount set forth opposite the name of such Investor under the heading Number of Preferred Shares to be Purchased in the Schedule of Investors, with such Preferred Shares to be issued in
book-entry form with the Transfer Agent; 

(d) a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent
to deliver, at the Closing, the number of Common Shares and Preferred Shares to be purchased by such Investor pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with Section 2, registered in the name of such Investor, in book-entry
form; 

(e) if requested by an Investor, evidence of the issuance of the Securities to be purchased by such Investor pursuant to this
Agreement from the Transfer Agent; 

(f) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date,
certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 8.1(a), 8.1(b), 8.1(c), 8.1(d), 8.1(e) and 8.1(f) have been fulfilled; 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 6

(g) a certificate of the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying
(i) the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date; (ii) the Companys Bylaws; (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors (or an authorized committee thereof) approving the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby; 

(h) a certificate evidencing the good standing of the Company in Delaware issued by the Secretary of
State of Delaware, as of a date within five business days of the Closing Date; 

(i) a legal opinion of Orrick, Herrington &
Sutcliffe LLP, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Investors, dated as of the Closing Date, executed by such counsel and delivered to the Investors; 

(j) the Investor Rights Agreement, executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company; 

(k) support agreements with respect to the Stockholder Approval, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Support
Agreements), from each of Craig Hurlbert, Travis Joyner, Kathleen Valiasek and Charles R. Schwab, and their respective Affiliates; and 

(l) the Restructuring Agreement and the Credit Agreement, as amended thereby, each of which shall be in full force and effect substantially
concurrently with the Closing. 

4. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants
to the Investors that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be
made as of such date): 

4.1 Subsidiaries. All of the material Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Exhibit 21.1 of the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity
interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of
preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded. 

4.2 Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the
Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except
where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.3 Authorization. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority and has taken all requisite corporate action necessary
for, and no further action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders is necessary for, (a) the authorization, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents; (b) the authorization of the performance of all
obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder; and (c) the authorization, issuance and delivery of the Common Shares and the 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 7

Preferred Shares (except for, with respect to Preferred Shares, the Stockholder Approval). Each of the Transaction Documents has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and,
assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Investors, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights, (ii) general principles of equity that restrict the availability of equitable remedies and (iii) to the extent that the enforceability of
indemnification provisions may be limited by applicable laws. 

4.4 Capitalization. As of September 30, 2024, the
capitalization of the Company was in all material respects as set forth in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. Since September 30, 2024, no steps have
been taken by the Company to authorize or effect any amendment or other modification to the authorized capital stock of the Company other than the adoption of the Certificate of Designations. There are no securities or instruments containing
anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities as described in this Agreement and the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar
plan or agreement. Since September 30, 2024, the Company has not issued any capital stock, other than pursuant to the exercise of warrants outstanding as of such date or the exercise of employee stock options or settlement of restricted stock
units under the Companys equity incentive plans. All of the issued and outstanding shares of the Companys capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, none of such shares were issued in
violation of any pre-emptive rights and such shares were issued in compliance with applicable state and federal securities law and any rights of third parties. No Person is entitled to pre-emptive or similar statutory or contractual rights with respect to the issuance by the Company or any Subsidiary of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary, including without limitation, the Common
Shares and the Preferred Shares. There are no outstanding warrants, options, convertible securities or other rights, agreements or arrangements of any character under which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may be obligated to issue any equity
securities of any kind, except as contemplated by this Agreement or as previously disclosed in the Companys SEC Filings. Except for the Investor Rights Agreement, there are no voting agreements, buy-sell
agreements, option or right of first purchase agreements or other agreements of any kind among the Company and any of the security holders of the Company relating to the securities of the Company held by them. Except as provided in the Investor
Rights Agreement, no Person has the right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, whether on a demand basis or in connection with the registration of securities of the Company for its own account or
for the account of any other Person. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any other Person (other than the Investors) or result in
the adjustment of the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of any outstanding security. The Company does not have outstanding stockholder purchase rights or poison pill or any similar arrangement in effect giving any Person the
right to purchase any equity interest in the Company upon the occurrence of certain events. 

4.5 Valid Issuance. The Common Shares
have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued and paid for pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and shall be free and clear of all encumbrances and restrictions (other than those created by the
Investors), except for restrictions on transfer set forth in the Transaction Documents or imposed by applicable securities laws. The Preferred Shares have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued and paid for pursuant to this Agreement,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will be free and clear of all encumbrances and restrictions (other than those created by the Investors), except for restrictions on transfer set forth in the Transaction Documents or imposed
by applicable securities laws. The Conversion Shares have been duly and validly authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will be free and clear of all encumbrances and restrictions (other than those created by the Investors), except for restrictions on transfer set forth in the Transaction Documents or imposed
by applicable securities laws. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 8

4.6 Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the
Transaction Documents and the offer, issuance and sale of the Securities require no consent of, action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Person, governmental body, agency, or official other than (a) filings that have been made pursuant
to applicable state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the NYSE; (b) post-sale filings pursuant to applicable state and federal securities laws, which the Company undertakes to file within the applicable time periods;
(c) filing of the Certificate of Designations; (d) the Stockholder Approval; and (e) the registration statement required to be filed by the Investor Rights Agreement. The Company has taken all action necessary to exempt (a) the
issuance and sale of the Securities and (b) the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents from the provisions of any stockholder rights plan or other poison pill arrangement, any anti-takeover, business
combination or control share law or statute binding on the Company or to which the Company or any of its assets and properties is subject that is or could reasonably be expected to become applicable to the Investors as a result of the transactions
contemplated hereby, including without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares and Preferred Shares and the ownership, disposition or voting of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares by the Investors or the exercise of any right granted to the
Investors pursuant to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the NYSE. 

4.7 Delivery of SEC Filings. True and complete copies of the SEC Filings have been made available by the Company to the
Investors through the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (the EDGAR System) (other than any information for which the Company has received confidential treatment from the SEC). 

4.8 No Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Filings or as
set forth specifically in a subsequent SEC Filing: (a) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (b) the Company has not incurred any
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (i) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (ii) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys
financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the SEC; (c) the Company has not altered its method of accounting; (d) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to
its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock; and (e) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing
Company equity incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the SEC any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact,
circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists, or is reasonably expected to occur or exist, with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that
would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

4.9 SEC Filings. Since December 31, 2021, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof. At the time of filing thereof, such SEC Filings complied as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act or Exchange Act, as applicable, and, as of their respective dates, did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 9

4.10 No Conflict, Breach, Violation or Default. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not:
(a) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any
Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (c) subject to the Stockholder Approval, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a
Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (b) and (c), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. This Section 4.10 does not relate to matters
with respect to tax status, which are the subject of Section 4.12, intellectual property, which are the subject of Section 4.16, and environmental laws, which are the subject of
Section 4.17. 

4.11 Compliance. The Company is not (a) in default under or in violation of (and no
event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company under), nor has the Company received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any
Material Contract (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (b) in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body or (c) in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation
of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except
with regard to clause (c) as would not have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.12 Tax Matters. The Company has timely
filed all tax returns required to have been filed by the Company with all appropriate governmental agencies (subject to extensions permitted under law) and have paid all taxes shown thereon or otherwise owed by them (whether or not shown on any tax
returns). The Company has (a) collected or withheld all material taxes required to be collected or withheld by applicable laws from employee, shareholders or other third parties and have timely paid and have timely paid over such withheld
amount to the appropriate government agency; and (b) made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 4.19 below in respect of all federal, state and local and non-United States income and franchise taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy that would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect on the financial position of the Company. There are no material tax liens on any assets or property of the Company, and there are no material tax claims pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against the
Company or any of its material assets or property. 

4.13 Title to Properties. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and
marketable title to all real properties and all other tangible properties and assets owned by them, in each case free from liens, encumbrances and defects, except such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and the Company and the Subsidiaries
hold any leased real or personal property under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance and with no exceptions, except such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 10

4.14 Certificates, Authorities and Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess
adequate certificates, authorities or permits issued by appropriate governmental agencies or bodies necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where failure to so possess would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authority or permit that, if determined adversely to the Company, would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.15 Labor Matters. No labor dispute exists or, to Companys Knowledge, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the
Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such
Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the Companys Knowledge, no
executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or
non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and, to the Companys Knowledge, the continued employment of each such executive
officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

4.16 Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights as described in the SEC Filings as necessary or required
for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have would have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a
notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, except as would
not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Filings, a written notice of a claim or
otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Intellectual Property Rights have not
been adjusted by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. To the Companys Knowledge, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of
any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 11

4.17 Environmental Matters. Neither the Company or any Subsidiary is in material
violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or
restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws), has not released any hazardous substances regulated by Environmental Law on to any real property that it owns or
operates, and has not received any written notice or claim that the Company or any Subsidiary is not in compliance with any Environmental Law or that it is liable for any off-site disposal or contamination
pursuant to any Environmental Laws; to the Companys Knowledge, there is no pending or threatened investigation that would reasonably be expected to lead to such a claim. To the Companys Knowledge, the Company has no material liability
under any Environmental Law. 

4.18 Legal Proceedings. There are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions,
suits, charges, claims, complaints, audits, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened to which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may reasonably be expected to become a party or to which any property of the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may reasonably be expected to become the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company, would have or would reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect. There are no
orders, writs, injunctions, judgments or decrees outstanding of any court or government agency or instrumentality and binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

4.19 Financial Statements. The financial statements included in each SEC Filing comply in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement) and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates shown and its results of operations and cash flows for the periods shown, subject in the case of unaudited financial statements to normal, immaterial
year-end audit adjustments, and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods
involved (GAAP) (except as may be disclosed therein or in the notes thereto, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and, in the case of quarterly financial statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Filings filed prior to the date hereof, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise,
except those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent (as to amount and nature) with past practices since the date of such financial statements, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, have had or would have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

4.20 Compliance with NYSE Continued Listing Requirements. Other than as set forth in the SEC
Filings, the Company is in compliance with applicable NYSE continued listing requirements. There are no proceedings pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company relating to the continued listing of the Common Stock on
the NYSE and the Company has not received any notice of, nor to the Companys Knowledge is there any reasonable basis for, the delisting of the Common Stock from the NYSE. The Company is not aware of any circumstances that would cause the
Common Shares and the Conversion Shares (subject to the receipt of the Stockholder Approval) being issued hereunder to not be approved for listing by the NYSE. 

4.21 Brokers and Finders. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, any valid
right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or, to the Companys Knowledge, an Investor for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company.

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 12

4.22 No Directed Selling Efforts or General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any
Person acting on its behalf has conducted any general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of any of the Securities. 

4.23 No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on its behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would (a) adversely affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) for the exemption from registration for the transactions
contemplated hereby or would require registration of the Securities under the Securities Act or (b) cause the offer and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any
applicable law, regulation or stockholder approval provisions. 

4.24 Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the
Investors representations and warranties set forth in Section 5, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Investors as contemplated hereby.

4.25 Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of the current
or former directors, officers, employees, agents or other Persons acting on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries has on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries, as applicable: (a) used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (b) made any direct or indirect unlawful payments to any governmental officials or employees from corporate funds; (c) established or maintained any unlawful
or unrecorded fund of corporate monies or other assets which is in violation of law; (d) made any false or fictitious entries on the books and records of the Company; (e) made any unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback, bribe
or other unlawful payment of any nature; or (f) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

4.26 Office of Foreign Assets Control and Export Control Laws. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the
Companys Knowledge, any of the current or former directors, officers, employees, agents or other Persons acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Treasury Department. 

4.27 Transactions with Affiliates. Except as disclosed
in the SEC Filings, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the Companys Knowledge, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than as holders of stock options and/or
warrants, and for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise
requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the Companys Knowledge, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

4.28 Internal Controls. Except as disclosed in the SEC Filings, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with
any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof. The Company
and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (a) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (b) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (c) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 13

managements general or specific authorization; and (d) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is
taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in
the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial
reporting of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

4.29 Investment Company. The Company is not required to be registered as, and
is not an Affiliate of, and immediately following the Closing will not be required to register as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

4.30 Manipulation of Price. The Company has not, and, to the Companys Knowledge, no Person acting on its behalf has taken,
directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities. 

4.31 Bad Actor Disqualification. None of the Company, any predecessor or affiliated issuer of the Company nor, to the Companys
Knowledge, any director or executive officer of the Company or any promoter connected with the Company in any capacity, is subject to any of the bad actor disqualifications within the meaning of Rule 506(d) under the Securities Act
(a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). 

4.32
Shell Company Status. The Company was previously an issuer identified in Securities Act Rule 144(i)(1). The Company confirms that: (a) effective November 24, 2021, it ceased to be an issuer identified in Securities Act Rule
144(i)(1); (b) it has not been an issuer identified in Securities Act Rule 144(i)(1) between November 24, 2021 and the date of this Agreement; (c) it is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Exchange Act;
(d) it has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 of the Exchange Act between November 24, 2021 and the date of this Agreement; and (e) on November 24, 2021, it filed current Form 10
information, as defined in Securities Act Rule 144(i)(3), with the SEC, which reflects that it is not an issuer identified in Securities Act Rule 144(i)(1). 

4.33 Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, the Credit Agreement and the Restructuring Agreement, all of which will be disclosed in the Form 8-K, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Investors with any
information that it believes constitutes or would reasonably be deemed to constitute material, non-public information that will not otherwise be disclosed in the SEC Filings on or prior to the Closing Date.
The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 14

4.34 Insurance Coverage. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain in full force and
effect insurance coverage that is customary for comparably situated companies for the business being conducted and properties owned or leased by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and the Company reasonably believes such insurance coverage to be
adequate against all liabilities, claims and risks against which it is customary for comparably situated companies to insure. Other than customary end of policy notifications from insurance carriers, since January 1, 2024, the Company has not
received any notice or other communication regarding any actual or possible (i) cancellation or invalidation of any insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection of any material claim under
any insurance policy. 

4.35 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries and
any of their respective officers, directors, supervisors, managers, agents, or employees are and have at all times been in compliance with and its participation in the offering will not violate:
(a) anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to, any applicable law, rule, or regulation of any locality, including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD
Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other law,
rule or regulation of similar purposes and scope or (b) anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, applicable federal, state, international, foreign or other laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation, Title 18 US. Code sections 1956 and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an
intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States is a member and with which designation the United States representative to the group or organization continues
to concur, all as amended, and any executive order, directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder. 

4.36 Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956, as amended (the BHCA), and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates owns or controls, directly or
indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.
Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

4.37 Cybersecurity. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its
Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all
material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, to the Companys Knowledge are free and clear of all material Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and
other malicious code. The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls designed to maintain and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, privacy and
security of all sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Confidential Data) used or maintained in connection with their businesses and Personal Data, and the integrity, availability continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems. Personal Data means the following data used in connection with the Companys and its subsidiaries businesses and in their possession or control: (i) a natural persons name, street address,
telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or other tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number,

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 15

bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) information that identifies, relates to, or may reasonably be used to identify an individual; (iii) any information regarding an
individuals medical history, mental or physical condition, or medical treatment or diagnosis by a health care professional; (iv) an individuals health insurance policy number or subscriber identification number, any unique
identifier used by a health insurer to identify the individual, or any information in an individuals application and claims history; (v) any information which would qualify as protected health information under the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); (vi) any information which would qualify as personal
data, personal information (or similar term) under the Privacy Laws; and (vii) any other piece of information that alone, or combined with other information, reasonably allows the identification of such natural person, or his
or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. To the Companys Knowledge, there have been no breaches, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to the IT
Systems, Confidential Data, and Personal Data. The Company and its Subsidiaries are presently, and at all times since November 24, 2021 were, in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments and orders binding on
the Company, applicable binding rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, and their internal policies and contractual obligations, each relating to the Processing, privacy and security of Personal Data
and Confidential Data, the privacy and security of IT Systems and the protection of such IT Systems, Confidential Data, and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification. 

4.38 Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all times since November 24, 2021 were, in
material compliance with all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, storage, retention, disclosure, transfer, disposal, or any other processing (collectively
Process or Processing) of Personal Data, including HIPAA, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU
2016/679), and the United Kingdom GDPR (collectively, the Privacy Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take all appropriate steps necessary to ensure
compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security, and the Processing of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Privacy Statements). The Company further certifies that,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries: (i) has received written notice of any material actual or potential claim, complaint, proceeding, regulatory proceeding or
liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, contracts related to the Processing of Personal Data or Confidential Data, or Privacy Statements, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would
reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law or contract; or (iii) is a party
to any order or decree that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law. 

4.39 No Additional Agreements. The
Company has no other agreements or understandings (including, without limitation, side letters) with any Investor to purchase Securities on terms more favorable to such Investor than as set forth herein. 

5. Representations and Warranties of the Investors. Each of the Investors hereby, severally and not jointly, represents and
warrants to the Company that: 

5.1 Organization and Existence. Such Investor is either an individual or a validly existing
corporation, limited partnership or limited liability company and has all requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority, as applicable, to enter into and consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents and to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to invest in the Common Shares and/or the Preferred Shares, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 16

5.2 Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the
Transaction Documents to which such Investor is a party have been duly authorized and each has been duly executed and when delivered will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against such Investor in
accordance with their respective terms, except: (a) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally; (b) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; and (c) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

5.3 Purchase Entirely for Own Account. The Common Shares and/or the Preferred Shares, as applicable, to be received by such
Investor hereunder will be acquired for such Investors own account, not as nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and such Investor has no present intention
of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to such Investors right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Common
Shares and/or Preferred Shares, as applicable, in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by Investor to hold the Common Shares and/or the Preferred Shares,
as applicable, for any period of time. Such Investor is not a broker-dealer registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered. 

5.4 Investment Experience. Such Investor acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the
Common Shares and/or the Preferred Shares, as applicable, and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment contemplated hereby. 

5.5 Access to Information. Such Investor or its advisor has had an opportunity to receive, review and understand all information
related to the Company requested by it and to ask questions of and receive answers from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities, and has conducted and completed its own
independent due diligence. Such Investor acknowledges the availability of the SEC Filings on the Edgar System. Based on the information such Investor or its advisor has deemed appropriate, it or its advisor has independently made its own analysis
and decision to enter into the Transaction Documents. Such Investor or its advisor is relying exclusively on its own sources of information, investment analysis and due diligence (including professional advice it deems appropriate) with respect to
the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents, the Common Shares and/or the Preferred Shares, as applicable, and the business, condition (financial and otherwise), management, operations, properties and prospects of the
Company, including but not limited to all business, legal, regulatory, accounting, credit and tax matters. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by such Investor or its advisor shall modify, limit or otherwise
affect such Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 17

5.6 Restricted Securities. Such Investor understands that the Common Shares
and/or the Preferred Shares, as applicable, are characterized as restricted securities under the U.S. federal securities laws inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that
under such laws and applicable regulations such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances. Such Investor understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has not
been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide
nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed herein. 

5.7 Legends. It is
understood that, except as provided below, certificates evidencing the Common Shares and/or the Preferred Shares may bear the following or any similar legend: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (A) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED; (B) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144; OR (C) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

If required by the authorities of any state in connection with the issuance or sale of the Common Shares and/or the Preferred Shares,
certificates evidencing the same may bear the legend required by such state authority. 

5.8 Accredited Investor. At the time
such Investor was offered the Securities, it was and, as of the date hereof, such Investor is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. Such investor is a sophisticated institutional investor
with sufficient knowledge, sophistication and experience in business, including transactions involving private placements in public equity, to properly evaluate the risks and merits of its purchase of the Securities. Such Investor has determined
based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate that its purchase of the Securities and participation in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (a) are fully consistent with its
financial needs, objectives and condition, and (ii) are a fit, proper and suitable investment for such Investor, notwithstanding the substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. Each Investor further represents and
warrants that (x) it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities and is an institutional account as defined by FINRA Rule
4512(c). 

5.9 No General Solicitation. Such Investor did not learn of the investment in the Securities as a result of any general
solicitation or general advertising. 

5.10 Brokers and Finders. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or an Investor for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of such
Investor. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 18

5.11 Short Sales and Confidentiality Prior to the Date Hereof. Other
than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Investor has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short
Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Investor was first contacted by the Company, or any other Person regarding the transactions contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date
hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets and the portfolio managers have no direct
knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Investors assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager
that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. The Investor, its Affiliates and authorized representatives and advisors who are aware of the transactions contemplated hereby, maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or
preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

5.12 No Government Recommendation or Approval. Such Investor understands that no United States federal or state agency, or similar
agency of any other country, has reviewed, approved, passed upon, or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Company or the purchase of the Securities. 

5.13 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by such
Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (a) result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Investor; (b) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or
both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Investor is a party; or (c) result in a violation of any law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to such Investor, except in the case of clauses (b) and (c) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of such Investor to perform its obligations hereunder. 

5.14 Residency. Such Investor is a resident of or an entity domiciled under the jurisdiction specified below its address on the
Schedule of Investors. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 5
shall not modify, amend or affect such Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other
document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

6. Covenants and Agreements of the Company. 

6.1 NYSE Listing. The Company has filed a supplemental listing application with the NYSE for the listing of the Common Shares, a
copy of which notification form shall have been made available to the Investors upon request, and is not aware of any circumstance that would cause such shares of Common Stock to be not approved for listing. Upon receipt of the Stockholder Approval,
the Company will file a supplemental listing application with the NYSE for the listing of the Conversion Shares (assuming the shares of Preferred Stock are convertible in full without regard to any conversion limitations in the Certificate of
Designations and assuming the receipt of the Stockholder Approval and authorization of such Common Stock to be issued in full), to the extent the Company then has authority under its 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 19

certificate of incorporation to issue such shares of Common Stock, a copy of which notification form shall be made available to the Investors upon request, and is not aware of any circumstance
that would cause such shares of Common Stock to be not approved for listing. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock and the Conversion Shares, as applicable, on the New York Stock
Exchange and, in accordance therewith, will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of such market or exchange, as applicable. 

6.2 Stockholder Approval. The Company will use reasonable best efforts to obtain and effect the Stockholder Approval at the
Companys 2025 Annual Stockholder Meeting (the 2025 Annual Meeting), which shall be held no later than June 11, 2025, and shall cause the Board of Directors of the Company to recommend to the
stockholders that they approve such matter. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts, Stockholder Approval is not effected at the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Company shall cause an additional stockholder meeting to be held every
six months thereafter, and shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain and effect the Stockholder Approval at each such meeting, including at a minimum engaging a national-standing proxy solicitation firm to assist in soliciting the requisite
votes, and shall cause the Board of Directors of the Company to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such matter at each such meeting, until all of the Preferred Shares have been redeemed or the Stockholder Approval is obtained. 

6.3 Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities
as required under Regulation D. The Company shall take such commercially reasonable actions as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Investors at
the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States. 

6.4 Removal of
Legends. In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Common Shares or the Conversion Shares, as applicable, by an Investor pursuant to Rule 144, pursuant to any other exemption under the Securities Act or
pursuant to sale under an effective registration statement such that the purchaser acquires freely tradable shares and upon compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Section 6.4, if requested by the Investor,
the Company shall cause the transfer agent for the Common Stock (the Transfer Agent) to timely remove any restrictive legends related to the book-entry account holding such Common Shares or Conversion Shares, as applicable, and
make a new, unlegended entry for such book-entry Common Shares or Conversion Shares, as applicable, sold or disposed of without restrictive legends within two (2) Trading Days of any such request therefor from the Investor, provided that the
Company has received customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection therewith. Subject to receipt by the Company of customary representations and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the
Company in connection therewith, upon the earlier of such time as the Common Shares or Conversion Shares, as applicable, (a) have been sold or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement; (b) have been sold pursuant to
Rule 144; or (c) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) or any successor provision (without the requirement for the Company to comply with the current public information obligations of Rule 144(c)), the Company shall within
three (3) Trading Days of any request therefor from an Investor accompanied by such customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above (i) (a) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the Transfer Agent
shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book-entry Common Shares or Conversion Shares, as applicable, and (b) use reasonably best efforts to cause its counsel to deliver to the Transfer Agent one or more blanket opinions to the effect that
the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act or (ii) promptly deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the request of an Investor, such Common Shares or Conversion Shares via DWAC transfer to such
Investors account. From and after the earlier of such dates, upon an Investors 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 20

written request, the Company shall promptly cause certificates or book entries evidencing the Investors Common Shares or Conversion Shares, as applicable, to be replaced with certificates
or book entries, as the case may be, which do not bear such restrictive legends, provided the provisions of either clauses (a), (b) or (c) above, as applicable, are satisfied with respect to such Common Shares or Conversion Shares, as
applicable. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its Transfer Agent associated with such issuance. 

6.5 Short Sales
and Confidentiality After the Date Hereof. Each Investor covenants that neither it nor any Affiliates acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any Short Sales during the period from the date hereof until the
earlier of such time as (a) after the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced or (b) this Agreement is terminated in full. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Investors assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of
such Investors assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Common Shares and Preferred Shares. Each Investor
covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the
existence and terms of this transaction). 

6.6 Fees. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any financial advisory
fees, legal counsel fees, or brokers commissions (other than for Persons engaged by any Investor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

6.7 Increase to 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company shall take all actions necessary to increase the number of shares available to
be granted to service providers under its 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to 8% of the fully diluted capitalization of the Company (after taking into effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), subject to stockholder approval of such an
increase at the 2025 Annual Meeting. 

6.8 Permitted Transfers. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Investor Rights
Agreement, Investors shall be permitted to effect Family or Estate-Planning Transfers solely for estate planning purposes without the consent of the Company. 

7. Lock-Up. Each Investor agrees that, from the date hereof until the date that is 180 days
from the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period), it will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, (a) offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, grant any option, right or warrant
to purchase, make any short sale or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of the Securities; (b) enter into a transaction that would have the same effect as described in clause (a) above; (c) enter into any swap,
hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences or ownership of any of the Securities, whether such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such Securities, in cash or otherwise, (each of (a), (b)
and (c) above, a Sale Event) or (d) publicly disclose the intention to enter into any Sale Event. In each case of clauses (a) through (d), each Investor shall be permitted to transfer, without the consent of the
Company, Securities (i) in the case of any Investor that is not an individual, to any Affiliate of such Investor (including existing affiliated investment funds or vehicles that at all times remain Affiliates), (ii) in the conversion of the
Preferred Shares into Common Stock, (iii) to a Family or Estate-Planning Transferee, and (iv) via transfers of the Securities pursuant to any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made to
all holders of the Companys capital stock involving a change of control of the Company which is approved by the Companys Board of Directors 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 21

(including, without limitation, the entering into any lock-up, voting or similar agreement pursuant to which the undersigned may agree to transfer, sell,
tender or otherwise dispose of Common Stock or other such securities in connection with such transaction, or vote any Common Stock or other such securities in favor of any such transaction); provided, that in the event such tender offer,
merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, such Investors Securities shall remain subject to the terms of this Section 7. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 7
shall not have any impact on any shares of capital stock of the Company, including shares of Common Stock, that such Investors hold as of the date hereof, or that such Investors acquire during the Lock-Up
Period in open market transactions, and the limitations in this Section 7 solely relate to the Securities. 

8.
Conditions of Closing. 

8.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to consummate
the transactions to be consummated at such Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Securities being purchased by it at such Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing by such Investor of the following
conditions precedent: 

(a) the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct as of that date
hereof and on and as of such Closing Date with the same force and effect as though made on and as of such Closing Date (it being understood and agreed by each Investor that for purposes of this Section 8.1(a), in the case
of any representation and warranty of the Company contained herein which is made as of a specific date, such representation and warranty need be true and correct only as of such specific date); 

(b) the Company shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by
the Company on or prior to such Closing Date; 

(c) no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have
been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no such prohibition shall have
been threatened in writing; 

(d) the Company shall have obtained the consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary
for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Securities; 

(e) the Company shall have taken the actions and delivered the
documents required under Section 3.4; and 

(f) the listing and trading of the Common Stock on the NYSE shall
not have been suspended, nor shall any suspension have been threatened either (i) in writing by the SEC or the NYSE or (ii) by falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the NYSE, and the Company shall have filed a
supplemental listing application with the NYSE for the listing of the Common Shares and is not aware of any circumstance that would cause such shares of Common Stock to be not approved for listing. 

8.2 Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated at such
Closing, and to issue and sell to each Investor the Common Stock to be purchased by it at such Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent: 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 22

(a) the representations and warranties contained herein of each Investor shall be true and
correct on and as of such Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of such Closing Date; 

(b) each Investor
shall have performed in all material respects all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such Investor on or prior to such Closing Date; 

(c) no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing; and 

(d) each Investor shall have taken the actions and delivered the documents required under Section 3.2. 

9. Survival and Indemnification. 

9.1 Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the
delivery of the Securities in accordance with their respective terms. The terms of Section 6.1, Section 6.2, Section 6.3 and Section 6.5 shall
survive until such time as no Investor holds any Registrable Securities (as such term is defined in the Investor Rights Agreement). 

9.2
Indemnification by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each of the Investors, the officers, directors, partners, members, managers, trustees, employees and agents and other representatives, successors and
assigns of each Investor, each Person who controls any such Investor (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, partners, members, managers, trustees and
employees of each such controlling Person (each, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject under the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act, or any other federal or state statutory law or regulation (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, provided that such consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned, or delayed), insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arise out of or are based in whole or in part on the inaccuracy in the representations and
warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement or the failure of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder, and will reimburse each Indemnified Party for legal and other expenses reasonably incurred as such expenses are reasonably
incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the
extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense arises out of or is based upon (a) the failure of such Indemnified Party (or its related parties) to comply with the covenants and agreements contained herein, or (b) the
inaccuracy of any representations made by such Indemnified Party (or its related parties) herein. 

9.3 Indemnification Procedure.
Promptly after any Indemnified Party has received notice of any indemnifiable claim hereunder, or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by a third Person, which the Indemnified Party believes in good faith is an indemnifiable claim
under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Company written notice of such claim or the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding, but failure to so notify the Company will not relieve the

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 23

Company from any liability it may have to such Indemnified Party hereunder except to the extent that the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure. Such notice shall state the nature and
the basis of such claim to the extent then known. The Company shall have the right to defend and settle, at its own expense and by its own counsel who shall be reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party, any such matter as long as the Company
pursues the same diligently and in good faith. If the Company undertakes to defend or settle, it shall promptly notify the Indemnified Party of its intention to do so, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Company and its counsel in all
commercially reasonable respects in the defense thereof and the settlement thereof. Such cooperation shall include, but shall not be limited to, furnishing the Company with any books, records and other information reasonably requested by the Company
and in the Indemnified Partys possession or control. Such cooperation of the Indemnified Party shall be at the cost of the Company. After the Company has notified the Indemnified Party of its intention to undertake to defend or settle any such
asserted liability, and for so long as the Company diligently pursues such defense, the Company shall not be liable for any additional legal expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with any defense or settlement of such asserted
liability; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party shall be entitled (a) at its expense, to participate in the defense of such asserted liability and the negotiations of the settlement thereof and (b) if (i) the Company has
failed to assume the defense or employ counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party or (ii) if the defendants in any such action include both the Indemnified Party and the Company and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall have
concluded that there may be reasonable defenses available to the Indemnified Party that are different from or in addition to those available to the Company or if the interests of the Indemnified Party reasonably may be deemed to conflict with the
interests of the Company, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to select a separate counsel and to assume such legal defense and otherwise to participate in the defense of such action, with the expenses and fees of such separate counsel
and other expenses related to such participation to be reimbursed by the Company as incurred. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not settle any indemnified claim without the written consent of the Indemnified
Party, unless the settlement thereof imposes no liability or obligation on, and includes a complete release from liability of, and does not include any admission of wrongdoing or malfeasance by, the Indemnified Party. 

10. Miscellaneous. 

10.1
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by an Investor party hereto without the prior written consent of the Company or by the Company without the prior written consent of all of the Investors, as applicable; provided,
however, that an Investor may assign its rights and delegate its duties hereunder in whole or in part to an Affiliate without the prior written consent of the Company, provided such assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the provisions hereof
that apply to Investors. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective permitted successors and assigns of the parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the
Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, share exchange or similar business combination transaction in which the Common Stock is converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction,
such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term Common Shares,
Preferred Shares, and/or Conversion Shares shall be deemed to refer to the securities received by the Investors in exchange therefor in connection with such transaction. Nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective permitted successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in
this Agreement. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 24

10.2 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. ESIGN Act of 2000,
e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

10.3 Titles and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered
in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 

10.4 Notices. All notices and other communications under this Agreement must be in
writing and are deemed duly delivered when (a) delivered if delivered personally or by nationally recognized overnight courier service (costs prepaid); (b) sent, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and
if not sent during normal business hours, then on the first Business Day following such transmission; or (c) received or rejected by the addressee, if sent by United States of America certified or registered mail, return receipt requested;
in each case to the following addresses, facsimile numbers or e-mail addresses and marked to the attention of the individual (by name or title) designated below (or to such other address, facsimile number, e-mail address or individual as a party may designate by notice to the other parties): 

If to the
Company: 

Local Bounti Corporation 

490 Foley Lane 

Hamilton, MT
59840 

Attention: Kathleen Valiasek 

E-mail:

With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP 

222 Berkeley Street, Suite 2000 

Boston, MA 02116 

Attention:
Albert Vanderlaan 

E-mail:

If to U.S. Bounti, LLC: 

to the
address set forth on the signature pages hereto with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

McDermott Will & Emery LLP

One Vanderbilt Avenue 

New
York, NY 10017-3852 

Attention: Todd Kornfeld 

E-mail:

and 

CHS Management Group, LLC

PO Box 2226 

Palm Beach,
FL 33480 

Attention: Rebecca E. Renzas 

E-mail:

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 25

If to Charles R. Schwab, Jr, to the address set forth on the signature pages hereto. 

10.5 Expenses. Other than as set forth in Section 6.6, the parties hereto shall pay their own costs and
expenses in connection herewith, regardless of whether the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated; it being understood that each of the Company and each Investor has relied on the advice of its own respective counsel. 

10.6 Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived
(either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Investors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may not be amended and the observance of
any term of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such amendment or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with
this paragraph shall be binding upon each holder of any Common Shares, Preferred Shares, or Conversion Shares, purchased under this Agreement at the time outstanding, and in each case, each future holder of all such Common Shares, Preferred Shares,
or Conversion Shares and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, any provision herein requiring the calculation of the number of Securities as of any date, or the computation of a percentage of Securities, shall be deemed to refer to (a) the
number of Common Shares, Preferred Shares and Conversion Shares constituting Securities as of such date, and (b) in the case of Preferred Shares, to the number of Conversion Shares into which the Preferred Shares may be converted. 

10.7 Publicity. Except as set forth below, no public release or announcement concerning the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
issued by the Company or any of the Investors without the prior written consent of the Company (in the case of a release or announcement by the Investors) or the Required Investors (in the case of a release or announcement by the Company) (which
consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), except as such release or announcement may be required by law or the applicable rules or regulations of any securities exchange or securities market. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
Investor may identify the Company and the value of such Investors security holdings in the Company in accordance with applicable investment reporting and disclosure regulations or internal policies without prior notice to or consent from the
Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt, filings pursuant to Sections 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act). No later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fourth Business Day following the date of this Agreement, the Company
will file a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing all material terms of transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Credit Agreement and attaching copies of the Transaction Documents (the Form
8-K). 

10.8 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof but shall be interpreted as if it were written so as to be
enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by
applicable law, the parties hereby waive any provision of law which renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 26

10.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the signature pages, exhibits
and schedules thereto, and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereof with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and representations, both
oral and written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

10.10 Further Assurances. The parties
shall execute and deliver all such further instruments and documents and take all such other actions as may reasonably be required to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and to evidence the fulfillment of the agreements herein contained.

10.11 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement (including all matters concerning the
construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation hereof) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof. Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (together, the Delaware Courts) for the purpose of any suit, action,
proceeding or judgment relating to or arising out of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Service of process in connection with any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on each party hereto anywhere in the world by the
same methods as are specified for the giving of notices under this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of any Delaware Court in any such suit, action or proceeding and to the laying of venue in such court.
Each party hereto irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such courts and irrevocably waives any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any Delaware Court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum. To the extent that the Company has or hereafter may acquire any immunity (on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise) from the jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its
property, the Company irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, such immunity in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WITH RESPECT
TO THIS AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO THIS WAIVER. 

10.12 Independent Nature of
Investors Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Investor under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way
for the performance of the obligations of any other Investor under any Transaction Document. The decision of each Investor to purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction Documents has been made by such Investor independently of any other
Investor. Nothing contained herein or in any Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or
create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Investor acknowledges that no other Investor has acted as
agent for such Investor in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no Investor will be acting as agent of such Investor in connection with monitoring its investment in the Securities or enforcing its rights under the Transaction
Documents. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any
other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. 

10.13 Interpretation. Wherever required by
the context of this Agreement, the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa, and references to any agreement, document or instrument shall be deemed to
refer to such agreement, document or instrument as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. All article, section, paragraph or clause references not attributed to a particular document shall be references to such parts of this Agreement,
and all exhibit, annex, letter and schedule references not attributed to a 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 27

particular document shall be references to such exhibits, annexes, letters and schedules to this Agreement. In addition, the word or is not exclusive; the words including,
includes, included and include are deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; and the terms herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar
import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section, paragraph or subdivision. 

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank] 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 28

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement or caused their duly authorized
officers to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION

By: /s/ Craig Hurlbert

Name: Craig Hurlbert

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 

Signature pages for Investors follow] 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 29

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement or caused their duly authorized
officers to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

INVESTOR: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Investor Information

Entity Name:

Address for Notices:

Contact Person:

Telephone:

Email:

Correspondence Address Only

(if different from address for notices):

Tax ID #:

Name in which Securities should be issued:

. 

LB | Securities Purchase Agreement Page 30

EXHIBIT A 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTORS 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF SERIES A CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF SUPPORT AGREEMENT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d854627dex105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

Among 

LOCAL BOUNTI
CORPORATION 

And 

THE INVESTORS PARTY HERETO 

Dated as of March 31, 2025 

INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

This INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among Local Bounti Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the Company), Cargill, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (together with Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., Cargill), U.S. Bounti, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
(U.S. Bounti) and Charles R. Schwab, Jr., an individual (Mr. Schwab and, with Cargill and U.S. Bounti, the IRA Investors; Mr. Schwab and U.S. Bounti are referred to
herein together as the Investors). 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Investors entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Investors, and the Investors agreed to purchase from the Company, shares of the Companys common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and shares of the Companys Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred
Stock), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the Company and Cargill
Financial Services International, Inc. entered into amended and restated warrants, dated as of the date hereof, to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,408,145 shares of Common Stock (the Warrants); and 

WHEREAS, it is a condition to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (the Closing) that the
Company and the IRA Investors enter into this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the agreements contained
in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound by this Agreement, the Company and the IRA Investors agree as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have
the respective meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1: 

Adverse Disclosure means the public disclosure of material non-public information
that, in the good faith judgment of the independent members of the Board (after consultation with the IRA Investors and legal counsel), (i) would be required to be made in any registration statement filed with the SEC by the Company so that such
registration statement would not be materially misleading under applicable securities laws, (ii) would not be required to be made at such time but for the filing, effectiveness or continued use of such registration statement and (iii) the
Company has a bona fide business purpose for not disclosing publicly. 

affiliate of a specified person means a person
who, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified person. 

Blackout Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 

Blackout Period Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 

Block Trade means a registered offering and/or sale of Registrable Securities by any Investor on a coordinated or
underwritten basis commonly known as a block trade (whether firm commitment or otherwise) not involving a roadshow or other substantial marketing efforts prior to pricing, including, without limitation, a same day trade, overnight trade
or similar transaction. 

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Business Day means a day, (a) other than a Saturday, a Sunday and (b) a day that is a legal holiday under the
laws of the State of New York or Minnesota or is a day on which banking institutions in such state are authorized or required by law to close. 

1 

Cargill Board Observer shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9(d). 

Cargill Director shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9(a). 

Cargill Ownership Threshold shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9(a).

Closing shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share. 

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 

Confidential Information means any and all non-public information concerning the
Company that has been or is furnished to the IRA Investors (regardless of the manner in which it is furnished, including without limitation in written or electronic format or orally, gathered by visual inspection or otherwise) by or on behalf of the
Company, together with the portions of any documents created by the IRA Investors or their applicable representatives that contain such information, other than information that (i) is or has become generally available to the public other than
as a result of a direct or indirect disclosure by the IRA Investors or their applicable representatives in violation of this Agreement, (ii) was within the IRA Investors or any of their representatives lawful possession prior to its
being furnished to the IRA Investors by or on behalf of the Company and was not subject, to the terms of any other non-disclosure or confidentiality agreement with the Company or its representatives, in their
capacity as such, that is binding on the IRA Investors and/or such representatives of the IRA Investors, as applicable, the terms of which would otherwise prohibit such disclosure, (iii) is received from a source other than the IRA Investors or
any of their respective representatives; provided, that in the case of each of (ii) and (iii) above, the source of such information was not known by the IRA Investors to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other contractual, legal
or fiduciary obligation of confidentiality to the Company with respect to such information at the time the same was disclosed, or (iv) is independently developed by the IRA Investors or any of their respective representative without breach of
this Agreement. 

control (including the terms controlled by and under common control with)
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, partnership interests or other ownership interests, as
trustee or executor, by contract or credit arrangement or otherwise. 

Conversion Shares means the Series A Conversion
Shares. 

Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement dated as of September 3, 2021 (as amended by the
Restructuring Agreement, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) between Local Bounti Operating Company LLC (Opco) and certain subsidiaries thereof, as borrowers, and the Senior
Lender, as lender. 

Cut Back Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e). 

Effectiveness Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Filing Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a). 

Freely Tradable means, with respect to any security, a security that (i) is eligible to be sold by the holder thereof
without any volume or manner of sale restrictions under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 144 thereunder without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 or any other rule
of similar effect, as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the transfer agent for the Common Stock and the affected Investors, (ii) bears no legends restricting
the transfer thereof and (iii) bears an unrestricted CUSIP number (to the extent such security is issued in global form). 

2 

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 12(c). 

Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 12(c). 

Initial Cargill Ownership Threshold shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9(a).

Initial Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a). 

Initial U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 10(a). 

Inspectors shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7(k). 

Investor shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor Indemnitee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(a). 

Investors Counsel shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b). 

Law means any U.S. or non-U.S. law, including any statute, ordinance, regulation,
rule, code, executive order, injunction, judgment, decree or other order of a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction. 

Maintenance Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d). 

Non-Party Affiliates shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 17(k). 

Other Securities shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4(a). 

Permitted Holders means (i) the IRA Investors affiliates and any
partners or members of the IRA Investors or such affiliates, and their respective partners, members and affiliates, in each case holding Registrable Securities as a result of one or more distributions by the IRA Investors or any of such Persons,
(ii) any successor entity of the IRA Investors or any Person described in the foregoing clause (i), (iii) any Family or Estate-Planning Transferee, and (iv) any Person consented to in writing by the Company. 

Person shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

Piggyback Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

Piggyback Registration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 

prospectus means the prospectus included in a registration statement (including a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the
offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the prospectus, including post-effective amendments. 

Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 

3 

Register, registered, and
registration shall refer to a registration effected by preparing and (i) filing a registration statement with the SEC in compliance with the Securities Act and applicable rules and regulations thereunder, and the declaration
or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement by the SEC or (ii) filing a prospectus and/or prospectus supplement in respect of an appropriate effective registration statement. 

Registrable Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to U.S. Bounti and
Mr. Schwab, (ii) shares of Common Stock issuable (directly or indirectly) upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Schwab, a U.S. Bounti Holder or any Permitted Holder thereof, (iii) shares of Common Stock
issuable (directly or indirectly) upon exercise of the Warrants, (iv) any shares of Common Stock hereafter acquired by Cargill, Mr. Schwab, a U.S. Bounti Holder or any Permitted Holder thereof, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
shares of Common Stock issuable (directly or indirectly) upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, (v) any shares of Common Stock owned by affiliates of U.S. Bounti and Cargill, and (vi) any securities issued as (or issuable upon
the conversion or exercise of any warrant, right or other security that is issued as) a dividend, stock split, recapitalization or other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for, or in replacement of, the Common Stock referenced in clauses
(i) through (v) above; provided that the term Registrable Securities shall exclude in all cases any securities (x) that are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or publicly resold
in compliance with Rule 144, or (y) that shall have ceased to be outstanding. Solely for purposes of determining at any time whether any Registrable Securities are then held, outstanding or transferred, the Series A Preferred Stock shall be
treated on an as-converted basis (without regard to any limitation on conversion in its Certificate of Designations), as Registrable Securities. 

Registration Expenses shall mean, with respect to any registration and without limitation, (i) all SEC, stock
exchange, FINRA and other registration and filing fees, (ii) all fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to any underwriter incurred in connection with
blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities as may be set forth in any underwriting agreement), (iii) all word processing, duplicating and printing expenses, messenger and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the
Company and all independent public accountants, (v) fees paid to other Persons retained by the Company, (vi) the Companys internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees
performing legal or accounting duties), (vii) the expenses of any annual audit or quarterly review or comfort letter, (viii) the expenses (including premiums) of any liability or other insurance and (ix) the expenses and fees for listing
the securities to be registered on each securities exchange on which the same class of securities issued by the Company are then listed. 

Registration Statement means any registration statement that is required to register the resale of Registrable Securities
under this Agreement, including the related prospectus and any pre- and post-effective amendments and supplements to each such registration statement or prospectus. 

Requisite Investors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16. 

Restructuring Agreement means the Restructuring Agreement and Eleventh Amendment to Senior Credit Agreement of even date
herewith among the Company, Opco, certain subsidiaries of Opco, the Senior Lender and other parties thereto. 

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Restrictions shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2(e).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Securities means collectively, Registrable Securities. 

Selling Expenses shall mean all underwriting discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes, if any, applicable to
the sale of Registrable Securities and all related fees and expenses of the IRA Investors (other than such fees and expenses included in Registration Expenses). 

4 

Senior Lender means Cargill Financial Services International, Inc., a
Delaware corporation. 

Series A Conversion Shares means the shares of Common Stock then issued or issuable upon
conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble
of this Agreement. 

Subsidiary shall mean any company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, joint
stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity at least 50% of the voting capital stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 

Suspension Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(d). 

Underwriter Cutback shall have the meeting set forth in Section 4(b). 

U.S. Bounti Board Observer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(d). 

U.S. Bounti Director shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

U.S. Bounti Holder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a). 

U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

Section 2. Resale Registration Rights. 

(a) No later than ninety (90) calendar days after the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Filing
Deadline), the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC one registration statement on Form S-3 (the Initial Registration Statement) covering the resale of all of the Registrable
Securities not currently registered. Such Registration Statement shall cover, to the extent allowable under the Securities Act and the rules promulgated thereunder (including Rule 416), such indeterminate number of additional shares of Common Stock
resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions with respect to the Registrable Securities. If Form S-3 is not then available for the registration of the resale of the Registrable
Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form such as Form S-1 and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on
Form S-3, as soon as such form is available, provided, that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement then in effect until such time as a registration
statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the SEC. 

(b) The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC at the earliest
possible date but no later than the earlier of the 75th calendar day following the initial filing date of the Initial Registration Statement, if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Initial Registration Statement, and
(b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (the
Effectiveness Deadline), and in any event, will notify the Investors via email within twenty-four (24) hours after any Registration Statement is declared effective and shall simultaneously provide the Investors with access to
a copy of any related Prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep the Initial Registration Statement continuously effective pursuant
to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) the date on which the
Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered by the applicable Registration Statement; and (ii) the date on which the Registrable Securities may be resold by the Investors without registration and without regard to any
volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement
under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect, as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the

5 

transfer agent for the Common Stock and the affected Investors. The Company will prepare and file with the SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Initial Registration
Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the sale of all of the
applicable Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the Investors and the Company, may be necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of applicable Registrable Securities by the
Investors. The Initial Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall each not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) If
(i) the Initial Registration Statement has not been filed by the Filing Deadline, (ii) the Initial Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Effectiveness Deadline, or (iii) after any Registration Statement has
been declared effective by the SEC, sales cannot be made pursuant to such Registration Statement for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a stop order, or the Companys failure to update such Registration Statement), but
excluding any Allowed Delay (as defined below) or, if the Registration Statement is on Form S-1, for a period of 20 days following the date on which the Company files a post-effective amendment to incorporate
the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K (a Maintenance Failure), then the Company will make pro rata payments to each Investor then holding Registrable Securities, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, in an amount equal to 1.0% of the aggregate amount paid pursuant to the Purchase Agreement by such Investor for such Registrable Securities then held by such Investor for each
30-day period or pro rata for any portion thereof during which the failure continues (the Blackout Period). Such payments shall constitute the Investors exclusive monetary remedy for
such events, but shall not affect the right of the Investors to seek injunctive relief. The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid in cash no later than five Business Days after each such 30-day period following the commencement of the Blackout Period until the termination of the Blackout Period (the Blackout Period Payment Date). Interest shall accrue at the rate of 1.0% per month
on any such liquidated damages payments that shall not be paid by the Blackout Period Payment Date until such amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the aggregate amount of liquidated damages (or interest thereon) paid
under this Agreement to any Investor exceed, in the aggregate, 5.0% of the aggregate purchase price of the Securities (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) purchased by such Investor under the Purchase Agreement. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) the Company shall not be required to file a Registration Statement (or
any amendment thereto) or, if a Registration Statement has been filed but not declared effective by the SEC, request effectiveness of such Registration Statement, for a period of up to forty-five (45) days, if (A) the Company determines in
good faith that a postponement is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders generally due to a pending transaction involving the Company (including a pending securities offering by the Company, or any proposed financing, acquisition,
merger, tender offer, business combination, corporate reorganization, consolidation or other significant transaction involving the Company), (B) the Company determines such registration would render the Company unable to comply with applicable
securities laws, (C) the Company determines such registration would require disclosure of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential, or (D) audited financial statements as of a
date other than the fiscal year end of the Company would be required to be prepared; and (ii) the Company may, upon written notice to any holder of Registrable Securities included in a Registration Statement, suspend the use of any Registration
Statement, including any Prospectus that forms a part of a Registration Statement, if the Company (X) determines that it would be required to make disclosure of material information in the Registration Statement that the Company has a bona fide
business purpose for preserving as confidential, (Y) the Company determines it must amend or supplement the Registration Statement or the related Prospectus so that such Registration Statement or Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the Prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (Z) the
Company has experienced or is experiencing some other material non-public event, including a pending transaction involving the Company, the disclosure of which at such time, in the good faith judgment of the
Company, would adversely affect the Company; provided, however, in no event shall holders of Registrable Securities be suspended from selling Registrable Securities pursuant to the 

6 

Registration Statement for a period that exceeds 30 consecutive Trading Days or 60 total Trading Days in any 12-month period (any such suspension
contemplated by this Section 2(e), an Allowed Delay). Upon disclosure of such information or the termination of the condition described above, the Company shall provide prompt notice to holders whose
Registrable Securities are included in the Registration Statement and shall promptly terminate any suspension of sales it has put into effect and shall take such other reasonable actions to permit registered sales of Registrable Securities as
contemplated hereby. 

(e) If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable Securities in a
Registration Statement are not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 under the Securities Act or requires any Investor to be named as an underwriter, the Company shall (i) promptly
notify each holder of Registrable Securities thereof and (ii) make commercially reasonable efforts to persuade the SEC that the offering contemplated by such Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or
on behalf of the issuer as defined in Rule 415 and that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The Investors shall have the right to select one legal counsel, at such Investors expense, to review and oversee any
registration or matters pursuant to this Section 2(e), including participation in any meetings or discussions with the SEC regarding the SECs position and to comment on any written submission made to the SEC with
respect thereto. No such written submission with respect to this matter shall be made to the SEC to which the Investors counsel reasonably objects. In the event that, despite the Companys commercially reasonable efforts and compliance
with the terms of this Section 2(e), the SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall (i) remove from such Registration Statement such portion of the Registrable Securities (the Cut Back
Shares) as provided below and/or (ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as the SEC may require to assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule
415 (collectively, the SEC Restrictions). Unless otherwise directed in writing by a holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as
follows (unless the SEC Restrictions otherwise require or provide or the holders otherwise agree): 

(i) First, the Company
shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities; 

(ii) Second, in the case of the
Initial Registration Statement, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Series A Conversion Shares (applied, in the case that some Series A Conversion Shares may be registered, to the Investors on a pro rata basis based on the
total number of unregistered Series A Conversion Shares held by such Investors); and 

(iii) Third, the Company shall reduce
Registrable Securities represented by shares of Common Stock (applied, in the case that some shares of Common Stock may be registered, to the Investors on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Common Shares held by such
Investors). 

Section 3. Demand Registration. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 2(d), if at any time following the
Closing Date, the Company receives a written request from the applicable IRA Investor that the Company register under the Securities Act Registrable Securities representing at least 20% of the Registrable Securities held by Cargill, U.S. Bounti,
Mr. Schwab or their respective Permitted Holders, then the Company shall file, as promptly as reasonably practicable but no later than the Filing Deadline, a Registration Statement under the Securities Act covering all Registrable Securities
that such IRA Investor requests to be registered. If Form S-3 is not then available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the
Registrable Securities on another appropriate form such as Form S-1 and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, as soon as such form is
available, provided, that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or covering the Registrable
Securities has been declared effective by the SEC. 

7 

(b) If any IRA Investor intends to distribute the Registrable Securities covered by their
request by means of an underwriting, (i) such IRA Investor shall so advise the Company as a part of its request made pursuant to Section 3(a) and (ii) the IRA Investor shall have the right to appoint the
book-running, managing and other underwriter(s) after consultation with the Company. 

(c) The Company shall not be required to effect a
registration pursuant to this Section 3: (i) after the Company has effected three registrations pursuant to this Section 3, and each of such registrations has been declared or ordered
effective and kept effective by the Company as required by Section 7(a); or (ii) more than twice during any single calendar year; provided, however, that a request for registration will not count for the
purposes of this limitation if (x) the applicable IRA Investors determine in good faith to withdraw (prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement relating to such request) the proposed registration, or (y) the Registration
Statement relating to such request is not declared effective within the Effectiveness Deadline. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, (1) upon notice to the IRA Investors, the Company may delay the filing and/or the Effectiveness Deadline with respect to, or suspend the effectiveness or availability of, any Registration Statement filed pursuant to
this Section 3 for up to ninety (90) days in the aggregate in any twelve-month period (a Suspension Period) if the Company would have to make an Adverse Disclosure in connection with the Registration
Statement ; provided that (i) any suspension of a Registration Statement pursuant to Section 8(a) or Section 7(j) shall be treated as a Suspension Period for purposes of calculating the
maximum number of days of any Suspension Period under this Section 3(d) and (ii) no Suspension Period may overlap with any redemption pursuant to the Certificate of Designations through the date that is thirty
(30) Business Days following any such redemption; and (2) upon notice to the IRA Investors, the Company may delay the filing and/or the Effectiveness Deadline with respect to any Registration Statement for a period not to exceed thirty
(30) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate of the launch date of, and ninety (90) days after the closing date of, a Company initiated registered offering of equity securities (including equity securities convertible into or
exchangeable for Common Stock); provided that (i) the Company is actively employing in good faith all commercially reasonable efforts to launch such registered offering throughout such period, (ii) the IRA Investors and their
respective Permitted Holders are afforded the opportunity to include Registrable Securities in such registered offering in accordance with Section 4 and (iii) the right to delay or suspend the effectiveness or
availability of such Registration Statement pursuant to this clause (2) shall not be exercised by the Company more than two (2) times in any twelve-month period and not more than ninety (90) days in the aggregate in any twelve-month
period. If the Company shall delay any filing pursuant to this Section 3(d) for more than ten (10) Business Days, the applicable IRA Investors may withdraw the demand therefor at any time after such ten
(10) Business Days so long as such delay is then continuing by providing written notice to the Company to such effect, and any demand so withdrawn shall not count as a demand for registration for any purpose under this
Section 3, including Section 3(c). 

(e) The Company shall use reasonable best efforts
to have each Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Section 3 declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date but no later than the earlier of the 90th calendar day following the initial filing date of
such Registration Statement, if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the applicable Effectiveness Deadline, and in any event, will notify the IRA Investors
via email within twenty-four (24) hours after any Registration Statement is declared effective and shall simultaneously provide the IRA Investors with access to a copy of any related Prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other
disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the IRA
Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) the date on which the IRA Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby by the
applicable Registration Statement; and (ii) the date on which the Registrable Securities may be resold by the IRA Investors without registration and without regard to any volume or
manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule
144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect, as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the transfer agent for the Common Stock and the affected IRA
Investors. The Company will prepare and file with the SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) may be necessary to keep such Registration
Statement effective and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and 

8 

the Exchange Act with respect to the sale of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the IRA Investors and the Company, may be necessary or
advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities by the IRA Investors. The Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall each not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the managing underwriter(s) of an underwritten offering in connection with any registration pursuant to
this Section 3 advises the Company and the IRA Investors in writing that, in its good faith judgment, the number of Registrable Securities requested to be included in such offering exceeds the number of Registrable
Securities which can be sold in such offering at a price acceptable to the IRA Investors, then the number of Registrable Securities so requested to be included in such offering shall be reduced to that number of shares which, in the good faith
judgment of the managing underwriter, can be sold in such offering at such price. 

Section 4. Piggyback
Registration. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if at any time the Company files a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company (such Common Stock and other equity securities collectively, Other Securities), whether or not for sale for
its own account (other than a registration statement (i) on Form S-4, Form S-8 or any successor forms, (ii) filed solely in connection with any employee
benefit or dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) pursuant to a demand registration in accordance with Section 3), then the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to give written notice of such filing to the
IRA Investors at least ten (10) Business Days before the anticipated filing date (the Piggyback Notice). The Piggyback Notice and the contents thereof shall be kept confidential by the IRA Investors and their respective
affiliates and representatives, and the IRA Investors shall be responsible for breaches of confidentiality by their respective affiliates and representatives. The Piggyback Notice shall offer the IRA Investors and the Permitted Holders the
opportunity to include in such registration statement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the number of Registrable Securities as the IRA Investors may reasonably request (a Piggyback Registration).
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to include in each such Piggyback Registration all Registrable Securities with respect to which the Company has received from the IRA
Investors written requests for inclusion therein within ten (10) Business Days following receipt of any Piggyback Notice by the IRA Investors, which request shall specify the maximum number of Registrable Securities intended to be disposed of
by the IRA Investors and any Permitted Holder and the intended method of distribution. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company may not commence or permit the commencement of any sale of
Other Securities in a public offering to which this Section 4 applies unless the IRA Investors shall have received the Piggyback Notice in respect to such public offering not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to
the commencement of such sale of Other Securities. The IRA Investors and any Permitted Holder shall be permitted to withdraw all or part of the Registrable Securities from a Piggyback Registration at any time at least two (2) Business Days
prior to the effective date of the registration statement relating to such Piggyback Registration. No Piggyback Registration shall count towards the number of demand registrations that the IRA Investors are entitled to make in any period or in total
pursuant to Section 3. 

(b) If any Other Securities are to be sold in an underwritten offering, (1) the
Company or other Persons designated by the Company shall have the right to appoint the book-running, managing and other underwriter(s) for such offering in their discretion and (2) the IRA Investors and any Permitted Holder shall be permitted
to include all Registrable Securities requested by the IRA Investors to be included in such registration in such underwritten offering on the same terms and conditions as such Other Securities proposed by the Company or any third party to be
included in such offering; provided, however, that if such offering involves an underwritten offering and the managing underwriter(s) of such underwritten offering advise the Company in writing that it is their good faith opinion that
the total amount of Registrable Securities requested to be so included, together with all Other Securities that the Company and any other Persons having rights to participate in such registration intend to include in such offering (an
Underwriter Cutback), exceeds the total number or dollar amount of such securities that can 

9 

be sold without having an adverse effect on the price, timing or distribution of the Registrable Securities to be so included together with all Other Securities, then there shall be included in
such firm commitment underwritten offering the number or dollar amount of Registrable Securities and such Other Securities that in the good faith opinion of such managing underwriter(s) can be sold without so adversely affecting such offering, and
such number of Registrable Securities and Other Securities shall be allocated for inclusion as follows: (x) to the extent such public offering is the result of a registration initiated by the Company, (i) first, all Other Securities
being sold by the Company; (ii) second, all Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration by the IRA Investors and (iii) third all Other Securities of any holders thereof (other than the Company and the
IRA Investors) requesting inclusion in such registration, or (y) to the extent such public offering is the result of a registration initiated by any Persons (other than the Company or the IRA Investors) exercising a contractual right to demand
registration, (i) first, pro rata among all Other Securities owned by such Persons exercising the contractual right and all Registrable Securities requested by the IRA Investors to be included in such registration , (ii)
second, all Other Securities of any holders thereof (other than the IRA Investors, the Company and the Persons exercising the contractual right) requesting inclusion in such registration, pro rata, based on the aggregate number of Other
Securities beneficially owned by each such holder; and (iii) third, all Other Securities being sold by the Company. 

Section 5. Block Trades. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the IRA Investors
desire to effect a Block Trade, then the IRA Investors shall provide written notice to the Company at least five (5) business days prior to the date such Block Trade will commence. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
facilitate such Block Trade, provided that the IRA Investors engaging in such Block Trade use their reasonable best efforts to work with the Company (including by disclosing the maximum number of Registrable Securities proposed to be the subject of
such Block Trade) in order to facilitate preparation of the Registration Statement, Prospectus and other offering documentation related to the Block Trade and any related due diligence and comfort procedures. In the event of a Block Trade, and after
consultation with the Company, the IRA Investors shall determine the maximum number of Registrable Securities, the underwriter or underwriters (which shall consist of one or more reputable nationally recognized investment banks) and share price of
such offering. 

Section 6. Expenses of Registration. 

(a) Except as specifically provided for in this Agreement, all Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any registration,
qualification or compliance hereunder shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses incurred in connection with any registration hereunder, shall be borne by the IRA Investors in proportion to the number of Registrable Securities for which
registration was requested. The Company shall not, however, be required to reimburse the IRA Investors or Permitted Holders, as applicable, for any Registration Expenses incurred by them for any registration proceeding begun pursuant to
Section 3, the request of which has been subsequently withdrawn by the IRA Investors unless (a) the withdrawal is based upon materially adverse circumstances or conditions or material adverse information concerning the
Company or its Subsidiaries that (i) the Company had not publicly disclosed in a report filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act at least three (3) Business Days prior to the request or (ii) the Company had not
disclosed to the Cargill Director(s), Cargill Board Observers, U.S. Bounti Director(s) or U.S. Bounti Board Observers in person or by telephone at the last meeting of the Board or any committee of the Board, in each case, at which the Cargill
Director(s), Cargill Board Observers, U.S. Bounti Director(s) and/or U.S. Bounti Board Observers are present or at any time since the date of such meeting of the Board, (b) the withdrawal is made in accordance with the last sentence of
Section 3(d), or (c) the IRA Investors agree to forfeit their right to one requested registration pursuant to Section 3. 

(b) In connection with each registration pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, in addition to the Registration Expenses
payable pursuant to Section 6(a), the Company will reimburse Cargill and U.S. Bounti for the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than two United States counsel, one of whom will be chosen by U.S. Bounti and one of
whom will be chosen by Cargill, in their sole discretion (Investors Counsel). 

(c) The
Companys payment of fees and expenses of the IRA Investors pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above shall not exceed $100,000. 

10 

Section 7. Obligations of the Company. Whenever
required to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2 (as to Section 2 this will apply only to Investors and not IRA Investors), Section 3 or
Section 4 of this Agreement, the Company shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable: 

(a) With respect to a
registration pursuant to Section 2 or Section 3 of this Agreement, prepare and as soon as practicable file with the SEC a Registration Statement (including all required exhibits to such
Registration Statement ) with respect to such Registrable Securities and use reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective, or prepare and file with the SEC a prospectus supplement with respect to such Registrable
Securities pursuant to an effective Registration Statement and keep such Registration Statement effective or such prospectus supplement current, in the case of a registration pursuant to Section 2,
Section 3, or Section 4, in accordance with Section 2, Section 3, or Section 4, as applicable. 

(b) Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to the applicable Registration Statement and the prospectus or prospectus
supplement used in connection with such Registration Statement as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such Registration Statement for the period required
by Section 2, Section 3 or Section 4 of this Agreement (including any extension provided for therein). 

(c) Not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the filing of a Registration Statement or any related prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto, the Company shall furnish to the IRA Investors and Investors Counsel copies of all such documents proposed to be filed and give reasonable consideration to the inclusion in such documents of any comments reasonably and
timely made by the IRA Investors or their legal counsel; provided that the Company shall include in such documents any such comments that are necessary to correct any material misstatement or omission regarding the IRA Investors. 

(d) Furnish to the IRA Investors and Investors Counsel such number of copies of the applicable Registration Statement and each such
amendment and supplement thereto (including upon request in each case all exhibits but not documents incorporated by reference) and of a prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, and
such other documents as the IRA Investors may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities by the IRA Investors and Permitted Holders. The Company hereby consents to the use of such prospectus and each
amendment or supplement thereto by the IRA Investors and any participating Permitted Holder in accordance with applicable Law in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such prospectus and any amendment or
supplement thereto. 

(e) Prior to any offering of Common Stock pursuant to the Registration Statement , the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) arrange for the qualification of the Common Stock for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such states of the United States as the IRA Investors shall reasonably request and shall
maintain such qualification in effect so long as required to enable the Investors to consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Common Stock, and (ii) reasonably cooperate with the IRA Investors in connection with any filings
required to be made with FINRA; provided, that in no event shall the Company be obligated to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified or to take any action that would subject it to taxation or service of
process in suits, other than those arising out of any offering pursuant to the Registration Statement, in any jurisdiction where it is not then so subject. 

(f) Enter customary agreements and take such other actions as are reasonably required in order to facilitate the disposition of such
Registrable Securities, including, if the method of distribution of Registrable Securities is by means of an underwritten offering, using commercially reasonable efforts to, (i) participate in and make documents available for the reasonable and
customary due diligence review of underwriters during normal business hours, on reasonable advance notice and without undue burden or hardship on the Company; provided that (A) any party receiving confidential materials shall execute a
confidentiality agreement on customary terms if reasonably requested by the Company and (B) the Company may in its reasonable discretion restrict access to competitively sensitive or legally privileged documents or information, (ii) cause
the chief executive officer and chief financial officer to be available at reasonable dates and times to participate in road 

11 

show presentations and/or investor conference calls to market the Registrable Securities during normal business hours, on reasonable advance notice and without undue burden or hardship on
the Company or the conduct of the Business of the Company; provided that the aggregate number of days of road show presentations in connection with an underwritten offering of Registrable Securities for each registration pursuant
to a demand made under Section 3 shall not exceed five (5) Business Days and (iii) negotiate and execute an underwriting agreement in customary form with the managing underwriter(s) of such offering and such other
documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements, including using commercially reasonable efforts to procure a customary legal opinion and auditor comfort letters. The IRA Investors shall also enter into
and perform their obligations under any such underwriting agreement. 

(g) Give notice to the IRA Investors as promptly as reasonably
practicable: 

(i) when any Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 or in which
Registrable Securities are included pursuant to Section 4 or any amendment to such Registration Statement has been filed with the SEC and when such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment to such Registration
Statement has become effective; 

(ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to any Registration Statement
(or any information incorporated by reference in, or exhibits to, such Registration Statement ) filed pursuant to Section 3 or in which Registrable Securities are included pursuant to Section 4 or
the prospectus (including information incorporated by reference in such prospectus) included in such Registration Statement or for additional information; 

(iii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement filed pursuant to
Section 3 or in which Registrable Securities are included pursuant to Section 4 or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; 

(iv) of the receipt by the Company or its legal counsel of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification
of the Common Stock for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and 

(v) of the occurrence of any event that requires the Company to make changes to any effective Registration Statement or the
prospectus so that, as of such date, they (A) do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact and (B) do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of the
prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading). 

(h) Use its commercially reasonable efforts to
prevent the issuance or obtain the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement referred to in Section 7(g)(iii) at the earliest practicable time. 

(i) Upon request, furnish to the IRA Investors, without charge, at least one copy of the Registration Statement and any post-effective
amendment thereto, and, if the IRA Investors so request in writing, all exhibits thereto. 

(j) Upon the occurrence of any event
contemplated by subsections (g)(iii) through (v) above, the Company shall promptly prepare and file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or an amendment or supplement to the related prospectus or file any other
required document to remedy the basis for any suspension of the Registration Statement and so that, as thereafter delivered to any sales or placement agents or underwriters acting on the IRA Investors behalf, the prospectus will not include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies
the IRA Investors in accordance with subsections (g)(iii) through (v) above to suspend the use of the prospectus until the requisite changes to the prospectus have been made, then the IRA Investors shall suspend the use of such
prospectus and use its commercially reasonable efforts to return to the Company all copies of such prospectus (at the Companys expense) other than permanent file copies then in the IRA Investors or their respective representatives
possession; provided that such suspension shall be treated as a Suspension Period for purposes of calculating the maximum number of days of any Suspension Period under Section 3(d). 

12 

(k) Use all commercially reasonable efforts to furnish or make available (and cause the
Companys officers, directors, employees and independent public accountants to furnish or make available) upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours, for inspection by the IRA Investors, Investors Counsel, any underwriter
participating in any disposition pursuant to such Registration Statement and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any such seller or underwriter (collectively the Inspectors), all pertinent financial and other
records, pertinent documents and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as shall be reasonably necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such Inspector in connection with such Registration Statement. Records that the Company determines, in good
faith, to be confidential and which it notifies the Inspectors are confidential shall not be disclosed by the Inspectors (and the Inspectors shall confirm their agreement in writing in advance to the Company if the Company shall so request) unless
(A) the disclosure of such Records is necessary, in the Inspectors judgment, to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in the Registration Statement, (B) the release of such records is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other
order from a court of competent jurisdiction after compliance with the last sentence of this clause (k) or (C) the information in such records was known to the Inspectors on a nonconfidential basis prior to its
disclosure by the Company or has been made generally available to the public. The IRA Investors agree that they shall, upon learning that disclosure of such records is sought in a court of competent jurisdiction, give notice to the Company and allow
the Company, at the Companys expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of the records deemed confidential. 

(l)
Keep Investors and Investors Counsel advised in writing as to the initiation and, as appropriate, of the progress of any registration under Section 3 or Section 4 and provide Investors
Counsel with all correspondence with the SEC in connection with any such Registration Statement. 

(m) No later than the effective date of
any Registration Statement, use commercially reasonable efforts to procure the cooperation of the Companys transfer agent for settling any offering or sale of Registrable Securities, including with respect to the transfer of physical stock
certificates into book-entry form in accordance with any procedures reasonably requested by the IRA Investors or the managing underwriter(s). In connection therewith, if reasonably required by the Companys transfer agent, the Company shall
promptly after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement cause an opinion of counsel as to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be delivered to and maintained with its transfer agent, together with any other authorizations,
certificates and directions required by the transfer agent which authorize and direct the transfer agent to issue such Registrable Securities without legend upon sale by the holder of such shares of Registrable Securities under the Registration
Statement. 

(n) Use its reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken all other actions, and do and cause to be done all other
things, necessary or reasonably advisable in the opinion of the IRA Investors to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities contemplated hereby. 

Section 8. Suspension of Sales. 

(a) Upon receipt of written notice from the Company pursuant to Section 7(g)(v), the IRA Investors (and any
participating Permitted Holder) shall immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until the IRA Investors (i) have received copies of a supplemented or amended prospectus or prospectus supplement pursuant to
Section 7(j) or (ii) is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the prospectus and, if applicable, prospectus supplement may be resumed, and, if so directed by the Company, the IRA Investors shall deliver to
the Company (at the Companys expense) all copies, other than permanent file copies then in the IRA Investors possession, of the prospectus and, if applicable, prospectus supplement covering such Registrable Securities current at the time
of receipt of such notice. 

13 

Section 9. Cargill Director and Board Observer
Right. 

(a) For so long as: 

(i) (A) Cargill and its affiliates hold (I) at least $50.0 million outstanding under the Credit Agreement or
(II) own at least fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock of the Company (treating all warrants, options or convertible securities on an as-if converted to Common Stock
basis) (the Initial Cargill Stock Threshold) and (B) either (I) and the Initial U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold is met or (II) the Initial Cargill Stock Threshold is met, Cargill shall have the right to appoint two
members to the Board (the Initial Cargill Ownership Threshold), and 

(ii) (A) Cargill and its
affiliates (I) hold at least $50.0 million outstanding under the Credit Agreement or (II) own at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding voting shares of Common stock of the Company (treating all warrants, options or convertible
securities on an as-if converted to Common Stock basis) (the Cargill Stock Threshold) and (B) either (I) the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold is met or (II) the Cargill Stock
Threshold is met (the Cargill Ownership Threshold), Cargill shall have the right to appoint one member to the Board (any directors appointed to the Board pursuant to this Section 9(a), the
Cargill Directors). 

Cargill shall be entitled at each annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company or at any special meeting
called for the purpose of electing directors to elect the Cargill Directors as set forth in this Section 9(a). The Cargill Directors shall be subject to the classified board of director provisions of Article VI of the
Certificate of Incorporation with the classification to be made based on the class which provides the Cargill Directors with the longest possible tenure subject to the provisions of the Companys certificate of incorporation. Each Cargill
Director appointed or elected to the Board shall continue to hold office until the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company where such directors tenure ends pursuant to his or her classification and until his or her successor is
elected and qualified in accordance with this Section 9(a) and the Companys bylaws. Cargill shall have the sole right to remove any Cargill Director, subject to the provisions of the Companys certificate of
incorporation. Any vacancy created by the removal, resignation, death, or otherwise of a Cargill Director shall solely be filled by Cargill. In the event Cargill wishes to designate an individual to serve as a Cargill Director to fill a vacancy or
otherwise replace an existing Cargill Director, the Company shall cause the Board and the Nominating Committee to take all action such that the designated individual shall be appointed to the Board effective no later than ten (10) Business Days
following notice from Cargill of the desire to have the individual appointed as a Cargill Director, with such individual to serve until at least the next annual meeting of stockholders. 

(b) Cargill shall be entitled at each annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company where the classification of one of the Cargill
Directors would have its term end or at any special meeting called for the purpose of electing directors to designate one or two members of the Board for so long as the Cargill Ownership Threshold or Initial Cargill Ownership Threshold, as
applicable, is met. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the Cargill Ownership Threshold not being met, Cargill shall not be entitled to elect any members of the Board. 

(c) The Cargill Directors shall be entitled to receive similar compensation, benefits, reimbursement (including of reasonable travel expenses
subject to the provisions of the Companys then current non-employee director compensation program), indemnification and insurance coverage for their service as a director as the other outside directors
of the Company. For so long as the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance, the Company shall include each Cargill Director as an insured for all purposes under such insurance policy for so long as each
Cargill Director is a director of the Company and for the same period as for other former directors of the Company when such Cargill Director ceases to be a director of the Company. In all cases, any Company directors and officers
liability insurance policy or other applicable Company insurance policies, as well as all director indemnification and exculpation provisions of the Company, shall be primary in coverage with any insurance or indemnification provided by Cargill or
other third party to be secondary. Promptly following election to the Board, the Company shall enter into the Companys standard indemnification agreement with each Cargill Director providing for indemnification to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Law. 

14 

(d) For so long as Cargill meets the Cargill Ownership Threshold, it shall have the right to
appoint a person to attend all meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board as an observer (the Cargill Board Observer). Subject to applicable law (including rules on conflicts of interests), a Cargill Board Observer
shall (i) be entitled to participate in the same fashion as if such individual was a director or committee member, without voting rights, in all Board and Board committee meetings, (ii) receive the same information as the other members of
the Board and Board committees, including drafts and final versions of any written consent in lieu of a meeting (and receive such information at the same time), and (iii) be invited to Board and committee meetings at the same time as other
directors. The Cargill Board Observer shall not be entitled to any compensation but shall receive payment of reasonable travel expenses subject to the provisions of the Companys then current non-employee
director compensation program on the same terms as the other outside directors of the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences in this Section 9(d), in the event that Cargill chooses not to designate a person to fill any of the Cargill
Director positions to the Board pursuant to Section 9(a), Cargill shall have the right to designate an additional Cargill Board Observer to attend all meetings of the Board and committees in a nonvoting observer capacity for each Cargill
Director position not filled, and such additional observers shall have the rights and privileges, and shall be subject to the limitations, set out in Sections 9(d), (e) and (f). In such instance, the Cargill Board Observers serving in lieu of the
Cargill Directors shall be entitled to receive similar cash compensation (in no event shall the Cargill Board Observers receive compensation in the form of equity awards), benefits, reimbursement (including of reasonable travel expenses subject to
the provisions of the Companys then current non-employee director compensation program) as the other outside directors of the Company. The maximum number of Cargill Board Observers at any time shall not
exceed two. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have the right to exclude the Cargill Board Observer from all or
portions of any meeting of the Board, or redact from, or withhold from providing the Cargill Board Observer with, certain information or materials in order to, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board, (i) preserve attorney-client,
work product or similar privilege, (ii) not disclose information related to negotiations or disputes arising under the Credit Agreement, any contemplated refinancing of the obligations under the Credit Agreement, or any other agreement related
thereto between the Company, on the one hand, and Cargill, on the other hand, or (iii) allow the Board to discuss material interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe may
present or otherwise involve actual conflicts of interest between the Board, any committee thereof or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, on the one hand, and the Cargill Board Observer or Cargill, on the other hand; provided, however, that
(i) the Company shall provide the Cargill Board Observer with prior written notice that includes the general topic of the excluded information and (ii) the Cargill Board Observer shall only be excluded from such portion of the discussion
or information that directly relates to the applicable exclusion. In the event the Cargill Board Observer shall become a board member, board observer, employee or consultant to a competitor of the Company, Cargill will so notify the Company and
promptly replace such Cargill Board Observer with another individual designated in writing to the Company who would not be disqualified pursuant to this sentence. For purposes of this Agreement, Cargill and its affiliates shall not be deemed a
competitor of the Company. 

(f) The Company hereby expressly permits the Cargill Directors and Cargill Board Observers to share any
information provided by the Company or learned by such individuals in connection with their service as Cargill Directors or Cargill Board Observers with Cargill; provided, that such individuals may not share any information that is attorney-client,
work product or subject to similar privilege. 

Section 10. U.S. Bounti Director and Board Observer
Right. 

(a) For so long as any one of U.S. Bounti, its affiliates or any Family or Estate-Planning Transferees of U.S. Bounti
(each a U.S. Bounti Holder) own at least fifteen percent (15%) of the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock of the Company (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A
Preferred Stock), the U.S. Bounti Holder owning the largest amount of Common Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) shall have the right to appoint two members to the Board (the
Initial U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold), and for so long as a U.S. Bounti Holder own at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding voting shares of Common Stock of the Company (including shares of Common Stock
issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) 

15 

(the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold), the U.S. Bounti Holder owning the largest amount of Common Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of
the Series A Preferred Stock) shall have the right to appoint one member to the Board (any directors appointed to the Board pursuant to this Section 10(a), the U.S. Bounti Directors). The initial U.S.
Bounti Directors shall be Michael Molnar and Charles R. Schwab, Jr. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee thereof have taken action such that the U.S. Bounti Directors shall initially be appointed to the Board effective on
the Closing Date, to serve until at least the 2026 annual meeting of the Companys stockholders or such individuals earlier resignation, death or removal. U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof shall be entitled at each
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company or at any special meeting called for the purpose of electing directors to elect the U.S. Bounti Directors as set forth in this Section 10(a). The U.S. Bounti Directors shall
be subject to the classified board of director provisions of Article VI of the Certificate of Incorporation with the classification to be made based on the class which provides the U.S. Bounti Directors with the longest possible tenure subject to
the provisions of the Companys certificate of incorporation. Each U.S. Bounti Director appointed or elected to the Board shall continue to hold office until the annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company where such directors
tenure ends pursuant to his or her classification and until his or her successor is elected and qualified in accordance with this Section 10(a) and the Companys bylaws. U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder
thereof shall have the sole right to remove a U.S. Bounti Director, subject to the provisions of the Companys certificate of incorporation. Any vacancy created by the removal, resignation, death or otherwise of a U.S. Bounti Director shall
solely be filled by U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof. In the event U.S. Bounti wishes to designate an individual to serve as a U.S. Bounti Director to fill a vacancy or otherwise replace an existing U.S. Bounti Director, the
Company shall cause the Board and the Nominating Committee to take all action such that the designated individual shall be appointed to the Board effective no later than ten (10) Business Days following notice from U.S. Bounti of the desire to
have the individual appointed as a U.S. Bounti Director, with such individual to serve until at least the next annual meeting of stockholders. 

(b) U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof shall be entitled at each annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company where
the classification of one of the U.S. Bounti Directors would have its term end or at any special meeting called for the purpose of electing directors to designate one or two members of the Board for so long as the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold or
Initial U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold, as applicable, is met. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold not being met, U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof shall not be entitled to elect any members
of the Board. 

(c) The U.S. Bounti Directors shall be entitled to receive similar compensation, benefits, reimbursement (including of
reasonable travel expenses subject to the provisions of the Companys then current non-employee director compensation program), indemnification and insurance coverage for their service as a director as
the other outside directors of the Company. For so long as the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance, the Company shall include each U.S. Bounti Director as an insured for all purposes under such
insurance policy for so long as the U.S. Bounti Director is a director of the Company and for the same period as for other former directors of the Company when such U.S. Bounti Director ceases to be a director of the Company. In all cases, any
Company directors and officers liability insurance policy or other applicable Company insurance policies, as well as all director indemnification and exculpation provisions of the Company, shall be primary in coverage with any insurance
or indemnification provided by U.S. Bounti or other third party to be secondary. Promptly following election to the Board, the Company shall enter into the Companys standard indemnification agreement with each U.S. Bounti Director providing
for indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law. 

(d) For so long as any one of U.S. Bounti or a U.S. Bounti Holder
thereof meets the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold, U.S. Bounti or the U.S. Bounti Holder owning the largest amount of Common Stock (including shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock) shall have the
right to appoint a person to attend all meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board as an observer (the U.S. Bounti Board Observer). Subject to applicable law (including rules on conflicts of interests), a U.S. Bounti
Board Observer shall (i) be entitled to participate in the same fashion as if such individual was a director or committee member, without voting rights, in all Board and Board committee meetings, (ii) receive the same information as the
other members of the Board and Board committees, including drafts and final versions of any 

16 

written consent in lieu of a meeting (and receive such information at the same time), and (iii) be invited to Board and committee meetings at the same time as other directors. The U.S.
Bounti Board Observer shall not be entitled to any compensation but shall receive payment of reasonable travel expenses subject to the provisions of the Companys then current non-employee director
compensation program on the same terms as the other outside directors of the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences in this Section 10(d), in the event that U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof chooses not to
designate a person to fill any of the U.S. Bounti Director positions to the Board pursuant to Section 10(a), U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof shall have the right to designate an additional U.S. Bounti Board Observer to
attend all meetings of the Board and committees in a nonvoting observer capacity for each U.S. Bounti Director position not filled, and such additional observers shall have the rights and privileges, and shall be subject to the limitations, set out
in Sections 10(d), (e) and (f). In such instance, the U.S. Bounti Board Observers serving in lieu of the U.S. Bounti Directors shall be entitled to receive similar cash compensation (in no event shall the U.S. Bounti Board Observers receive
compensation in the form of equity awards), benefits, reimbursement (including of reasonable travel expenses subject to the provisions of the Companys then current non-employee director compensation
program) as the other outside directors of the Company. The maximum number of U.S. Bounti Board Observers at any time shall not exceed two. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have the right to exclude the U.S. Bounti Board Observer(s) from all or portions of any
meeting of the Board, or redact from, or withhold from providing the U.S. Bounti Board Observer(s) with, certain information or materials in order to, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board, (i) preserve attorney-client, work
product or similar privilege, or (ii) allow the Board to discuss material interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe may present or otherwise involve actual conflicts of
interest between the Board, any committee thereof or the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, on the one hand, and the U.S. Bounti Board Observer (s)or U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof, on the other hand; provided, however,
that (i) the Company shall provide the U.S. Bounti Observer(s) with prior written notice that includes the general topic of the excluded information and (ii) the U.S. Bounti Board Observer(s) shall only be excluded from such portion of the
discussion or information that directly relates to the applicable exclusion. In the event a U.S. Bounti Board Observer shall become a board member, board observer, employee or consultant to a competitor of the Company, U.S. Bounti or the applicable
U.S. Bounti Holder thereof will so notify the Company and promptly replace such U.S. Bounti Board Observer with another individual designated in writing to the Company who would not be disqualified pursuant to this sentence. For purposes of this
Agreement, U.S. Bounti and its affiliates shall not be deemed a competitor of the Company. 

(f) The Company hereby expressly permits the
U.S. Bounti Directors and U.S. Bounti Board Observers to share any information provided by the Company or learned by such individuals in connection with their service as U.S. Bounti Directors or U.S. Bounti Board Observers with U.S. Bounti and the
U.S. Bounti Holders; provided, that such individuals may not share any information that is attorney-client, work product or subject to similar privilege. 

Section 11. Governance. 

(a) Effective as of April 1, 2025, the Board shall consist of seven (7) members. The Company shall not take any action that would
change the composition or size of the Board that would adversely affect any of the board designation rights set forth in Section 9 or Section 10 of this Agreement. 

(b) The Company shall, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company at which directors are to be elected, (i) so long
as Cargill has the right to designate a Cargill Director to the Board pursuant to Section 9(a) hereof, include the Cargill Director(s) (or such other persons as may be selected in writing by Cargill), (ii) so long as U.S.
Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof has the right to designate a U.S. Bounti Director to the Board pursuant to Section 10(a) hereof, include the U.S. Bounti Director(s) (or any such other person as may be
selected in writing by U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof) and (iii) the Companys director nominees in the Companys slate of nominees as for each relevant annual meeting of the Companys stockholders
(subject to each designees satisfaction of all applicable requirements regarding service as 

17 

a director of the Company under applicable Law, regulation or stock exchange rules regarding service as a director; provided, however, that in no event shall any such
designees relationship with the applicable IRA Investor (or any other actual or potential lack of independence resulting therefrom) be considered to disqualify such designee from being a member of the Board pursuant to this
Section 11(b)) and shall recommend that the holders of the Companys capital stock vote in favor of such Cargill Director(s), such U.S. Bounti Director(s), and the Companys director nominees, and shall support
such Cargill Director(s), such U.S. Bounti Director(s), and the Companys director nominees in a manner generally no less rigorous and favorable than the manner in which the Company supports its other nominees. 

(c) If either a Cargill Director or U.S. Bounti Director resigns, dies, is not elected or is disqualified or removed from the Board, Cargill
or U.S. Bounti or the applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof may, as applicable, nominate a replacement Cargill Director or U.S. Bounti Director, as applicable, and such replacement Cargill Director or U.S. Bounti Director shall promptly be appointed
to the Board, as provided in the bylaws of the Company, and subject to the review and approval by the Companys nominating and corporate governance committee and the Companys applicable policies and procedures relating to new directors.
The Companys nominating and corporate governance committee shall be able to reject a nominee for a Cargill Director or U.S. Bounti Director only for good reason, which good reason shall be limited to conviction of a felony, fraud or other
crimes of moral turpitude, addiction and substance abuse issues, disqualification as a bad actor under the securities laws, or bankruptcy in the last ten years. 

(d) The Company shall require the prior approval of 75% of the Board in order to approve (1) a sale-leaseback financing or equity
financing for facilities contemplated in Ohio, provided that the Company has $10.0 million in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) during the trailing six month period prior to the time such vote is held, and
(2) growth Capital Expenditures (as defined in the Credit Agreement); provided, that, if U.S. Bounti and/or Cargill have not appointed all of their respective director seats when such Board approval is sought, the Company shall
provide Cargill and U.S. Bounti with notice of such pending votes and U.S. Bounti and/or Cargill shall have the right to appoint directors to fill such seats prior to the Board determining whether to approve such matters and the Company shall cause
the Board and the Nominating Committee to take all action such that such designated individual be appointed to the Board effective no later than ten Business Days following notice from Cargill and/or U.S. Bounti of the desire to have an individual
appointed as a Cargill Director and/or U.S. Bounti Director, with such individual to serve until at least the next annual meeting of stockholders. In the event that either Cargill no longer meets the Cargill Ownership Threshold or U.S. Bounti or the
applicable U.S. Bounti Holder thereof no longer meets the U.S. Bounti Ownership Threshold, this provision shall only require the approval of the director appointed by the IRA Investor that continues to meet the applicable ownership threshold. The
approval rights set forth in this Section 11(d) shall terminate on December 31, 2030. Without the prior consent of both Cargill and U.S. Bounti, prior to December 31, 2030 the Board shall not exceed seven
directors plus the Cargill Directors and the U.S. Bounti Directors (if any). 

Section 12.
Indemnification. 

(a) Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless
each IRA Investor, any Family or Estate-Planning Transferee and any participating Permitted Holder, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, members, stockholders, representatives and affiliates, and each person or
entity, if any, that controls each IRA Investor, any Family or Estate-Planning Transferee and any participating Permitted Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act and the officers,
directors, employees, agents and employees of each such controlling Person (each, an Investor Indemnitee), against any and all losses, claims, damages, actions, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable fees, expenses
and disbursements of attorneys and other professionals), joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained or incorporated by reference in any registration statement, including any
preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or supplements thereto or contained in any issuer free writing prospectus (as such term is defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) prepared by the
Company or authorized by it in writing for use by the IRA Investor or any amendment or supplement thereto; or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the 

18 

circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company shall not be liable to such Investor Indemnitee to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage,
liability (or action or proceeding in respect thereof) or expense arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor Indemnitee claiming indemnification specifically for inclusion therein, (ii) offers or sales effected by or on behalf such Investor Indemnitee by means of (as
defined in Securities Act Rule 159A) a free writing prospectus (as defined in Securities Act Rule 405) that was not authorized in writing by the Company, or (iii) the failure to deliver or make available to a purchaser of
Registrable Securities a copy of any preliminary prospectus, pricing information or final prospectus contained in the applicable registration statement or any amendments or supplements thereto (to the extent the same is required by applicable Law to
be delivered or made available to such purchaser at the time of sale of contract); provided that the Company shall have delivered to each IRA Investor such preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained in the applicable registration
statement and any amendments or supplements thereto pursuant to Section 7(d) no later than the time of contract of sale in accordance with Rule 159 under the Securities Act. 

(b) Each IRA Investor shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and
affiliates against any and all losses, claims, damages, actions, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of attorneys and other professionals) arising out of or based upon any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of material fact contained in any registration statement, including any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or supplements thereto or contained in any issuer free writing prospectus
(as such term is defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act), or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon written information relating to such IRA Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of such IRA Investor specifically for
inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity. In no event shall the liability of either IRA Investor hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such IRA Investor and any participating
Permitted Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation. 

(c) If any proceeding shall
be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) in
writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense in such proceeding, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with such defense;
provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Section 12, except (and only) to the extent that it
shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have proximately and materially adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. An Indemnified
Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such proceeding and to participate in the defense of such proceeding, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless:
(1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such
Indemnified Party in any such proceeding; or (3) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by
counsel that representation of both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party by the same counsel would be inappropriate because of an actual conflict of interest between the Indemnifying Party and such Indemnified Party (in which case, if
such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and such counsel
shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party); provided that the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all Indemnified Parties. The Indemnifying Party
shall not be liable for any settlement of any such proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be 

19 

unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an
unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding. All fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection
with investigating or preparing to defend such proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, promptly upon receipt of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party (regardless of
whether it is ultimately determined that an Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder, provided that the Indemnifying Party may require such Indemnified Party to undertake to reimburse all such fees and expenses to the
extent it is finally judicially determined that such Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification under this Section 12). 

(d) If the indemnification provided for in Section 12(a) or Section 12(b) is held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified Party with respect to any losses, claims, damages, actions, liabilities, costs or expenses referred to in Section 12(a) or
Section 12(b), as the case may be, or is insufficient to hold the Indemnified Party harmless as contemplated therein, then the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the
amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, actions, liabilities, costs or expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Party, on the one hand, and
the Indemnifying Party, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, actions, liabilities, costs or expenses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
fault of the Indemnifying Party, on the one hand, and of the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other factors, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a
material fact relates to information supplied by the Indemnifying Party or by the Indemnified Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company
and the IRA Investors agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 12(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of
the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 12(d). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the liability of each IRA Investor hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds
received by such IRA Investor and any participating Permitted Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation. No Indemnified Party guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of
Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from an Indemnifying Party not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

Section 13. Agreement to Furnish Information. If reasonably requested by the Company or the
book-running managing underwriters of Common Stock (or other securities of the Company convertible into Common Stock), the IRA Investors and any participating Permitted Holder shall provide such information regarding the IRA Investors and any
participating Permitted Holder, and their respective Registrable Securities, as may be reasonably required by the Company or such representative of the book-running managing underwriters in connection with the filing of a Registration Statement and
the completion of any public offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 14.
Rule 144 Reporting. With a view to making available to the IRA Investors the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the SEC which may permit the sale of the Registrable Securities that are Common Stock to the public without
registration, the Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar or analogous rule
promulgated under the Securities Act, at all times after the effective date of this Agreement; (ii) file with the SEC, in a timely manner, all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and (iii) so long as
the IRA Investors and any Permitted Holder owns any Registrable Securities, furnish to the IRA Investors forthwith upon request: a written statement by the Company as to its compliance with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act, and of the Exchange Act; a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company; and such other reports and documents as the IRA Investors may reasonably request in availing themselves of any rule or regulation of the SEC allowing
it to sell any such Common Stock without registration. 

20 

Section 15. Confidentiality. 

(a) The parties acknowledge and agree that each of the Cargill Director(s), Cargill Board Observer, the U.S. Bounti Director(s) and the U.S.
Bounti Board Observer may share Confidential Information with Cargill or U.S. Bounti, respectively, and their respective affiliates, for the sole purpose of, and solely to the extent reasonably necessary to, monitor, evaluate or otherwise make
decisions in connection with its investment in the Company, it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and shall agree to keep such Confidential
Information confidential prior to any such disclosure. The IRA Investors will keep confidential and will not disclose, divulge, or use for any purpose (other than to monitor its investment in the Company) any Confidential Information obtained from
the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, notice of the Companys intention to file a Registration Statement); provided, however, that the IRA Investors may disclose Confidential
Information (i) to its attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other professionals to the extent reasonably necessary to obtain their services in connection with monitoring its investment in the Company; (ii) to any prospective purchaser
of any Registrable Securities from the IRA Investors, if such prospective purchaser agrees in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Section 15(a); (iii) in connection with periodic reports to its investors,
partners, affiliates or members, the IRA Investors may provide summary information regarding the Companys financial information in such reports, as long as such investors, partners, affiliates and members are advised that such information is
confidential or (iv) as may otherwise be required by Law, provided that the IRA Investors promptly notify the Company of such disclosure pursuant to this clause (iv) and take reasonable steps to minimize the extent of any such
required disclosure. Receipt of Confidential Information shall not be imputed to any entity, whether or not an affiliate of the IRA Investors solely by virtue of the fact that an Investors director, officer, employee, agent, contractor,
consultant or advisor is also a director, officer, employee, agent, contractor, consultant or advisor of such entity. It is understood that Confidential Information shall remain the sole property of the Company, and Cargill and U.S. Bounti shall
cause each of the Cargill Director(s), Cargill Board Observer, the U.S. Bounti Director(s) and the U.S. Bounti Board Observer, respectively, to agree to take reasonable measures to prevent any unauthorized disclosure and unauthorized use of the
Confidential Information. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the restrictions contained in
Section 15(a) shall not apply to information furnished to a Cargill Director or a U.S. Bounti Director in his or her capacity as a director of the Company to the extent of his or her lawful use of such information in such
capacity. Nothing herein shall limit any such persons from fulfilling his or her fiduciary and other duties under applicable Law as members of the Board. 

Section 16. Termination. Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall
terminate (a) upon the mutual written agreement of the Company, and the IRA Investors holding two-thirds (2/3) of the Registrable Securities then outstanding and, with regard to Sections 9 and 11 only,
Cargill (the Requisite Investors), or (b) the date on which all IRA Investors or their Permitted Holders no longer hold any Registrable Securities and, with regard to Sections 9 and 11, the Credit Agreement has terminated;
provided, however, that the provisions of Section 12 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever. 

Section 17. Miscellaneous. 

(a) No Inconsistent Agreements; Additional Rights. The Company represents and warrants that it has not entered into, and agrees that it
will not enter into, any agreement with respect to its securities that violates or subordinates or is otherwise inconsistent with the rights granted to the IRA Investors under this Agreement. If the Company enters into any agreement after the date
hereof granting any Person registration rights with respect to any security of Parent which agreement contains any material provisions more favorable to such Person than those set forth in this Agreement, the Company will notify the IRA Investors
and will agree to such amendments to this Agreement as may be necessary to provide these rights to the IRA Investors, at IRA Investors election. 

21 

(b) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of
the State of Delaware without regard to any choice of laws or conflict of laws provisions that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(c) Jurisdiction; Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement were
not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that each of the parties shall be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available to it, including monetary damages) to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom sitting in New Castle
County in the State of Delaware (or, solely if the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware). In addition, each of the parties
irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising hereunder, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Agreement and the rights and obligations
arising hereunder brought by the other party or its successors or assigns, shall be brought and determined exclusively in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom sitting in New Castle County in the State
of Delaware (or, solely if the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware). The parties further agree that no party to this Agreement
shall be required to obtain, furnish or post any bond or similar instrument in connection with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this Section and each party waives any objection to the imposition of such relief or any right it
may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting of any such bond or similar instrument. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself and in respect of its property, generally and
unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the aforesaid courts.
Each of the parties hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason other than the failure to serve in accordance with this Section 17(c), (b) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court
or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (c) to the fullest extent permitted by the
applicable Law, any claim that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof,
may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each party hereby consents to service being made through the notice procedures set forth in Section 17(g) and agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by
registered mail (return receipt requested and first-class postage prepaid) to the respective addresses set forth in Section 17(g) shall be effective service of process for any suit or proceeding in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. EACH OF THE PARTIES KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WITH AND UPON THE ADVICE OF COMPETENT COUNSEL IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

(d) Successors and Assigns. None of the
parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (i) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement,
in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an Investor, and (y) the IRA Investors, in the case of the Company; provided, however, that such prior written consent shall not be required in
the event of a Family or Estate-Planning Transfer. In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing
to be bound by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall
relieve any party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement.. 

22 

(e) No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer, and this Agreement shall not confer, on any Person other than the parties to this Agreement and any Family or Estate-Planning Transferees thereof any
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no other Persons shall have any standing with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however that
each Indemnified Party (but only, in the case of an Investor Indemnitee, the first proviso of Section 12(c)) shall be entitled to the rights, remedies and obligations provided to an Indemnified Party under
Section 12, and each such Indemnified Party shall have standing as a third-party beneficiary under Section 12 to enforce such rights, remedies and obligations. 

(f) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, and the other documents delivered pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties hereto with regard to the subjects of this Agreement and such other agreements and documents. 

(g) Notices. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices, requests, claims, demands, waivers and other communications
required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be mailed by reliable overnight delivery service or delivered by hand, facsimile or messenger, and email, as follows: 

If to the Company: 

Local Bounti
Corporation 

490 Foley Lane 

Hamilton, MT 59840 

Attention:
Kathleen Valiasek 

E-mail:

With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP 

222 Berkeley Street, Suite 2000 

Boston, MA 02116 

Attention:
Albert Vanderlaan 

E-mail:

If to Cargill, Incorporated: 

to
the address set forth on the signature pages hereto with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Faegre Drinker Biddle &
Reath LLP 

2200 Wells Fargo Center 

90 South 7th Street 

Minneapolis, MN 55402-3901 

Attention: Jonathan Zimmerman 

E-mail:

If to U.S. Bounti, LLC: 

23 

to the address set forth on the signature pages hereto with a copy (which will not
constitute notice) to: 

McDermott Will & Emery LLP 

One Vanderbilt Avenue 

New York,
NY 10017-3852 

Attention: Todd Kornfeld 

E-mail:

and 

CHS Management Group, LLC

PO Box 2226 

Palm Beach, FL
33480 

Attention: Rebecca E. Renzas 

E-mail:

If to Charles R. Schwab, Jr, to the address set forth on the signature pages hereto. 

or in any such case to such other address, facsimile number or telephone as any party hereto may, from time to time, designate in a written notice given in a
like manner. Notices shall be deemed given when actually delivered by overnight delivery service, hand or messenger, or when received by facsimile if promptly confirmed, or, in the case of email to the email addresses given above, on the date that
the recipient acknowledges having received the email. 

(h) Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power,
or remedy accruing to any party to this Agreement shall impair any such right, power, or remedy of such party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of or acquiescence in any breach or default, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter
occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to the IRA Investors, shall be cumulative and not
alternative. 

(i) Expenses. The Company and each IRA Investor shall bear their own expenses and legal fees incurred on their behalf
with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except as otherwise provided in Section 6. 

(j) Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived
(either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively), only if such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Requisite Investors. Any consent hereunder and
any amendment or waiver of any term of this Agreement by the Company must be approved by a majority of directors, including the Cargill Director and the U.S. Bounti Director. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this paragraph shall
be binding upon each holder of any Registrable Securities at the time outstanding (including securities convertible into Registrable Securities), each future holder of all such Registrable Securities, and the Company. 

(k) Non-Recourse. All claims or causes of action (whether in contract or in tort, in law or in
equity) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to
enter into this Agreement), may be made only against the entities that are expressly identified as parties hereto and only with respect to the specific obligations undertaken by such parties as set forth herein with respect to such parties and no
other Person shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the Transactions and no Person who is not a named party to this Agreement, including without limitation any present
or past director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, direct or indirect equityholder (including any members, partners or stockholders), manager, employee, incorporator, controlling person, management company, general partner,
affiliate, trustees, agent, attorney, advisor, permitted assign and predecessor of any named party to this Agreement (Non-Party Affiliates), shall have any liability (whether in contract or
in tort, in law or in equity, or based upon any theory that seeks to impose damages of an entity party against its owners or affiliates) for any damages arising under, in connection with or related to this Agreement or for any claim based on, in
respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance, non-performance, interpretation, termination, enforcement, construction or execution or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby and each party hereto hereby waives and releases all such damages, claims and obligations against any such Non-Party Affiliates. 

24 

(l) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and
signatures may be delivered by facsimile or in electronic format, each of which may be executed by less than all the parties, each of which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts and all of which together shall
constitute one instrument. 

(m) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, portions of such provision, or such provision in its entirety, to the extent necessary, shall be severed from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance
with its terms. 

(n) Titles and Subtitles; Interpretation. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience
only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section or Schedule, such reference shall be to a Section or Schedule of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.
Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any agreement, instrument or statute, rule or regulation defined or referred to in this Agreement
means such agreement, instrument or statute, rule or regulation as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of
comparable successor statutes. Any reference to any section under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, or any rule promulgated thereunder, shall include any publicly available interpretive releases, policy statements, staff accounting bulletins,
staff accounting manuals, staff legal bulletins, staff no-action, interpretive and exemptive letters, and staff compliance and disclosure interpretations (including telephone
interpretations) of such section or rule by the SEC. Each of the parties has participated in the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as
if it is drafted by each of the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

[signature page follows] 

25 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written. 

LOCAL BOUNTI CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Craig M. Hurlbert

Name: Craig M. Hurlbert

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CARGILL, INCORPORATED

By: 

/s/ John Tofteland

Name: John Tofteland

Title: Director, Transaction Management

Address:

U.S. BOUNTI, LLC

By: 

/s/ Charles R. Schwab

Name: Charles R. Schwab

Title: Manager

Address:

CHARLES R. SCHWAB, JR.

By: 

/s/ Charles R. Schwab, Jr.

Address:

[Signature Page to Investor Rights Agreement] 

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d854627dex106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6
<TEXT>
EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

March 31, 2025 

Local Bounti Corporation

490 Foley Lane 

Hamilton, MT 59840 

Re: Agreement to Vote Shares of Common Stock of Local Bounti Corporation

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned understands that
Local Bounti Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), is entering into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement) by and among the Company and each of the investors
identified on Exhibit A thereto (each, an Investor and collectively the Investors), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue to each of the Investors (a) shares of the Companys common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), and (b) shares of the Companys Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series A
Preferred Stock or the Preferred Shares, and, collectively with the Common Stock, the Securities), in each case as set forth in Exhibit A to the Securities Purchase Agreement. All capitalized terms
used in this letter agreement but not defined in this letter agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

The
undersigned is a stockholder of the Company and is entering into this letter agreement to induce the Company and the Investors to enter into the Securities Purchase Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. 

The undersigned confirms its agreement with the Company and the Investors as follows: 

1. 

The undersigned represents and warrants that Schedule I annexed hereto sets forth the number of all
shares of Common Stock of the Company of which the undersigned is the direct record or beneficial owner (together with any shares of Common Stock of the Company acquired by the undersigned after the date hereof (whether upon the exercise or
settlement of warrants, options, restricted stock units or otherwise), the Owned Shares) and that the undersigned is on the date hereof the lawful owner of the number of the Owned Shares set forth in Schedule I, has the
ability to vote (or cause to be voted) all of the Owned Shares and that such Owned Shares are not currently subject to any voting agreement or proxy. 

2. 

The undersigned agrees that prior to the record date for determining stockholders eligible to vote at the
Stockholders Meeting (as defined below) the undersigned will not contract to sell, sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any of the Owned Shares, any interest in any of the Owned Shares or voting rights with respect to the Owned Shares. Any
attempted sale, transfer or disposition of the Owned Shares, as contemplated herein, shall be null and void. 

3. 

At any meeting of the stockholders of the Company (the Stockholders Meeting) called to seek
the approval of the stockholders of the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, the approval of the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares in
compliance with the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange (the Proposals), however called, and at every adjournment or postponement thereof (or pursuant to a written consent if the Companys stockholders act by
written consent in lieu of a meeting) the undersigned shall (i) appear in person (or online for a virtual Stockholders Meeting) or by proxy at such meeting or otherwise cause the Owned Shares to be counted as present at such meeting for
purposes of establishing a quorum and (ii) vote (or cause to be voted) the Owned Shares in favor of the approval of the Proposals. 

4. 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably grants to, and appoints, the Company, and any individual designated in
writing by the Company, and each of them individually, as the undersigneds proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place
and stead of the undersigned, to vote the Owned Shares, in respect of the Owned Shares in a manner consistent with Section 3. The undersigned hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this
Section 4 is given in connection with the execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement, and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of the undersigned under this letter agreement. The
undersigned hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that such irrevocable proxy may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof. Such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212(e) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The irrevocable proxy granted hereunder shall automatically terminate
upon the termination of this letter agreement. The undersigned hereby revokes any and all previous proxies with respect to the shares of the Companys voting capital stock as it relates to the Stockholders Meeting. The undersigned agrees not to
grant any proxy with respect to such shares of voting capital stock of the Company or enter into or agree to be bound by any voting trust agreement or other arrangement of any kind that is inconsistent with the provisions of this letter agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and for clarity, no Securities shall be counted for purposes of the Proposal sought to be approved at the Stockholders Meeting pursuant to the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Each of the Investors shall be a third
party beneficiary of this letter agreement such that each of the Investors has the direct right to enforce the same, including to obtain specific performance in respect thereof on the terms set forth in Sections 3 and 4 of this letter
agreement. 

5. 

The undersigned represents, warrants and agrees that (a) the undersigned has all necessary power and
authority to enter into this letter agreement and to perform fully the undersigneds obligations hereunder, (b) this letter agreement is the legal, valid and binding agreement of the undersigned, and (c) this letter agreement is
enforceable against the undersigned in accordance with its terms. 

6. 

Nothing in this letter agreement shall limit or restrict the undersigned (or any of its partners, managers or
affiliates) from acting in his or such persons capacity as a director or officer of the Company (it being understood that this letter agreement shall apply to the undersigned solely in its capacity as a stockholder of the Company).

7. 

The undersigned agrees that in the event, and only in the event, of any breach of its covenants and agreements
under this letter agreement, the Company, and if and only if the Company does not enforce this letter agreement against the undersigned, each of the Investors (and other stockholders of the Company entering into a substantially similar letter
agreement) will be entitled to specific performance of such covenants and agreements and to injunctive and other equitable relief in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled at law or in equity. The undersigned agrees and
acknowledges that, if and only in the event that the undersigned breaches this letter agreement (and in such case if and only if the Company does not enforce this letter agreement against the undersigned), each of the Investors (as well as the other
stockholders of the Company entering into such a letter agreement) are intended third party beneficiaries of this letter agreement and have standing to enforce the provisions hereof against the parties hereto as if each of the Investors and such
stockholders were parties hereto. Should suit be brought in connection with this letter agreement, the substantially prevailing party shall be entitled to recover any of its attorneys fees, whether or not the suit proceeds to final judgment.

2 

8. 

This letter agreement shall terminate immediately following the adjournment of the Stockholders Meeting at
which the Proposals are approved. 

9. 

This letter agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without giving effect to the conflicts of laws principles that would otherwise apply thereunder. 

10. 

This letter agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

11. 

In the event any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any
circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected or impaired, and such
unreasonable, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall be interpreted, revised or applied in the manner that renders it lawful and enforceable to the fullest extent possible under law. 

[remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

3 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly states the understanding between us by signing and returning to
us a counterpart hereof. 

Very truly yours,

[NAME]

Confirmed and agreed to as of 

the date first above written: 

Local Bounti Corporation

Name: Kathleen Valiasek

Title: President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Support Agreement] 

Schedule I 

Owned Shares 

Name of Entity 

Number of Owned Shares
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>locl-20250327.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>locl-20250327_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>locl-20250327_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 
Former Address [Member] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Address Type [Domain] 
Address Type [Domain]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>locl-20250327_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 27, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Local Bounti Corporation/DE

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001840780

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 27, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40125

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-3686055

Entity Address, Address Line One 490 Foley Lane

Entity Address, City or Town Hamilton

Entity Address, State or Province MT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 59840

City Area Code (800)

Local Phone Number 640-4016

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol LOCL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Former Address [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 490 Foley Lane

Entity Address, State or Province MT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 59840

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: locl_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: locl_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
2 
24 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.localbounti.com//20250327/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d854627d8k.htm 
locl-20250327.xsd 
locl-20250327_def.xml 
locl-20250327_lab.xml 
locl-20250327_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-068740-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d854627d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001840780 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

0001840780 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

Local Bounti Corporation/DE 
false 
0001840780 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-27 
DE 
001-40125 
83-3686055 
490 Foley Lane 
Hamilton 
MT 
59840 
(800) 
640-4016 
490 Foley Lane 
MT 
59840 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share 
LOCL 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>