<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001139020-25-000008.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001139020-25-000008.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328114535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001139020-25-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stimcell Energetics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001493712
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				383939625
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54500
		FILM NUMBER:		25782759

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		820 - 1130 PENDER STREET, WEST
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6E 4A4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(844) 238-2692

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		820 - 1130 PENDER STREET, WEST
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6E 4A4

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cell MedX Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141009

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sports Asylum, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Plandel Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>stme-20250318.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STIMCELL ENERGETICS INC. - FORM 8-K SEC FILING
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?STIMCELL ENERGETICS INC. - Form 8-K SEC filing

0001493712false00014937122025-03-182025-03-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) March 18, 2025

STIMCELL ENERGETICS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

NV 

000-54500 

38-3939625

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

(Commission File

Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

820 - 1130 Pender Street, West

Vancouver, British Columbia 

V6E 4A4

(Address of principal executive

offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 

(844) 238-2692

n/a

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

ITEM 1.01ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

On March 18, 2025, StimCell Energetics Inc (the Company or StimCell) entered into a digital marketing services agreement (the Agreement) with Rain Communications Inc. (Rain Communications), an investor relations and public relations firm based in Vancouver, British Columbia, to provide comprehensive services for an eight-month term commencing on March 18, 2025. Rain Communications will endeavor to increase awareness of StimCell, its eBalance product, and its securities. Rain Communications is an independent service provider and, except as disclosed below, does not directly or indirectly have an interest in the securities of the Company.

Under the Agreement, the Company will issue Rain 125,000 shares in the Companys common stock per month for services rendered at a deemed price of $0.20 per share over the eight-month service period for a total consideration of $200,000.

The shares of common stock to be issued to Rain Communications will be issued pursuant to provisions of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) on the basis that Rain Communications is not a resident of the United States, and is otherwise not U.S. person as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act and were not in the United States.

ITEM 3.02UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

On March 25, 2025, StimCell entered into a debt settlement with its service provider to settle $15,000 in outstanding debt through the issuance of 75,000 shares of the Companys common stock (the Debt Settlement). The shares are being issued pursuant to the provisions available under the Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the Act on the basis that the subscriber is an accredited investor as that term is defined under Regulation D of the Act.

ITEM 7.01REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE

On March 26, 2025, StimCell Energetics Inc. (the Company) issued an informational news release (the Release) announcing a debt settlement by issuing common shares of the Company, and a strategic partnership with Rain Communications Inc. an investor relations and public relations firm based in Vancouver, British Columbia, to provide comprehensive services for an eight-month term commencing on March 18, 2025. A copy of the Release is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1.

ITEM 9.01FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(d)Exhibits

The following exhibits are provided with this Current Report:

Exhibit

Number 

Description of Exhibit

10.1 

Digital marketing services agreement between the Company and Rain Communications Inc. dated March 18, 2025.

10.2 

Debt settlement agreement dated March 24, 2025

99.1 

News release dated March 26, 2025

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

STIMCELL ENERGETICS INC.

Date: March 28, 2025 

By: /s/ David Jeffs

David Jeffs,

Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>stme_ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DIGITAL MARKETING SERVICES AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND RAIN COMMUNICATIONS INC. DATED MARCH 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Digital marketing services agreement between the Company and Rain Communications Inc. dated March 18, 2025

DIGITAL MARKETING SERVICES AGREEMENT

Dated: March 18, 2025 (the Effective Date).

AMONG:Rain Communications Inc. of Vancouver, British Columbia

(Rain Communications)

AND:StimCell Energetics, Inc. of Vancouver, British Columbia

(StimCell)

WHEREAS:

A.StimCell seeks the services of Rain Communications to help increase public awareness of the company and its products, services and securities; and 

B.Rain Communications is a marketing company and assists companies in increasing their public profile amongst investors and consumers. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants contained herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED

Rain Communications shall provide public relations services to StimCell in an effort to increase public awareness of the company and its products, services and securities. The services may include facilitating the creation and distribution of marketing materials and paid advertisements.

2.TERM

This agreement shall remain in effect for a period of EIGHT (8) months from the Effective Date.

3.COMPENSATION

StimCell shall provide Rain Communications with $200,000, payable in common stock of the company at a deemed market value of $0.20 per common share, in equal installments over eight (8) months, that is $25,000 USD monthly, payable by the issuance of 125,000 common shares of StimCell to Rain Communications at the end of each month beginning on the 18th of April 2025 upon completion of services provided for the previous month.

4.RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONTENT OF MATERIALS

StimCell understands that Rain Communications intends to subcontract the creation of any written marketing materials. The Parties expressly agree that StimCell shall review and approve all marketing materials before public distribution. StimCell acknowledges that Rain Communications shall have no responsibility for ensuring the accuracy of the content of any written materials.

1

5.WHOLE AGREEMENT

This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes any prior written or oral agreements or understandings between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. No modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by or on behalf of the parties hereto. A waiver of the breach of any term or condition of this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other term or condition

6.GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada and each party hereto adjourns to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British Columbia.

7.COUNTERPART

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counter-parts, each of which so executed shall constitute an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement was signed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

Per:/s/ Ralph Biggar

Ralph Biggar, President

Rain Communications Inc.

Per:/s/ David Jeffs

David Jeffs, CEO

StimCell Energetics, Inc.

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>stme_ex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEBT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Debt settlement agreement dated March 24, 2025

THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, (THE ACT) OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR BY ANY STATE SECURITIES ADMINISTRATION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY.

REGULATION D SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

DEBT SETTLEMENT

U.S. RESIDENTS ONLY

THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of the 24th day of March 2025.

BETWEEN:

THE SUBSCRIBER LISTED ON THE EXECUTION PAGE

TO THIS AGREEMENT

(the Subscriber)

OF THE FIRST PART

AND:

StimCell Energetics, Inc., a Nevada corporation having its principal executive offices located at #820 1130 Pender St. West, Vancouver, BC, V6E 4A4

(the Company)

OF THE SECOND PART

THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.DEFINITIONS

1.1.The following terms will have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(a)Agreement means this Subscription Agreement, and all schedules and amendments to in the Agreement; 

(b)Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001; 

(c)Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(d)Indebtedness has the meaning set forth in Section 0; 

(e)Insider means (a) a director or officer of the Company, (b) a director or officer of a person that is an insider or subsidiary of the Company, or (c) any person that has beneficial ownership of, or control or direction over, directly or indirectly, or a combination of beneficial ownership of, and control or direction over, directly or indirectly, securities of the Company carrying more than 10% of the voting rights attached to all of the Companys outstanding voting securities, excluding, for the purpose of the calculation of the percentage held, any securities held by the person as underwriter in the course of a distribution; 

(f)MI 51-105 means Canadian Multilateral Instrument 51-105 Issuers Quoted in the U.S. Over-the-Counter Markets of the Canadian Securities Administrators, as amended; 

(g)NI 45-106 means Canadian National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus and Registration Exemptions of the Canadian Securities Administrators, as amended; 

(h)Offered Securities means the Shares; 

(i)Offering means the offering of the Offered Securities being made by the Company pursuant to this Agreement; 

(j)Purchase Price means the purchase price payable by the Subscriber to the Company in consideration for the purchase and sale of the Offered Securities in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement; 

(k)Registrant means a person registered or required to be registered under the Securities Act (British Columbia) or the applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction and includes, without limiting the forgoing, includes a registered investment dealer, exempt market dealer or investment advisor under applicable Canadian securities laws; 

(l)Regulation D means Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, as amended; 

(m)SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 

(n)Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

(o)Share means one (1) share of Common Stock; 

(p)Total Subscription Price means the total number of Shares subscribed for by the Subscriber as set forth on the signature page hereof, multiplied by the Purchase Price. 

1.1All dollar amounts referred to in this agreement are in United States funds, unless expressly stated otherwise.

2.SUBSCRIPTION AND PURCHASE OF SHARES

2.1Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company such number of Shares as is set forth upon the signature page hereof at a price equal to $0.20 per Share (the Purchase Price). Upon execution, the subscription by the Subscriber will be irrevocable.

2.2Upon execution by the Company, the Company agrees to sell such Shares to the Subscriber for the Purchase Price subject to the Companys right, exercisable at the Companys sole discretion, to sell to the Subscriber such lesser number of Shares as the Company may deem necessary or desirable.

2.3Any acceptance by the Company of the Subscription is conditional upon compliance with all securities laws and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Subscriber is a resident. The Subscriber will deliver to the Company all other documentation, agreements, representations and requisite government forms that the lawyers for the Company may deem necessary to ensure compliance with all applicable securities laws and any other applicable laws.

2.4The Subscriber hereby authorizes and directs the Company to deliver the securities to be issued to such Subscriber pursuant to this Agreement to the Subscribers address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement.

2.5The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the subscription for the Shares and the Companys acceptance of the subscription is not subject to any minimum subscription for the Offering.

3.PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE SETTLEMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS

3.1.The Company and the Subscriber acknowledge and agree that the Company is indebted to the Subscriber for a principal amount equal to the Total Subscription Price as set forth on the signature page hereto (the Indebtedness). 

3.2.The Company and the Subscriber agree to offset the full amount of the Total Subscription Price against the full amount of the Indebtedness, 

2

3.3.Upon issuance by the Company of the Shares subscribed for by the Subscriber as set forth in the signature page hereof, the Subscriber agrees that the Company, together with its directors, officers, servants and agents (collectively the Releasees) are irrevocably and forever remised, released and discharged from any and all debts, obligations, claims, demands, dues, actions and causes of action whatsoever, whether at law or in equity, known or unknown, or suspected or unsuspected, which the Subscriber has or may in the future have against the Releasees or any of them with respect to any matter relating to the Indebtedness, whether on account of principal, interest or otherwise.

4.REGULATION D AGREEMENTS OF THE SUBSCRIBER

4.1.The Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company that the Subscriber is not acquiring the Offered Securities as part of any plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

4.2.The Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company that the Subscriber is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D and has duly completed, executed and delivered to the Company the form of U.S. Accredited Investor Certificate attached as Schedule A hereto, and the form of Investor Qualification Form attached as Schedule B hereto.

4.3.The Offered Securities will be acquired by the Subscriber, as principal, for investment purposes for the Subscribers own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Subscriber has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Subscriber does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Offered Securities. 

4.4.The Subscriber is not aware of any general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning set forth in Rule 502 of Regulation D) regarding the offer or sale of the Companys securities. 

4.5.The Subscriber acknowledges that the Offered Securities will be restricted securities within the meaning of the Securities Act and will be issued to the Subscriber in accordance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act based on the representations and warranties of the Subscriber in this Agreement. 

4.6.The Subscriber agrees not to reoffer, resell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Offered Securities unless such reoffer, resale, transfer or disposition is made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration statement requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The Subscriber further agrees that the Company may refuse to register any resale or transfer of any of the Offered Securities not made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

4.7.The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that all certificates representing the Offered Securities will be endorsed with a restrictive legend substantially similar to the following in accordance with Regulation D of the Securities Act or such similar or other legends as deemed advisable by the lawyers for the Company to ensure compliance with the Securities Act and any other applicable laws or regulations:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 1933 ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAW. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF STIMCELL ENERGETICS, INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 1933 ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS AND REGULATIONS, (C) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE 1933 ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS AND REGULATIONS, (D) IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933 ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER, IF AVAILABLE, AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (E) IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE 1933 ACT AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PROVIDED THAT, IN THE CASE OF (C), (D) OR (E), THE HOLDER HAS DELIVERED TO THE COMPANY AND THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE SECURITIES (THE TRANSFER AGENT) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OF 

3

RECOGNIZED STANDING IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND TRANSFER AGENT TO SUCH EFFECT. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES ARE PROHIBITED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 1933 ACT.

5.CANADIAN RESALE RESTRICTIONS

5.1.The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Company is an OTC reporting issuer as that term is defined in MI 51-105, (ii) the Offered Securities may not be traded in or from a jurisdiction in Canada unless the following conditions have been met, (iii) the Subscriber will comply with such conditions in making any trade of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada and (iv) the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Offered Securities made in connection with a trade of the Offered Securities in or from a jurisdiction in Canada and not made in accordance with the provisions of MI 51-105:

(a)A four month period has passed from the later of (i) the date that the Company distributed the Offered Securities, and (ii) the date the Offered Securities were distributed by a control person of the Company;

(b)If the person trading the Offered Securities is a control person of the Company, such person has held the Offered Securities for at least 6 months;

(c)The number of Offered Securities that the person proposes to trade, plus the number of securities of the same class that such person has traded in the preceding 12 months, does not exceed 5% of the Companys outstanding securities of the same class;

(d)The trade is made through an investment dealer registered in a jurisdiction in Canada;

(e)The investment dealer executes the trade through any of the over-the-counter markets in the United States;

(f)There has been no unusual effort made to prepare the market or create a demand for the Offered Securities;

(g)No extraordinary commission or other consideration is paid to a person for the trade;

(h)If the person trading the Offered Securities is an insider of the Company, the person reasonably believes that the Company is not in default of securities legislation; and

(i)All certificates representing the Offered Securities bear the Canadian restrictive legend set out in Section 13(1) of MI 51-105.

5.2.The Subscriber represents and warrants that he/she/it is a resident of that jurisdiction set forth in the Subscribers address as set out on the signature page to this Agreement and:

(a)If such jurisdiction is a jurisdiction in Canada, the Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that all certificates representing the Offered Securities will be endorsed with a restrictive legend substantially similar to the following in accordance with MI 51-105:

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY MUST NOT TRADE THE SECURITY IN OR FROM A JURISDICTION IN CANADA UNLESS THE CONDITONS IN SECTION 13 OF MULTILATERAL INSTRUMENT 51-105 ISSUERS QUOTED IN THE U.S. OVER-THE-COUNTER MARKETS ARE MET.

(b)If such jurisdiction is not a jurisdiction in Canada, the Subscriber represents and warrants that it does not presently intend to trade any of the Offered Securities in or from any jurisdiction in Canada and the Subscriber covenants and agrees with the Company that it will not trade any of the Offered Securities in or from any jurisdiction in Canada unless, prior to any such trade, the Subscriber has re-submitted all certificates representing the Offered Securities to the Company for the purpose of having the legend set forth in Section 0 endorsed on such certificates. 

4

6.ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS, COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SUBSCRIBER

The Subscriber agrees, covenants, represents and warrants with and to the Company as follows, and acknowledges that the Company is relying upon such agreements, covenants, representations and warranties in connection with the sale of the Offered Securities to such Subscriber:

6.1.The Subscriber is not a resident of Canada and is a resident of that jurisdiction set forth in the Subscribers address as it appears on the signature page of this Agreement, and the Subscriber did not obtain such residence solely for the purpose of acquiring the Offered Securities.

6.2.The Subscriber acknowledges that an investment in the Company is highly speculative, and involves a high degree of risk as the Company is in the early stages of developing its business, and may require substantial funds in addition to the proceeds of this private placement, and that only subscribers who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company. The Subscriber is an investor in securities of businesses in the development stage and acknowledges that the Subscriber is able to fend for himself/herself/itself, can bear the economic risk of the Subscribers investment, and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters such that the Subscriber is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Companys securities as contemplated in this Agreement. 

6.3.If the Subscriber is an individual, he or she has attained the age of majority and has the legal capacity and competence to executed and delivery this Agreement and to perform all of his or her obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

6.4.If the Subscriber is not an individual, the Subscriber was not organized for the purpose of acquiring the Offered Securities, has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform all of its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized and this Agreement, when executed and delivered as contemplated herein or therein, will be duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered, and will be valid and binding obligations of the Subscriber enforceable in accordance with its terms, except (1) as may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, (2) as may be limited by any applicable laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and (3) as may be limited by public policy. 

6.5.The Subscriber has had full opportunity to review the Companys periodic filings with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the Companys filings on the Canadian SEDAR+, including, but not limited to, the Companys annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports and additional information regarding the business and financial condition of the Company. The Subscriber has had full opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding this information, and to review and discuss this information with the Subscribers legal and financial advisors. The Subscriber believes he/she/it has received all the information he/she/it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the Shares and that the Subscriber has had full opportunity to discuss this information with the Subscribers legal and financial advisors prior to executing this Agreement. 

6.6.The Subscriber acknowledges that the offering of the Offered Securities by the Company has not been reviewed by the SEC or any other securities commission or regulatory body, and that the Offered Securities are being issued by the Company pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and an exemption from the prospectus requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws. 

6.7.The Subscriber understands that the Offered Securities will be characterized as restricted securities under the Securities Act as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that, under the Securities Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances. The Subscriber represents that the Subscriber is familiar with SEC Rule 144, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act. 

6.8.This Agreement has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Subscriber. 

6.9.The Subscriber has satisfied himself/herself/itself as to the full observance of the laws of the Subscribers jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Offered Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within the Subscribers jurisdiction for the purchase of the Offered Securities; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase; (iii) any governmental or other consents that may 

5

need to be obtained; (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to an investment in the Offered Securities; and (v) any restrictions on transfer applicable to any disposition of the Offered Securities imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Subscriber is resident.

6.10.The funds representing the aggregate Total Subscription Price advanced by or on behalf of the Subscriber hereunder, or any funds advanced to the Company on account of the Indebtedness, do not represent proceeds of crime for the purposes of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) (the PCMLTFA) or the United States Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act) and the Subscriber acknowledges that the Company may in the future be required by law to disclose the name of the Subscriber and other information relating to this Agreement and the subscription hereunder, on a confidential basis, pursuant to the PCMLTFA or the Patriot Act. To the best of the Subscribers knowledge (a) none of the subscription funds provided by or on behalf of the Subscriber (i) have been or will be derived directly or indirectly from or related to any activity that is deemed criminal under the laws of Canada, the United States, or any other jurisdiction, or (ii) are being tendered on behalf of a person or entity who has not been identified to the Subscriber and, (b) the Subscriber will promptly notify the Company if the Subscriber discovers that any of such representations cease to be true, and shall provide the Company with appropriate information in connection therewith. 

6.11.The Subscriber acknowledges that this Agreement and the Schedules hereto require the Subscriber to provide certain personal information to the Company. Such information is being collected by the Company for the purposes of completing the Offering, which includes, without limitation, determining the Subscribers eligibility to purchase the Offered Securities and any other securities issuable hereunder under applicable securities laws, or preparing and registering certificates representing the Offered Securities to be issued to the Subscriber, as the case may be, and completing filings required by any stock exchange or securities regulatory authority. The Subscribers personal information may be disclosed by the Company to stock exchanges or securities or other regulatory authorities or agencies (pursuant to the PCMLTFA, the Patriot Act or any other applicable statute, regulation or law) with any such personal information, and any of the other parties involved in the Offering, including the Companys legal counsel, and may be included in record books in connection with the Offering. By executing this Subscription Agreement, the Subscriber is deemed to be consenting to the foregoing collection, use and disclosure of the Subscribers personal information. The Subscriber also consents to the filing of copies or originals of any of the Subscribers documents described herein as may be required to be filed with any stock exchange or securities or other regulatory authority in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Subscriber may contact applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities with respect to questions about the applicable securities regulatory authoritys indirect collection of such information at the addresses and telephone numbers set forth in Schedule C of this Agreement. 

6.12.If the Subscriber is a financial institution (including, without limitation, broker-dealers and investment companies such as United States and offshore unregistered hedge funds, funds-of-funds, commodity pools, private equity funds and venture capital funds): 

(a)it seeks to comply with all applicable laws concerning money laundering and related activities, including without limitation, the Patriot Act, 

(b)in furtherance of such efforts, to the best of its knowledge based on appropriate diligence and investigation, none of the subscription funds used for the purchase of the Shares has been or will be derived from or related to any activity that is deemed criminal under the laws of Canada or the United States or in any other jurisdiction, and 

(c)it will promptly notify the Company if the Subscriber discovers that any of the representations in this paragraph (n) ceases to be true, and to provide the Company with appropriate information in connection therewith. 

7.REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY

7.1.The Company represents and warrants to the Subscriber that: 

(a)The Company is a corporation duly organized, existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and has the corporate power to conduct the business which it conducts and proposes to conduct.

6

(b)The Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock in the capital of the Company.

8.MISCELLANEOUS

8.1.Any notice or other communication given hereunder shall be deemed sufficient if in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Company, at its corporate office at #820-1130 West Pender Street, Vancouver, BC V6E 4A4, and to the Subscriber at his/her/its address indicated on the last page of this Agreement, or in each case, to such other address as later indicated by written notice delivered by one party to the other in accordance with this section. Notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date of mailing, except notices of change of address, which shall be deemed to have been given when received.

8.2.The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

8.3.The Subscriber agrees that the representations, warranties and covenants of the Subscriber herein will be true and correct both as of the execution of this Agreement and as of the date of this Agreement will survive the closing of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Subscriber herein are made with the intent that they be relied upon by the Company in determining the eligibility of a purchaser of Offered Securities and the Subscriber agrees to indemnify the Company and its respective trustees, affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, partners, employees, advisors and agents against all losses, claims, costs, expenses and damages or liabilities which any of them may suffer or incur which are caused or arise from a breach thereof. The Subscriber undertakes to immediately notify the Company at the address set out above of any change in any statement or other information relating to the Subscriber set forth herein.

8.4.Time shall be of the essence hereof.

8.5.This Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and there are no representations, covenants or other agreements relating to the subject matter hereof except as stated or referred to herein. 

8.6.The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the Subscriber and the Company and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided that, except for the assignment by a Subscriber who is acting as nominee or agent to the beneficial owner and as otherwise herein provided, this Agreement shall not be assignable by any party without prior written consent of the other parties. 

8.7.The Subscriber, on his/her/its own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he/she/it is contracting hereunder, agrees that this subscription is made for valuable consideration and may not be withdrawn, cancelled, terminated or revoked by the Subscriber, on his/her/its own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he/she/it is contracting hereunder. 

8.8.Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof shall be modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought.

8.9.The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

8.10.The headings used in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

8.11.Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all the terms and provisions hereof shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Nevada.

8.12.This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

-- SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS --

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed as of the day and year first written above.

NUMBER OF SHARES SUBSCRIBED FOR: 

75,000 SHARES

TOTAL SUBSCRIPTION PRICE

(Total Shares subscribed for multiplied by Purchase Price): 

$15,000

Check the following boxes, as applicable:

The Subscriber isr or is not an Insider (as defined herein) of the Company.

The Subscriber isr or is not a Registrant (as defined herein).

INDIVIDUAL SUBSCRIBER: 

Signature of Subscriber: 

Name of Subscriber: 

Richard Cavalli

Address of Subscriber: 

[REDACTED]

Telephone Number of Subscriber: 

[REDACTED]

E-mail Address of Subscriber: 

[REDACTED]

CORPORATE / OTHER SUBSCRIBER: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory: 

Name of Subscriber: 

Name and Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Address of Subscriber: 

Jurisdiction of Formation/Incorporation of Subscriber: 

Telephone Number of Subscriber: 

E-mail Address of Subscriber: 

ACCEPTED BY: 

STIMCELL ENERGETICS, INC. 

Signature Of Authorized Signatory: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

David Jeffs

Position of Authorized Signatory: 

CEO

Date of Acceptance: 

March 24, 2025

8

SCHEDULE A

U.S. ACCREDITED INVESTOR CERTIFICATE

TO:STIMCELL ENERGETICS, INC. 

The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is an accredited investor (an Accredited Investor) as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the U.S. Securities Act) as a result of satisfying the requirements of the paragraphs below to which the undersigned has affixed his or her initials. ALL REFERENCES TO DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THIS CERTIFICATE ARE TO THE LAWFUL CURRENCY OF THE UNITED STATES.

Initial where appropriate 

Category 

Description

Category 1. 

A bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities Act, whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; or

Category 2. 

A savings and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the U.S. Securities Act, whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; or

Category 3. 

A broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or

Category 4. 

An investment adviser registered pursuant to Section 203 of the United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; or

Category 5. 

An investment adviser registered pursuant to the laws of any State of the United States; or

Category 6. 

An insurance company as defined in Section 2(a)(13) of the U.S. Securities Act; or

Category 7. 

An investment company registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; or

Category 8. 

A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; or

Category 9. 

A small business investment company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301 (c) or (d) of the United States Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended; or

Category 10. 

A Rural Business Investment Company as defined in Section 384A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, as amended; or

Category 11. 

A plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, with total assets in excess of US$5,000,000; or

A-1

Category 12. 

An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, in which the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company or registered investment adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons who are accredited investors; or

Category 13. 

A private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; or

Category 14. 

An organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a corporation, a Massachusetts or similar business trust, a partnership, or a limited liability company, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of US$5,000,000; or

Category 15. 

Any director or executive officer of the Company; or

Category 16. 

A natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that persons spouse, exceeds US$1,000,000 (excluding the net value of any primary residence unless the amount due under mortgage(s) thereon exceeds the market value thereof or has increased in the last 60 days (other than due to the purchase of such primary residence), in which case such shortfall or increase shall be deducted from the natural persons net worth); or

Category 17. 

A natural person who had an individual income in excess of US$200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with that persons spouse in excess of US$300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; or

Category 16A 

or 17A. 

An Individual Retirement Account (or IRA), the beneficial owner of which is an Accredited Investor under paragraph(s) _____________ [insert one or both of Category 13 or 14]; or

Category 18. 

A trust, with total assets in excess of US$5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) under the U.S. Securities Act; or

Category 18A. 

A revocable trust which does not satisfy Category 18, which may be revoked or amended at any time by its settlors (grantors) and each of its settlors is an Accredited Investor under Category 13; or 

Category 19. 

Any entity in which all of the equity owners meet the requirements of at least one of the other categories set forth in this Schedule; or

Category 20. 

Any entity of a type not listed in Categories 1 through 14, Category 18 or Category 19 that is not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered and that owns investments in excess of US$5,000,000 (for purposes of this Category 20, investments has the meaning set forth in Rule 2a51-1(b) of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended); or

A-2

Category 21. 

Any natural person holding in good standing one or more of the following professional certifications, designations or credentials administered by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) [initial all applicable categories]:

_____(a)A General Securities Representative license (Series 7)

_____(b)A Private Securities Offerings Representative license (Series 82)

_____(c)An Investment Adviser Representative license (Series 65)

Category 22. 

Any family office as defined in Rule 202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (i) with assets under management in excess of US$5,000,000, (ii) that is not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and (iii) whose prospective investment is directed by a person who has knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such family office is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment.

Category 23. 

Any family client as defined in Rule 202(a)(11)(G)-1 under the United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, of a family office meeting the requirements set forth in Category 22 and whose prospective investment is directed by such family office pursuant to subparagraph (iii) of Category 22.

All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement to which this Schedule A is attached.

Dated: March 24th, 2025

Signature of Subscriber 

(or authorized signatory of Subscriber if not a natural person)

Richard Cavalli

Name of Subscriber (please print)

Name and Title of Authorized Signatory

(if Subscriber is not a natural person)

A-3

SCHEDULE B

U.S. INVESTOR QUALIFICATION FORM

U.S. RESIDENTS

INVESTOR QUALIFICATION FORM

CONFIDENTIAL

STIMCELL ENERGETICS.

Instructions: This questionnaire is being presented to each subscriber who has indicated a preliminary interest in being made an offer to purchase securities of StimCell Energetics, Inc., (the Company). The purpose of this questionnaire is to assist the Company in its attempt to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) and other applicable securities laws, since the securities being offered by the Company will not be registered under the Act or any other applicable securities laws.

The Company will endeavour at all times to keep your answers strictly confidential. However, by signing this questionnaire, you agree that the Company may present this questionnaire to such parties as it deems appropriate if called upon to establish the availability under the Act or any other applicable securities laws of an exemption from the registration requirements of those laws.

Please state if the answer to any question is None or Not Applicable. Please complete, sign, date, and return one copy of this questionnaire to the Company.

PLEASE PRINT

Name: 

Richard Cavalli

Principal Place of Business or Residence 

[REDACTED]

City: 

[REDACTED] 

State: 

[REDACTED] 

Country: 

[REDACTED]

Phone No.: 

[REDACTED]

Citizenship / Jurisdiction of Formation 

[REDACTED]

Name and Title 

(of person making investment decision for subscriber if subscriber is not an individual) 

If the subscriber is an individual, please complete Part I and Part II of this questionnaire.If the subscriber is an individual retirement account, please have the individual participant complete this questionnaire. 

If the subscriber is an entity other than an individual, please complete Part I of this questionnaire with respect to the person listed above as making the investment decision for the subscriber, and complete Part III of this questionnaire in respect of the subscriber.

B-1

Part I

To Be Completed By Subscribers Who Are Individuals And Persons Making Investment Decisions For Subscribers Who Are Entities Other Than An Individual.

(1)What is your date of birth? [REDACTED]

(2)Briefly describe educational background, relevant institutions attended, dates, degrees:

(3)Briefly describe business involvement or employment during the past 10 years or since graduation from school, whichever period is shorter. (Specific employers need not be named. A sufficient description is needed to assist the Company in determining the extent of vocationally related experience in financial and business matters).

(4)Investment Experience

(a)Please indicate the frequency of your investment in marketable securities:

( ) Often; ( ) Occasionally; ( ) Seldom; ( ) Never.

(b)Please indicate the frequency of your investment in unmarketable securities; 

( ) Often; ( ) Occasionally; ( ) Seldom; ( ) Never.

(c)Please indicate in the space provided below any additional information which you think may be helpful in enabling the Company to determine that your knowledge and experience in financial and business matters is sufficient to enable you to evaluate the merits and risks of this investment.

COMPLETE PART II OR PART III OF THIS FORM AS APPLICABLE

B-2

Part II

To Be Completed By Subscribers Who Are Individuals.

(5)Have you maintained your residence at the address listed above for the past six months? 

Yes ______ No ______

(6)Do you presently intend to maintain your principal residence in that country/state? 

Yes ______ No ______

(7)Is that country/state presently your country/state of principal employment? 

Yes _____ No ______

(8)If you are a resident of the United States, in what state are you executing this Subscription Agreement?

Oregon

NOTE: Yes answers to questions (1) through (4) are required to establish that you are a bona fide citizen/resident of your country/state. On a separate sheet of paper, please explain any No answers, which might raise questions about your residency.

(9)Income

(a)Was your annual income over $200,000 in 2024? 

Yes ______ No ______

(b)Was your annual income over $200,000 in 2023? 

Yes ______ No ______

(c)Do you anticipate that your annual income for 2025 will be over $200,000? 

Yes ______ No ______

(d)If your responses to questions 5(a) through 5(c) were No, please provide your annual income for those calendar years ending December 31. 

2024: $

2023: $

2025 (expected): $

(10)Joint Income With Spouse

(a)Was your joint annual income with your spouse over $300,000 in 2024?

Yes ______ No ______

(b)Was your joint annual income with your spouse over $300,000 in 2023? 

Yes ______ No ______

(c)Do you anticipate that your joint annual income with your spouse for 2025 will be over $300,000?

Yes ______ No ______

B-3

(d)If your responses to questions 6(a) through 6(c) were No please provide your joint annual income with your spouse for the last two calendar years ending December 31.

2024: $

2023 $

2025 (expected): $

(11)Net Worth

NOTE: When calculating net worth, deduct the total value of your liabilities from the total value of your assets. For purposes of the following questions, the value of your primary residence is the value of your primary residence net of any mortgage or other liabilities secured by your primary residence. If the value of liabilities secured by an asset exceeds the value of the asset (e.g. a mortgage greater than the value of the underlying property), the amount of such excess must be considered a liability and deducted from net worth.

(a)Does your individual net worth or your joint net worth with your spouse (in both cases, including furnishings and automobiles, but excluding the value of your primary residence) exceed $1,000,000 at this time?

Yes _____ No ______

(b)If your response to question 7(a) was No, please provide your net worth (including furnishings and automobiles, but excluding the value of your primary residence)

Individual Net Worth: $

Joint Net Worth With Spouse: $

(c)Does your individual net worth or your joint net worth with your spouse (in both cases excluding primary residence, furnishings and automobiles) exceed $1,000,000 at this time?

Yes _____ No ______

(d)If your response to question 8(a) was No, please provide your net worth (excluding primary residence, furnishings and automobiles).

Individual Net Worth: $

Joint Net Worth With Spouse: $

PLEASE COMPLETE AND SIGN THE CERTIFICATION FORM ON PAGE B-7.

B-4

PART III

To Be Completed By Subscribers That Are Not Individuals

(12)Corporations, Partnerships or Similar Entities (LLCs, LLPs, etc)

(a)Was the subscriber organized for the purpose of acquiring the Companys securities?

Yes ______ No ______

(b)If your response to 12(a) was Yes please provide an explanation in the space provided below.

(c)Do the total assets of the subscriber exceed $5,000,000?

Yes ______ No ______

(d)If your response to 12(c) was No please provide the value of the subscribers total assets:

$

(e)If your response to 12(c) was No are all of the equity owners of the subscriber accredited investors:

Yes ______ No ______

(f)If your response to 12(e) was Yes, please list all of the equity owners of the subscriber below. Each equity owner listed below must complete a separate Investor Qualification Form and must return their individual Investor Qualification Form to the Company.

(13)Trusts

NOTE: In addition to the information below, the Company may also require you to provide copies of the subscribers trust documents.

(a)Please identify the trustee of the subscriber:

(b)Is the trustee of the subscriber a bank as defined in the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or a savings and loan association, building and loan association, cooperative bank, homestead association, or similar institution, which is supervised and examined by State or Federal authority having supervision over any such institution

Yes ______ No ______

(c)Was the subscriber organized for the purpose of acquiring the Companys securities?

Yes ______ No ______

B-5

(d)If your response to 12(a) was Yes please provide an explanation in the space provided below.

(e)Do the total assets of the subscriber exceed $5,000,000? NOTE: Do not include the value of any assets of the trustee or the beneficiaries of the trust.

Yes ______ No ______

(f)If your response to 13(e) was No please provide the value of the subscribers total assets:

$

(g)If your response to 13(b) and 13(e) was No, is the subscriber a revocable trust that may be amended or revoked at any time by the grantors of the trust?

Yes ______ No ______

(h)If your response to 13(g) was Yes, please list all of the grantors of the trust below. Each grantor listed below must complete a separate Investor Qualification Form and must return their individual Investor Qualification Form to the Company.

PLEASE COMPLETE AND SIGN THE CERTIFICATION FORM ON PAGE B-7.

B-6

The undersigned hereby certifies and agrees that the information contained in this certificate is complete and accurate and may be relied upon by the Company, and the undersigned further agrees to notify the Company of any material change in any of the forgoing information occurring prior to the acceptance of the undersigneds subscription by the Company.

Signature of Subscriber 

(or authorized signatory if not an individual): 

Name of Subscriber: 

Richard Cavalli

Name and Title of Authorized Signatory

(if not an individual) 

Address of Subscriber: 

[REDACTED]

B-7

SCHEDULE C

CONTACT INFORMATION OF PUBLIC OFFICIALS REGARDING 

INDIRECT COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

Alberta Securities Commission 

Suite 600, 250 5th Street SW 

Calgary, Alberta T2P 0R4 

Telephone: 403-297-6454 Toll free in Canada: 1-877-355-0585 

Facsimile: 403-297-2082 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information:

FOIP Coordinator 

British Columbia Securities Commission 

P.O. Box 10142, Pacific Centre 

701 West Georgia Street 

Vancouver, British Columbia V7Y 1L2 

Inquiries: 604-899-6854 Toll free in Canada: 1-800-373-6393 

Facsimile: 604-899-6581 

Email: FOI-privacy@bcsc.bc.ca 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: 

FOI Inquiries

The Manitoba Securities Commission 

500 400 St. Mary Avenue 

Winnipeg, Manitoba R3C 4K5 

Telephone: 204-945-2561 

Toll free in Manitoba 1-800-655-5244 

Facsimile: 204-945-0330 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Director 

Financial and Consumer Services Commission (New Brunswick) 

85 Charlotte Street, Suite 300 

Saint John, New Brunswick E2L 2J2 

Telephone: 506-658-3060 Toll free in Canada: 1-866-933-2222 

Facsimile: 506-658-3059 

Email: info@fcnb.ca 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information:

Chief Executive Officer and Privacy Officer

Government of Newfoundland and Labrador 

Financial Services Regulation Division 

P.O. Box 8700, Confederation Building 

2nd Floor, West Block 

Prince Philip Drive 

St. Johns, Newfoundland and Labrador A1B 4J6 

Attention: Director of Securities 

Telephone: 709-729-4189 Facsimile: 709-729-6187 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Superintendent of Securities 

Government of the Northwest Territories 

Office of the Superintendent of Securities 

P.O. Box 1320 

Yellowknife, Northwest Territories X1A 2L9 

Telephone: 867-767-9305 Facsimile: 867-873-0243 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Superintendent of Securities

Nova Scotia Securities Commission 

Suite 400, 5251 Duke Street 

Duke Tower 

P.O. Box 458 

Halifax, Nova Scotia B3J 2P8 

Telephone: 902-424-7768 Facsimile: 902-424-4625 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Executive Director 

Government of Nunavut 

Department of Justice 

Legal Registries Division 

P.O. Box 1000, Station 570 

1st Floor, Brown Building 

Iqaluit, Nunavut X0A 0H0 

Telephone: 867-975-6590 Facsimile: 867-975-6594 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Superintendent of Securities

Ontario Securities Commission 

20 Queen Street West, 22nd Floor 

Toronto, Ontario M5H 3S8 

Telephone: 416-593- 8314 Toll free in Canada: 1-877-785-1555 

Facsimile: 416-593-8122 

Email: exemptmarketfilings@osc.gov.on.ca 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Inquiries Officer 

Prince Edward Island Securities Office 

95 Rochford Street, 4th Floor Shaw Building 

P.O. Box 2000 

Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island C1A 7N8 

Telephone: 902-368-4569 Facsimile: 902-368-5283 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Superintendent of Securities

Autorit des marchs financiers 

800, Square Victoria, 22e tage 

C.P. 246, Tour de la Bourse 

Montral, Qubec H4Z 1G3 

Telephone: 514-395-0337 or 1-877-525-0337 

Facsimile: 514-864-6381 

Email: financementdessocietes@lautorite.qc.ca 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Secrtaire gnrale 

Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan 

Suite 601 1919 Saskatchewan Drive 

Regina, Saskatchewan S4P 4H2 

Telephone: 306-787-5842 Facsimile: 306-787-5899 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Director

Government of Yukon 

Department of Community Services 

Office of the Superintendent of Securities 

307 Black Street 

Whitehorse, Yukon Y1A 2N1 

Telephone: 867-667-5466 Facsimile: 867-393-6251 

Email: securities@gov.yk.ca 

Public official contact regarding indirect collection of information: Superintendent of Securities

H-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>stme_ex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NEWS RELEASE DATED MARCH 26, 2025
<TEXT>
News release dated March 26, 2025

StimCell Energetics Provides Sneak Peek at eBalance Redesign Progress and Announces Shares for Debt Transaction and the engagement of Independent Investor Relations Consultant

Vancouver, BC March 26, 2025 StimCell Energetics Inc. (OTC PINK: STME) (StimCell or the Company), a biotech pioneer targeting cellular energy to enhance wellness, anti-aging, and longevity, is pleased to provide a progress report on the redesign of its flagship eBalance microcurrent therapeutic device. StimCell also announced the settlement of outstanding indebtedness owed to an arms-length third party for shares of its common stock and the engagement of a third party investor relations provider. 

Next-Generation eBalance: Smaller, Smarter, and Consumer Oriented

StimCell Energetics is excited to offer a sneak peek at v.1 of the redesigned eBalance microcurrent therapy device, now tailored specifically for home users. The updated eBalance promises a smaller, more compact form factor than the original, with operation streamlined through a custom iOS/Android app that will be available on mobile and tablet devices. This app will deliver personalized health information, track each treatment session, and support multiple profiles for family members. It will also track biofeedback from the device and store treatment data for future reference. This early look at the revamped eBalance highlights StimCells commitment to bringing cutting-edge, user-friendly wellness technology into homes everywhere.

eBalance prototype

eBalance is unique in the microcurrent therapy market in that it is the only preventative therapeutic device designed as a lifestyle treatment to be implemented two to three times per week for fifteen minutes per session.

Were thrilled to bring a more intuitive and consumer-oriented version of eBalance to market, said David Jeffs, CEO of StimCell Energetics. By combining cutting-edge 

microcurrent technology with smart app integration, were empowering users to take charge of their health from the comfort of home.

Debt Settlement Enhances Financial Stability

In a move to strengthen its balance sheet, StimCell has settled $15,000 in outstanding debt through the issuance of 75,000 shares of the Companys common stock (the Debt Settlement). This transaction, completed at a deemed price of $0.20 per share, reflects the Companys commitment to improving its financial position and creating value for shareholders. 

Strategic Partnership with Rain Communications

StimCell has engaged Rain Communications Inc., a premier investor relations and public relations firm based in Vancouver, British Columbia, to provide comprehensive services for an eight-month term commencing on March 18, 2025. Rain Communications will endeavor to increase awareness of StimCell, its eBalance product, and its securities. Services will include the creation and distribution of marketing materials, as well as potential paid advertising campaigns, aimed at amplifying the Companys visibility among investors and consumers alike. Rain Communications is an independent service provider and, except as disclosed below, does not directly or indirectly have an interest in the securities of the Company.

Partnering with Rain Communications marks a pivotal step in sharing our vision with a broader audience, noted Mr. Jeffs. Rains expertise will help us highlight the transformative potential of eBalance and drive long-term growth.

Under the agreement, Rain Communications will receive 125,000 shares in the Companys common stock per month for services rendered at a deemed price of $0.20 per share. 

The shares of common stock to be issued in connection with the Debt Settlement and to Rain Communications are being issued pursuant to exemptions from the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws and will be subject to a four-month hold period from the date of issuance. Such shares may note be traded in or from any jurisdiction in Canada except in compliance with the conditions set forth in Canadian Multilateral Instrument 51-105 Issuers Quoted in the U.S. Over-the-Counter Markets. Such shares are also being issued pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act), as amended and applicable state securities laws. Such shares may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements thereof.

About StimCell Energetics Inc.

StimCell Energetics Inc. is a biotech company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutic and non-therapeutic products that enhance cellular function, promote general wellness and alleviate health complications including, but not limited to: aging, insulin sensitivity, high blood pressure, neuropathy and kidney function. The Companys main focus is on continued research and development of its eBalance Technology and its eBalance Home System.

On behalf of the Board of Directors of StimCell Energetics Inc.

David Jeffs

CEO, Director

For further information:

info@stimcell.com

www.StimCell.com. 

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are identified by words such as expects, intends, estimates, projects, anticipates, believes, could, and other similar words. All statements addressing product performance, events, or developments that the Company expects or anticipates will occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Because the statements are forward-looking, they should be evaluated in light of important risk factors and uncertainties, some of which are described in the Companys Quarterly, Annual and Current Reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Companys underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those currently anticipated. In addition, undue reliance should not be placed on Companys forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, StimCell Energetics Inc. disclaims any obligation to update or publicly announce any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. No stock exchange, securities commission or other regulatory body has reviewed nor accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Investors are advised to carefully review the reports and documents that StimCell Energetics Inc. files from time to time with the SEC, including its Annual, Quarterly and Current Reports.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>stme-20250318_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>stme-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Amendment Flag 

EntityTaxIdentificationNumber 

Details 

EntityAddressCityOrTown 

PreCommencementTenderOffer 

CityAreaCode 

EntityAddressPostalZipCode 

EntityAddressAddressLine1 

SolicitingMaterial 

EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode 

WrittenCommunications 

Registrant CIK 

Document Period End Date 

Document Type 

PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer 

EntityEmergingGrowthCompany 

Entity Registrant Name 

EntityFileNumber 

LocalPhoneNumber 

EntityAddressStateOrProvince
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>stme-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>stme-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
000010 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>stmeex991_1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>IMAGE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>stmeex991_2.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>IMAGE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 18, 2025

Details 

Registrant CIK 0001493712

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name STIMCELL ENERGETICS INC.

EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode NV

EntityFileNumber 000-54500

EntityTaxIdentificationNumber 38-3939625

EntityAddressAddressLine1 820 - 1130 Pender Street, West

EntityAddressCityOrTown Vancouver

EntityAddressStateOrProvince BC

EntityAddressPostalZipCode V6E 4A4

CityAreaCode 844

LocalPhoneNumber 238-2692

WrittenCommunications false

SolicitingMaterial false

PreCommencementTenderOffer false

PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer false

EntityEmergingGrowthCompany false

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract

Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000010 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://stimcell.com/20250318/role/idr_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

stme-20250318.htm 
stme-20250318.xsd 
stme-20250318_def.xml 
stme-20250318_lab.xml 
stme-20250318_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001139020-25-000008-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>stme-20250318_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001493712 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001493712 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
STIMCELL ENERGETICS INC. 
NV 
000-54500 
38-3939625 
820 - 1130 Pender Street, West 
Vancouver 
BC 
V6E 4A4 
844 
238-2692 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>