<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004477.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004477.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131170315
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004477
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NextTrip, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000788611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				820404220
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38015
		FILM NUMBER:		25579276

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 526-9688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3900 PASEO DEL SOL
		CITY:			SANTE FE
		STATE:			NM
		ZIP:			87507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA ADDITIVE SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIGMA LABS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRAMEWAVES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--02-28000078861100007886112025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 28, 2025

NextTrip,
Inc.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 001-38015 27-1865814

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

3900
Paseo del Sol 

Santa
Fe, New Mexico 87507

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (505)438-2576

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share NTRP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Amendment
No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement

As
previously disclosed in that certain Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on December 13, 2024 (the Prior 8-K), on December 9, 2024, NextTrip, Inc. (the Company) entered and NextTrip
Holdings, Inc. (NTH), via William Kerby as its shareholder representative, entered into a forbearance agreement (the Forbearance
Agreement) related to the issuance of certain contingent shares (the Contingent Shares) of Company common stock
issuable upon NTH earning certain milestones as provided in that certain share exchange agreement entered into by and among the Company,
NTH and NextTrip Group, LLC, the sole stockholder of NTH, and the NTH shareholder representative, pursuant to which the Company acquired
100% of NTH in exchange for shares of Company common stock. Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, NTH agreed to forbear from issuing
the Milestone Payment Determination Date (as defined in the Share Agreement) notice until January 31, 2025 or earlier in the event of
a default (the Forbearance Expiration Date) in exchange for an agreement by the Company that, if its Nasdaq initial listing
application is not approved by such date, (i) all earned Contingent Shares will be issued withing five business days of the Forbearance
Expiration Date and (ii) all board appointment rights will be exercised and such members will be approved within five business days of
the Forbearance Expiration Date.

On
January 31, 2025, due to continued delays caused by regulatory matters, the Company and NTH, via William Kerby as its shareholder representative,
entered into Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement, pursuant to which the Forbearance Expiration Date was extended to March 31, 2025
or earlier in the event of a default. All other terms of the Forbearance Agreement remain in full force and effect.

The
foregoing summary of Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by, the copy of the Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this
Current Report), which is incorporated herein by reference.

Series
N Preferred Stock and Warrant Offering

On
January 28, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an accredited
investor (the Purchaser), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold the Purchaser (i) 17,000 restricted shares of newly
designated Series N Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series N Preferred) and (ii) warrants to
purchase 17,000 shares of Company common stock (the Warrants), at a combined purchase price of $5.00 per share and Warrant.

The
Series N Preferred shall be convertible into the Companys common stock on such date that the Company obtains stockholder approval
to remove the Exchange Cap (as described below). See Item 5.03 below for a description of the terms of the Series N Preferred, which
is incorporated by reference herein.

Subject
to the Exchange Cap, the Warrants may be exercised commencing six months from the date of issuance (the Initial Exercise Date),
will terminate three years from the Initial Exercise Date, and have an exercise price of $7.50 per share.

The
Purchase Agreement includes conversion and exercise limitations which provide that the Company shall not issue or sell any shares of
its common stock pursuant to the conversions of Series N Preferred stock or exercises of the Warrants to the extent that after giving
effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of common stock that would be issued would exceed 19.99% of the shares of common stock
outstanding on the date of the Purchase Agreement (which number of shares shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number
of shares of common stock issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement under applicable rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market) (the Exchange Cap) unless and
until the Company elects to solicit stockholder approval of the issuance of common stock as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and
the stockholders of the Company have in fact approved such issuance in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq
Capital Market.

The
Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, conditions to closing, indemnification rights and obligations of the
parties and termination provisions.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering as working capital for general corporate purposes.

The
foregoing summary of the Purchase Agreement and Warrants does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety
by, the forms of such documents attached as Exhibit 10.2 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report, which are incorporated herein
by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information in Item 1.01 regarding the sale and issuance of the Series N Preferred Shares and Warrants is hereby incorporated herein
by reference.

The
Series N Preferred Shares and Warrants issued by the Company (the Securities) have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws, and were issued to the respective recipients
in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section
4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Accordingly, the Securities constitute, and the shares of
Company common stock underlying the Series N Preferred Shares and Warrants, when issued upon conversion of the Series N Preferred Shares
and exercise of the Warrants, respectively, will constitute, restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under
the Act.

Item
5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On
January 30, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Series N Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series N Certificate
of Designation) with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, designating 500,000 shares of the Companys preferred
stock as Series N Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share.

The
terms and conditions set forth in the Series N Certificate of Designation are summarized below:

Ranking.
The Series N Preferred rank pari passu to the Companys common stock.

Dividends.
Holders of Series N Preferred will be entitled to dividends, on an as-converted basis, equal to dividends actually paid, if any,
on shares of Company common stock.

Voting.
Except as provided by the Series N Certificate of Designation, or as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes, holders of Series
N Preferred are not entitled to voting rights. However, the Company may not, without the consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Series N Preferred, (i) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series N Preferred or alter
or amend the Series N Certificate of Designation, (ii) amend its amended and restated articles of incorporation, amended and restated
bylaws or other charter documents in any manner that adversely effects any rights of the holders of the Series N Preferred, or (c) enter
into any agreement with respect to the foregoing.

Conversion.
On the third business day after the date that the Companys stockholders approve the conversion of Series N Preferred into shares
of common stock in accordance with the listing rules of Nasdaq, each outstanding share of Series N Preferred shall automatically be converted
into one share of Company common stock (subject to adjustment under certain limited circumstances) (the Series N Conversion Ratio),
subject to beneficial ownership limitations.

Liquidation.
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, holders of Series N Preferred
will be entitled to participate, on an as-converted-to-common stock basis calculated based on the Series N Conversion Ratio (as defined
in the Series N Certificate of Designation), with holders of Company common stock in any distribution of assets of the Company to holders
of the Companys common stock.

The
foregoing summary of the Series N Certificate of Designation does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by, the copy of the Series N Certificate of Designation attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report, which is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
Number Description

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Series N Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock.

4.1 Form of Warrant.

10.1 Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2054.

10.2 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL Document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

Date:
January 31, 2025 By: /s/
William Kerby

Name: William
Kerby

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION

OF

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

Pursuant
to Section 78.1955 of the

Nevada
Revised Statutes

SERIES
N NONVOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

The
undersigned, William Kerby, Chief Executive Officer, does hereby certify that:

1.
He is the President and Chief Executive Officer of NextTrip, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Corporation).

2.
The Corporation is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which (a) 1,621,500 shares have been designated as Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (b) 1,000 shares have been designated as Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (c) 1,500 shares have been designated as Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (d) 7,796 shares have been designated as Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock, none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (e) 500 shares have been designated as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock,
316 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (f) 5,843,997 shares have been designated as Series F Convertible Preferred Stock,
none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (g) 100,000 shares have been designated as Series G Convertible Preferred Stock,
none of which are presently issued and outstanding; (h) 150,000 shares have been designated as Series H Convertible Preferred Stock,
33,000 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (i) 331,124 shares have been designated as Series I Convertible Preferred Stock,
126,204 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (j) 297,788 shares have been designated as Series J Nonvoting Convertible Preferred
Stock, 297,788 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (k) 60,595 shares have been designated as Series K Nonvoting Convertible
Preferred Stock, 60,595 of which are presently issued and outstanding; (l) 579,469 shares have been designated as Series L Nonvoting
Convertible Preferred Stock, 579,469 of which are presently issued and outstanding; and (m) 165,562 shares have been designated as Series
M Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock, 133,278 of which are presently issued and outstanding.

3.
The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS,
the amended and restated articles of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation),
provide for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 10,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value per share, issuable
from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of
redemption and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series
and the designation thereof, of any of them; and

WHEREAS,
it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and
other matters relating to a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of up to five hundred thousand (500,000) shares of Series
N Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock, as follows:

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock for cash or
exchange of other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters
relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

1. Definitions.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

- 1 -

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking institutions in New York, New
York are authorized to close for business; provided that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated to be closed due to
a shelter in place or similar closure of physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority if such
banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open for use by customers on such day.

Common
Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).

Conversion
Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Converted
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a)

Holder
means, as of a given point in time, a Person who holds Preferred Stock.

Liquidation
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Person
means an individual, corporation, exempted company, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership, exempted limited
partnership or limited liability partnership), limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including
a government, domestic or foreign, or political subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, among the Corporation and each Purchaser,
as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Purchasers
means each of those purchasers that purchases securities of the Corporation pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as identified on the
signature pages to the Purchase Agreement.

Requisite
Holders means holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (excluding, for the avoidance of
doubt, any shares of Preferred Stock that are held by the Corporation or its controlled Affiliates (including in treasury), whether repurchased,
redeemed or otherwise acquired, which shall not be entitled to a vote).

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

- 2 -

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(c).

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto
and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

2.
Designation, Amount and Par Value. This series of preferred stock shall be designated and known as Series N Nonvoting Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock). The number of shares constituting the Preferred Stock shall be five
hundred thousand (500,000) shares. Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share.

3.
Ranking. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Preferred Stock shall, with respect to rights on liquidation, winding up and
dissolution, rank pari passu to the common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Corporation.

4.
Dividends. Holders of Preferred Stock (each a Holder and collectively, the Holders)
shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock
basis calculated based on the Conversion Ratio, disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations or liquidation preferences hereunder)
to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of
the Common Stock. Other than as set forth in the previous sentence, no other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock, and
the Corporation shall pay no dividends (other than dividends in the form of Common Stock) on shares of the Common Stock unless it simultaneously
complies with the previous sentence.

5.
Voting. Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes, the Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock alter or change adversely the powers, preferences
or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, amend or repeal any provision of, or add any
provision to, the Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation, or file any articles of amendment,
certificate of designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of any series of Preferred Stock, if such action would adversely
alter or change the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Preferred Stock, regardless
of whether any of the foregoing actions shall be by means of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, reclassification, conversion or otherwise. Holders of shares of Common Stock acquired upon the conversion of shares
of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the same voting rights as each other holder of Common Stock, except that such holders may not
vote such shares upon the proposal for Stockholder Approval in accordance with Rule 5635 of the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC.

6.
Liquidation Rights.

(a) Liquidation.
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary (each a Liquidation
Event), the Holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate, on an as-converted-to-Common Stock basis calculated
based on the Conversion Ratio (disregarding for such purpose any conversion limitations or liquidation preferences hereunder), with holders
of the Common Stock in any distribution of assets of the Corporation to the holders of the Common Stock.

(b) Valuation
of Non-Cash Consideration. If any assets of the Corporation distributed to stockholders in connection with any liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up of the Corporation are other than cash, then the value of such assets shall be their fair market value as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors. In the event of a merger or other acquisition of the Corporation by another entity, the distribution
date shall be deemed to be the date such transaction closes.

- 3 -

7.
Conversion.

(a) Automatic
Conversion. Effective as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the third Business Day after the date that the Corporations stockholders
approve the conversion of the Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Date) in accordance with
the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, as set forth in Section 4.7 of the Purchase Agreement (the Stockholder Approval),
each share of Preferred Stock then outstanding shall automatically convert into a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion
Ratio (as defined below), subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (the Automatic Conversion). In determining
the application of the Beneficial Ownership Limitations solely with respect to the Automatic Conversion, the Corporation shall calculate
beneficial ownership for each Holder assuming beneficial ownership by such Holder of: (x) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
to such Holder in such Automatic Conversion, plus (y) any additional shares of Common Stock for which a Holder has provided the Corporation
with prior written notice of beneficial ownership within 30 days prior to the date of Stockholder Approval (a Beneficial Ownership
Statement) and assuming the conversion of all shares of Preferred Stock held by all other Holders less the aggregate number
of shares of Preferred Stock held by all other Holders that will not convert into shares of Common Stock on account of the application
of any Beneficial Ownership Limitations applicable to any such other Holders. If a Holder fails to provide the Corporation with a Beneficial
Ownership Statement within 30 days prior to the date of Stockholder Approval, then the Corporation shall presume the Holders beneficial
ownership of Common Stock (excluding the Conversion Shares) to be zero. The shares of Preferred Stock that are converted in the Automatic
Conversion are referred to as the Converted Stock. The Conversion Shares shall be issued as follows: each outstanding share
of Preferred Stock shall be automatically converted into one (1) share of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as set forth herein) (the
Conversion Ratio). The shares of Preferred Stock that are converted pursuant to this Section 7 are referred to as
the Converted Stock.

(b)
Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than five (5) Business Days after the Conversion Date, the Corporation
shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holders such number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred
Stock. The Conversion Shares shall be issued as follows:

i. Converted
Stock that is registered in book entry form shall be automatically cancelled upon the Conversion Date and converted into the corresponding
Conversion Shares, which shares shall be issued in book entry form and without any action on the part of the Holders and shall be delivered
to the Holders within two (2) Business Days of the effectiveness of the conversion.

ii. Converted
Stock that is issued in certificated form shall be deemed converted into the corresponding Conversion Shares on the Conversion Date and
the Holders rights as a holder of such shares of Converted Stock shall cease and terminate on such date, excepting only the right
to receive the Conversion Shares upon the Holder tendering to the Corporation (or its designated agent) the stock certificate(s) (duly
endorsed) representing such certificated Converted Stock and any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity
to such Holder because of a failure by the Corporation to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designation.

(c) Delivery
of Certificate or Book Entry Form. Upon conversion, not later than two (2) Business Days after the Conversion Date, or if the Holder
requests the issuance of physical certificate(s), two (2) Business Days after receipt by the Corporation of the original certificate(s)
representing such shares of Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed by the Holder (the Share Delivery Date),
the Corporation shall either: (a) in the event that the Holder has so elected in a written notice to the Corporation, deliver, or cause
to be delivered, to the converting Holder a physical certificate or certificates representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired
upon the conversion of shares of Preferred Stock or (b) otherwise shall issue and deliver to such Holder or such Holders nominees,
documentation of the book entry for the number of Conversion Shares being acquired.

- 4 -

(d) Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything contrary herein, the Corporation shall not effect the conversion of any of the Preferred
Stock held by a Holder, and such Holder shall not have the right to convert any of the Preferred Stock held by such Holder pursuant to
the terms and conditions of this Certificate of Designation and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated as if never made,
to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, such Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties))
collectively would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing
sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include
the number of shares of Common Stock held by such Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number
of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted Preferred Stock beneficially owned
by such Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of
any other securities of the Corporation (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 7(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Corporation is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 7(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of the Holders Preferred Stock
is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the
Holders determination of whether the Holders Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the
Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of the Holders Preferred Stock is convertible,
in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7(d), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected
in (A) the Corporations most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent
public announcement by the Corporation or (C) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within one Trading
Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including
the Preferred Stock, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder
in compliance with this Section 7(d) prior to the issuance of any Preferred Stock, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Holders
Preferred Stock. The Holder, upon notice to the Corporation, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions
of this Section 7(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Stock held
by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 7(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 7(d) to correct this paragraph (or any
portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make
changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of shares of Preferred Stock.

(d)
Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation shall reserve and keep
available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred
Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holders,
not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase
Agreement) be issuable upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. All shares of Common Stock that shall be
so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

- 5 -

(e)
Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall
be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which a Holder would otherwise be entitled to receive
upon such conversion, the Corporation shall round down to the next whole share of Common Stock.

(f)
Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares shall be made without
charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion
Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in
the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred
Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation
that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all transfer agent fees required for same-day processing of any Conversion and
all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day
electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

(g)
Certain Adjustments.

i.
Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while the Preferred Stock is outstanding:
(A) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares; or (B) combines (including by way of a reverse stock
split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then the Conversion Ratio shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately
after such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event
(excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation). Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(g) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision or combination. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment to the Conversion
Ratio, the Corporation, at its expense, shall, as promptly as reasonably possible but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days
thereafter, compute such adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and furnish to each Holder a certificate setting forth such adjustment
and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. The Corporation shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable after
the written request at any time of any Holder (but in any event not later than five (5) Business Days thereafter), furnish or cause to
be furnished to such Holder a certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Ratio then in effect and (ii) the number of shares of Common
Stock which then would be received by such Holder upon conversion.

ii.
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest
cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of
Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

8.
Redemption Right. The Preferred Stock shall not have any redemption rights.

9.
Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices.
Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received
by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail
of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business
day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent (a) to the Corporation, at its principal executive offices
and (b) to any stockholder, at such holders address at it appears in the stock records of the Corporation (or at such other address
for a stockholder as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 9).

(b)
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of a Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

- 6 -

(c)
Transfer of Preferred Stock. A Holder may transfer some or all of its shares of Preferred Stock without the consent of the Corporation
so long as such transfer complies with all applicable securities laws.

(d)
Amendment. This Certificate of Designation or any provision hereof may be amended by
obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or written consent without a meeting in accordance with the
Nevada Revised Statutes, by a majority of the Holders, voting separate as a single class, and with such other stockholder approval, if
any, as may then be required pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes or the Articles of Incorporation.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned has signed this Designation this 30th day of January 2025.

NEXTTRIP,
INC. 

By:

/s/
Frank Orzechowski 

Name:
Frank
Orzechowski, Chief Financial Officer 

- 7 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

Warrant Shares:
[________] Issue Date: January
__, 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [___________] or its assigns (the
Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time or times on or after the date that is six (6) months from the Issue Date (the Initial Exercise Date)
and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on July [__], 2028, the three (3) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the
Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from NextTrip, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
Company), up to [________] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined
in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated January [_], 2025, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(c)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has
been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably
practicable of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver
any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $7.50, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register
in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise
to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the
delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company
and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received by the
Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this
Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement
period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect
on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

2

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(c)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

v.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

3

vi.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

d)
Holders Exercise Limitations.

i.
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right
to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock held by such Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock
which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or
any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or
exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that
the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder
is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in
this Section 2(d) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion
of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant
is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which
portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall
within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon
election by a Holder in compliance with this Section 2(d) prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.
The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(d),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of
this Section 2(d) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder
of this Warrant.

4

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such
record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale
of such Purchase Rights.

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof) immediately before the date of which a
record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock
are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution.

5

d)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary),
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange
offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender
or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding
Common Stock or more than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one
or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share
exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v)
the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another
Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more
than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any
subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to
this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the
purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and
which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of
such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor
Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and
the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally,
had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this
Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares
and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

6

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

7

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

8

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(c)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. In no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The
Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein
without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be
listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this
Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith,
be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in
respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will
have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

9

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that
the right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase
Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages
to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any
amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

NEXTTRIP,
INC.

By:

Name: William Kerby

Title: Chief Executive Officer

11

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To: NEXTTRIP,
inc.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of lawful money of the United States.

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: __________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Date:
_________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:____________________________ 

Holders
Address:_____________________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

AMENDMENT
NO. 1

TO

FORBEARANCE
AGREEMENT

This
Amendment No. 1 (this Amendment) to that certain Forbearance Agreement, dated December 9, 2024 (the Forbearance
Agreement), is made and entered into effective as of January 31, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and among
NextTrip Holdings, Inc. (Holdings) via William Kerby, in his capacity as the representative of Holdings shareholders
(the Holdings Representative), and NextTrip, Inc. (the Company). Capitalized terms used in
this Amendment that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Forbearance Agreement.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company and Holdings entered into the Forbearance Agreement whereby Holdings agreed to forbear from exercising certain of its rights
and remedies under that certain Share Exchange Agreement, dated October 12, 2023, by and among the Company, Holdings, NextTrip Group,
LLC (the sole stockholder of Holdings), and the Holdings Representative;

WHEREAS,
the Company and Holdings now desire to amend the terms of the Forbearance Agreement as set forth below; and

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 6 of the Forbearance Agreement, no amendment or modification of any provision of the Forbearance Agreement
shall be effective without the written agreement of the Company and Holdings.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, all of the parties
hereto mutually agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.
Amendment to Section 1 of the Forbearance Agreement. The definition of Forbearance Expiration Date set forth in
Section 1 of the Forbearance Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

Forbearance
Expiration Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) any Forbearance Default and (ii) March 31, 2025.

2.
Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed in all respects by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to principles of conflicts of law provisions of the State of Delaware or any other state.

3.
No Further Modifications. Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, all of the terms, covenants, and provisions of the
Forbearance Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms. Except as expressly modified by
this Amendment, the Forbearance Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. In the event of any inconsistency between
the provisions of the Forbearance Agreement and this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall control.

4.
Counterparts; Facsimile. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and
all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Executed signatures transmitted via facsimile will be accepted and considered
duly executed.

[Signature
Page Follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Holdings have executed this Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement as of the Effective Date.

COMPANY:

NextTrip, Inc.,

By: /s/
Frank Orzechowski

Frank Orzechowski, Chief Financial Officer

HOLDINGS:

NextTrip Holdings,
Inc.

By: /s/
William Kerby

William Kerby, Shareholders Representative

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 1 to Forbearance Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January [_], 2025, between NextTrip, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors
and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of Section
5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue
and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company
as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designation or the Warrant (in each case, as defined herein), and
(b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Articles
of Incorporation means the amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended, of the Company on file with the Secretary
of State of Nevada.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking institutions in New York, New
York are authorized to close for business; provided that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated to be closed due to
a shelter in place or similar closure of physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority if such
banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate
of Designation means the Certificate of Designation to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary of
State of the State of Nevada, in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
Counsel means Snell & Wilmer LLP, with offices located at 12230 El Camino Real, Suite 300, San Diego, California 92130.

Conversion
Ratio shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Certificate of Designation.

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares in accordance with
the terms hereof.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange
Cap means that the Company shall not issue or sell any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the issuance of Conversion Shares
or exercise of Warrant Shares to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would
be issued would exceed 19.99% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding on the date of this Agreement (which number of shares shall be
reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or series
of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under applicable rules of the Nasdaq Capital
Market or any other Trading Market on which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted, unless and until the Company elects to solicit
stockholder approval of the issuance of Common Stock as contemplated by this Agreement and the stockholders of the Company have in fact
approved such issuance in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other Trading Market
on which the Common Stock may be then listed or quoted.

2

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $5.00, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual, corporation, exempted company, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership, exempted limited
partnership or limited liability partnership), limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including
a government, domestic or foreign, or political subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Preferred
Shares means the up to 500,000 shares of the Companys Series N Nonvoting Convertible Preferred Stock issued or issuable
to the Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement, having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Preferred Shares, the Conversion Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

3

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Preferred Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount,
in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, the Pink Open Market, OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designation, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto
and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Issuer Direct Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1981 Murray Holladay
Road, Suite 100 Salt Lake City, Utah 84117, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means collectively, the Warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants
shall be exercisable on or after the date that is six (6) months following the date of issuance, and have a term of exercise equal to
three (3) years from the Initial Exercise Date.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,
agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $2,500,000 of Preferred Shares and Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via
wire transfer immediately available funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto
executed by such Purchaser, and the Company shall deliver to the Company each Purchasers respective Preferred Shares and Warrant,
as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2(b)
deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take
place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation.

4

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
subject to Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions;

(iii)
a certificate evidencing that number of Preferred Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share
Purchase Price, which Preferred Shares shall be registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iv)
evidence of the filing and acceptance of the Certificate of Designation from the Secretary of State of Nevada; and

(v)
a Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the sum of such
Purchasers Subscription Amount, with an exercise price equal to $7.50 per share, subject to adjustment therein.

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing by the Company.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein, in
which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such date);

5

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

6

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports. The Company owns, directly
or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive
and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries
or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

7

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the notice
and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Conversion
Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (ii) the filing of Form D with the Commission,
(iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (iv) as it relates to the conversion of Preferred
Shares to Common Stock, stockholder approval for the removal of the Exchange Cap (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Preferred Shares, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company shall reserve from
its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock necessary for issuance as the Preferred Shares and the Warrant Shares.

8

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is set forth in the SEC Reports. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no
Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth in the SEC
Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating
to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe
for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange
or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in
the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar
provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may
become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom
stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws,
and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required
for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the
SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with
respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be
otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain
all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

9

(i)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, other placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(j)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received
notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company is, and has
no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in
connection with such electronic transfer.

(k)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of the
Securities, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company
are listed or designated.

10

(l)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(m)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(n)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(o)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(p)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(q)
Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be
paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

11

(r)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities. Such
Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities
are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law
and is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling
such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention
of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or
indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right
to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws).

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it converts any Preferred Shares or exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

12

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

13

(g)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(h)
Restrictions Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity.
Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it is understood and acknowledged by the Purchaser that:
(i) the Purchasers have been asked by the Company and the Purchasers agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling short, securities of
the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company; (ii) past or future open market or other
transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before
or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys
publicly-traded securities; and (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser
is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may not have a short position in the Common Stock. The Purchasers further
acknowledge that (y) the Purchasers may not engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding,
including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Conversion Shares or the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect
to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders
equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Purchasers acknowledge that
such aforementioned hedging activities constitute a breach of the Transaction Documents.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

14

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Removal of Legends.

(a)
The Preferred Shares, Conversion Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities
laws. In connection with any transfer of Preferred Shares, Conversion Shares, Warrants or the Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an
effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated
in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to
the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Warrants under the Securities Act.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Preferred Shares, Conversion
Shares, Warrants or Warrant Shares in the following form:

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE OR EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
OR EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN
WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section
4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, if any,
or (ii) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements
issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser
promptly if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively.
If all or any portion of a Preferred Share is converted into shares of Common Stock or a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is
an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares, as applicable, or if such Conversion
Shares and/or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of
the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Conversion
Shares and/or Warrant Shares, as applicable, shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such
legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii)
the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the
Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive
legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing
such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions
to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares
subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers
prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing shares issued with a restrictive legend.

15

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired,
the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the Exchange Cap as well as rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder
approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent
transaction.

4.4
Conversion and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of
Conversion included in the Certificate of Designation set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to
exercise the Warrants or convert the Preferred Shares.

4.5
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.5 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents.

4.6
Reservation of Common Stock. The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance
pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction
Documents.

16

4.7
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed. The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal
Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares, and (ii) take all steps necessary
to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter. The
Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another
established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other
established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.8
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser.

4.9
Restrictions on Conversions and Exercises. Each Purchaser agrees and acknowledges that the Preferred Shares may not be converted
into Conversion Shares unless and until such time as the Company has lifted the Exchange Cap. Buyer further agrees and acknowledges that
Buyer shall bear the economic risk of loss associated with holding the Preferred Shares and Warrants pending the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in this Section 4.9.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or
exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Purchasers.

17

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Preferred Shares
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver
disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser
(or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of
this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

18

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall
commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be
reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

19

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.15
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.16 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.17
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

(Signature
Pages Follow)

20

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

NextTrip,
INC.

Address for Notice:

By: 

3900
Paseo Del Sol,

Name: William
Kerby Santa Fe, New Mexico 87507

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

E-Mail: bill.kerby@nexttrip.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Snell & Wilmer LLP

Attn: Christopher L. Tinen, Esq.

12230 El Camino Real, Suite 300

San Diego, California 92130

E-Mail: ctinen@swlaw.com

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

21

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Preferred
Shares: _________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Warrant
Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations
of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and
the obligations of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall
be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii)
any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by
the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer
be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement,
instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

22

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Certificate of Designation

23

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Warrant

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ntrp-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004477-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000788611 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--02-28 
0000788611 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
NextTrip, Inc. 
NV 
001-38015 
27-1865814 
3900 Paseo del Sol 
Santa Fe 
NM 
87507 
(505) 
438-2576 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
NTRP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --02-28

Entity File Number 001-38015

Entity Registrant Name NextTrip,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000788611

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1865814

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 3900
Paseo del Sol

Entity Address, City or Town Santa
Fe

Entity Address, State or Province NM

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 87507

City Area Code (505)

Local Phone Number 438-2576

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol NTRP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nexttrip.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
ntrp-20250128.xsd 
ntrp-20250128_lab.xml 
ntrp-20250128_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>