<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-010165.txt : 20250325
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-010165.hdr.sgml : 20250325
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250325063138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-010165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250324
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250325

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Innventure, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002001557
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				934440048
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42303
		FILM NUMBER:		25765723

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 TAVISTOCK LAKES BLVD, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32827
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(321) 209-6787

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6900 TAVISTOCK LAKES BLVD, SUITE 400
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32827

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Learn SPAC HoldCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231117
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20045914_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false12-310002001557The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC00020015572025-03-242025-03-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): March 24, 2025

Innventure, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware

001-42303

93-4440048

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400

Orlando, Florida32827

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(321) 209-6787

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

INV

The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405 of
this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement

On March 24, 2025 (the Series C Closing Date), Innventure, Inc. (the Company) entered into preferred stock purchase agreements (each, a Series
C Purchase Agreement, and collectively, the Series C Purchase Agreements) with certain purchasers (the Purchasers), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Purchasers an aggregate of up to 275,000 shares of the Companys
Series C preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock), in a private placement, at a price of $10.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock, resulting in an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2,750,000 before
deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses (such offering, the Series C Preferred Stock Financing). The Series C Preferred Stock Financing closed on the Series C Closing Date.

The Series C Purchase Agreements contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants by the parties, including certain indemnification
obligations of the Purchasers. The representations, warranties, and covenants contained in the Series C Purchase Agreements were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the Purchasers and
are subject to limitations agreed upon by contracting parties. Accordingly, the form of the Series C Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Series C Purchase
Agreements and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company or its business and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC).

As part of the Series C Purchase Agreements, the Company is required to prepare and file a registration statement (the Series C Preferred Stock
Resale Registration Statement) with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), covering the resale of the shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock), issuable upon conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock within 120 days from the original issuance date.

On the Series C Closing Date, the Company also filed a Certificate of Designations (the Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations) with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware setting forth the terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock. The information set forth in Item 5.03 is incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing description of the Series C Purchase Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of such document, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Terminations of Related Party Loans

As previously disclosed, (i) on May 2, 2024, Innventure LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(Innventure LLC) , and Michael Otworth, the Executive Chairman and a director of the Company, entered into that certain Unsecured Promissory Note (the Otworth Note) pursuant to which Innventure LLC agreed to pay Mr. Otworth the principal and
interest in accordance the terms and conditions set forth therein.

As previously disclosed, on October 1, 2024, Innventure LLC and John Scott, the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company, entered into that certain
Amended and Restated Unsecured Promissory Note (the Scott Note) pursuant to which Innventure LLC agreed to pay Dr. Scott the principal and interest in accordance the terms and conditions set forth therein.

As previously disclosed, on February 9, 2023, AeroFlexx Packaging Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and indirect partially-owned
subsidiary of the Company (AeroFlexx), and Auto Now Acceptance Co., LLC (Auto Now), of which James Donnally, a director of the Company, serves as a director, entered into that certain Loan Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, as extended by the
Loan Renewal Agreement No. 1, dated December 1, 2023 (the Auto Now Loan) pursuant to which AeroFlexx agreed to pay Auto Now the principal and interest in accordance the terms and conditions set forth therein.

As previously disclosed, on October 1, 2024, Innventure LLC and the Glockner Family Venture Fund, LP (the Glockner Fund and, collectively with Mr.
Otworth, Dr. Scott, Auto Now and each of their respective affiliates, the Lenders) entered into that certain Amended and Restated Unsecured Promissory Note (the Glockner Note, together with the Otworth Note, the Scott Note, and the Auto Now
Loan, the Related Party Loans) pursuant to which Innventure LLC agreed to pay the Glockner Fund the principal and interest in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth therein. Mr. Donnally also serves as the Managing Member of
Bellringer Consulting Group, LLC, the General Partner of the Fund, and is a 25% owner of the Fund and of Bellringer Consulting Group, LLC.

On the Series C Closing Date, each of the Lenders terminated their respective Related Party Loans in exchange for (i) in the case of the Otworth
Note, 114,161 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and a cash payment of $180,042, (ii) in the case of the Scott Note, 226,334 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and a cash payment of $194,507, (iii) in the case of the Auto Now Loan, 578,294 shares
of Series C Preferred Stock, and (iv) in the case of the Glockner Note, 1,392,059 shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information contained in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock

The information set forth in Item 1.01 and Item 5.03 is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company issued the Series C Preferred Stock to the Purchasers in transactions not involving an underwriter and not requiring registration under
Section 5 of the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof or Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Issuances to Yorkville

On December 19, 2024, the Company issued YA II PN, Ltd. (Yorkville) 60,000 shares of Common Stock, on December 26, 2024, the Company issued Yorkville
50,000 shares of Common Stock, on January 3, 2024, the Company issued Yorkville 50,000 shares of Common Stock, on January 17, 2025, the Company issued Yorkville 4,617 shares of Common Stock, and on January 28, 2025, the Company issued Yorkville
19,376 shares of Common Stock (collectively, the SEPA shares), each pursuant to the terms of the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement dated October 24, 2023, entered into with Yorkville.

Issuance to Ducera

On February 3, 2025, the Company issued to Ducera Partners LLC and its affiliates (Ducera) 85,471 shares of Common Stock (the Ducera shares)
pursuant to the terms of an engagement letter under which Ducera would perform certain financial advisory and investment baking services to Innventure LLC. Such engagement letter was amended to include the Company on December 23, 2024.

Issuance to Roth

On October 31, 2024, pursuant to a letter agreement between Innventure LLC and Roth Capital Partners LLC (Roth), dated July 8, 2024, the Company
issued to Roth 25,000 shares of Common Stock (the Roth shares) in settlement of $250,000 of transaction costs incurred by the Company and its affiliates for certain capital markets advisory services.

Issuance to Grail Partners

On March 24, 2025, the Company issued to affiliates of Grail Partners LLC an aggregate of 300,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock (the Grail
shares) in settlement of amounts owed pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement under which Grail Partners LLC would provide certain financial advisory and merchant banking services.

The Company issued the SEPA shares, the Ducera shares, the Roth shares, and the Grail shares in transactions not involving an underwriter and not
requiring registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act, in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof or Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company has previously registered the resale of the SEPA
shares, and the Roth shares (as defined below) under the Securities Act. The Company has also agreed to register the resale of the Ducera shares under the Securities Act.

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 and Item 5.03 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On the Closing Date, the Company filed the Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, which became effective upon filing. A description of the material terms of the Series C Preferred Stock is below.

Ranking

With respect to (i) payment of dividends, (ii) distribution of assets and (iii) all other liquidation, winding up, dissolution,
dividend and redemption rights, the Series C Preferred Stock shall rank pari passu in priority of payment to all Parity Stock (defined below) and senior in priority of payment to all Junior Stock (defined
below) in any liquidation, dissolution, winding up or distribution of the Company, and junior to any existing or future secured or unsecured indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Company.

Junior Stock means (i) the Common Stock, (ii) any other
preferred stock, other than the Companys Series B preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Series B Preferred Stock), and (ii) any other equity interest of the Company,
in each case which by its terms ranks junior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and/or distribution of assets.

Parity Stock means the Companys Series B Preferred Stock and any equity interest of the Company hereinafter
created which by its terms ranks pari passu with the Series C Preferred Stock.

Dividends

The Series C Preferred Stock carries an annual 8.0% cumulative
dividend, which will be paid prior to and in preference over any Junior Stock or Parity Stock. On the last day of the last quarter in each fiscal year of the Company, such dividends will be made as a payment in kind.

Voting Rights

Per each whole share of Series C Preferred Stock, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to cast the number
of votes equal to (i) the original issue price, which is $10.00 (the Original Issue Price), divided by (ii) $the Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) of Common Stock as of the Initial Issue Date (as determined by reference to
the Nasdaq Official Closing Price) and will vote with the holders of the Common Stock as a single class and on an as-converted basis, except as provided by law or applicable Nasdaq listing rules.

Mandatory Conversion at the Companys Option

On the date that is the fifth anniversary of the initial issuance date of the Series C Preferred Stock, all shares of Series C
Preferred Stock will be converted into shares of Common Stock.

Optional Conversion at the Holders Option

Holders of Series C Preferred Stock may convert all of their respective shares of Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock upon the
effectiveness of the Series C Preferred Stock Resale Registration Statement.

Conversion Rate

The number of shares of Common Stock that each holder of Series
C Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of all of such holders shares of Series C Preferred Stock will be the number of shares equal to the Series C Conversion Rate (defined below) multiplied by the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder (subject to a threshold amount). No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon the exercise of any
conversion right. Any fractional shares of Common Stock that a holder would otherwise be entitled to will be rounded up to the next whole share.

Series C Conversion Rate means a fraction whose numerator is the Original Issue Price, and whose denominator is the lesser of (i) the Reset
Conversion Price and (ii) $12.50.

Reset Conversion Price means the greater of (a) $5.00 and (b) the 10-trading day volume-weighted average Nasdaq official closing price of the
Common Stock.

Adjustments

Holders of Series C Preferred Stock will have rights to certain adjustments for stock dividends stock splits and rights in connection with certain subsequent rights offerings.

The foregoing description of the Series C Preferred Stock does
not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations, which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 

Exhibits and Financial Statements

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description of Exhibit

3.1 

Certificate of Designations of Series C Preferred Stock, dated March 24, 2025, of Innventure, Inc.

10.1 

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, by and between Innventure, Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd., dated October 24, 2023.

10.2^ 

Form of Series C Purchase Agreement for U.S. Investors

10.3^ 

Form of Series C Purchase Agreement for Ex-U.S. Investors

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

^ 

Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Innventure, Inc. agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC
upon request.

Disclaimers and Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the Companys
management and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and their potential effects and speak only as of the date of this Form 8-K. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been
anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the parties) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors discussed and identified in other public filings made with the SEC by the Company, including the Companys most
recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is available on the Companys Investor Relations website at www.ir.innventure.com and on the Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements reflect the Companys
beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. Capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed
to such terms in the Current Report on Form 8-K. 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INNVENTURE, INC.

Date: March 25, 2025 

By: /s/ David Yablunosky 

Name: 

David Yablunosky

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20045914_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

OF

SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK

OF

INNVENTURE, INC.

FILED IN THE OFFICE

OF

THE DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE

ON MARCH 24, 2025

Pursuant to Section 151

of the

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, Innventure, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing
under the State of Delaware (the Company), does hereby submit the following:

WHEREAS, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Certificate of Incorporation) authorizes the issuance of up to 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Preferred Stock) in one or more series; and expressly authorizes
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors) to cause the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in such series and to fix from time to time before issuance the number of shares to be included in any such series and
the designation, powers, preferences and other rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof; and

WHEREAS, on March 21, 2025, the Board of Directors approved and adopted the following certificate of designation (this Certificate) for
purposes of issuing shares of Preferred Stock designated as a series known as Series C Preferred Stock, with each such share having the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, and the
qualifications, limitations and restrictions, as set forth in this Certificate.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of
Directors hereby provides out of the unissued shares of the Preferred Stock a series of Preferred Stock designated as Series C Preferred Stock and authorizes for issuance 5,000,000 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock (as defined below), and
hereby fixes the designations, powers, preferences and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Series C Preferred Stock, as follows:

1.Designation. A total of 5,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock shall be designated as a series known as Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock), which Series C Preferred Stock will have the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional,
special and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth in this Certificate.

2.Ranking; Liquidation. With respect to (a)
payment of dividends, (b) distribution of assets and (c) all other liquidation, winding up, dissolution, dividend and redemption rights, the Series C Preferred Stock shall rank pari passu in priority of payment to all Parity Stock and senior in
priority of payment to all Junior Stock in any liquidation, dissolution, winding up or distribution of the Company, and junior to any existing or future secured or unsecured indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the
Company.

3.Voting.

(a)Generally. On any matter presented to the
stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Company (or by written consent of the stockholders in lieu of a meeting), each Holder shall be entitled to cast the number of votes per each whole
share of Series C Preferred Stock held by such Holder as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter(or, if no such record date is established, as of the date such vote
is taken or any written consent of stockholders is solicited) equal to(i) the Original Issue Price as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote on such matter(or, if no such record date is established, as of the date such vote is taken or any written consent of stockholders is solicited) divided by (ii) the Minimum Price
(as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) of Common Stock as of the Initial Issue Date (as determined by reference to the Nasdaq Official Closing Price). Except as provided by law or by the other provisions of this Certificate, Holders shall
vote together with the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and Common Stock as a single class and as provided pursuant to this Section 3(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to any voting rights in respect of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock, at any stockholders meeting or in any written consent of stockholders, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Holders would have the
right to a number of votes in respect of such Holders shares of Voting Stock of the Company in excess of 19.99% of the then-outstanding Stockholder Voting Power. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall not be entitled to any voting rights at any stockholders meeting or in any written consent of the stockholders, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that the issuance, delivery, conversion or convertibility of such Series C
Preferred Stock would result in such Holder or a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) beneficially owning in excess of the Threshold Amount prior to such voting rights being approved by the Companys
stockholders (whether approved through a special meeting of the Companys stockholders or otherwise) in accordance with the stockholder approval requirements of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635 (or any equivalent rule or requirement of the applicable
exchange or automated quotation system on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted) (the Requisite Stockholder Approval).

(b)Written Consent; Meetings. A consent or
affirmative vote of the Holders may be given or obtained either in writing without a meeting, or in person or by proxy at a regular annual meeting, or a special meeting of stockholders or Holders.

2

4.Dividends.

(a)All Dividends are pari passu with any dividend
on any Parity Stock and are prior to and in preference over any dividend on any Junior Stock. All Dividends shall be declared and fully paid concurrently with any dividends declared and paid, or any other distributions made, on Parity Stock but
before any dividends are declared and paid, or any other distributions are made, on any Junior Stock. Dividends shall be payable to the Holders as they appear on the records of the Company on the record date for such Dividends, which, to the
extent the Board of Directors determines to declare Dividends in respect of any Dividend Period, shall be the date that is 10 Business Days prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date, and which record date and Dividend Payment Date, to the
extent so determined, shall be declared by the Board of Directors during each Dividend Period on the date that is at least 15 Business Days prior to the Dividend Payment Date and five Business Days prior to the record date.

(b)From and after the Initial Issue Date,
preferential cumulative dividends (Dividends) shall accrue on the total number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by a Holder on an annual basis and in arrears as 8.0% of the Liquidation Preference (the Dividend Rate). 
Dividends will be due and payable annually in arrears as payment in kind (in the form of shares of Series C Preferred Stock) on each Dividend Payment Date.

(c)The Holders of Series C Preferred Stock will be
entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions of cash and other property as may be declared on the Common Stock by the Board of Directors from time to time out of assets or funds of the Company
legally available therefor, as if all shares of the Series C Preferred Stock held by such Holder had been converted into the applicable number of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 on the day any such dividend was declared.

5.Amendments and Waivers. So long as
any shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding, and unless a greater percentage is required by law, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote or written consent of the Holders of 51% of the then-outstanding Series C Preferred
Stock, voting separately as one class, amend, alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, or waive the compliance of any of the covenants included in this Certificate; provided, however, that the Company shall not effect any of the following matters without the consent of each Holder that is adversely affected thereby:

(a)reduce the Dividend Rate or alter the timing or method of payment of
any Dividends pursuant to Section 4;

(b)authorize the issuance of any series of
Preferred Stock of the Company that is senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to any rights referenced in Section 2 of this Certificate; or

(c)reduce the Original Issue Price.

6.Conversion.

(a)Mandatory Conversion.

(i) All shares of Series C Preferred Stock will be converted into shares of Common Stock (the Mandatory Conversion)
on the fifth anniversary of the Initial Issue Date.

3

(ii)Mechanics

of Conversion. Prior to such date of conversion, the Company shall send all Holders written notice. Such notice will contain the time (Mandatory Conversion Time) and the place designated for mandatory conversion of all such
shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6(a). Such notice will be sent at least seven days in advance of the Mandatory Conversion Time. Upon receipt of such notice, each Holder that holds shares of Series C
Preferred Stock in certificated form shall surrender his, her or its certificate or certificates for all such shares (or, if such holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and
agreement reasonably acceptable to the Company to indemnify the Company against any claim that may be made against the Company on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate) to the Company at the place designated in
such notice. If so required by the Company, any certificates surrendered for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Company, duly executed by the Holder or by
his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. All rights with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock converted pursuant to this Section 6(a) will terminate at the Mandatory Conversion Time (notwithstanding the failure of the
holder or holders thereof to surrender any certificates at or prior to such time), except only the rights of the Holders thereof, upon surrender of any certificate or certificates of such Holders (or lost certificate affidavit and agreement)
therefor, to receive the items provided for in the next sentence of this Section 6(a)(ii). As soon as practicable after the Mandatory Conversion Time and, if applicable, the surrender of any certificate or certificates (or lost
certificate affidavit and agreement) for Series C Preferred Stock, the Company shall issue and deliver to such Holder, (A) a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance
with the provisions hereof or (B) a notice of issuance of uncertificated shares and may, upon written request, issue and deliver a certificate for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the
provisions hereof.

(b)Holder Conversion Right.

(i) Upon the Effectiveness Date, each Holder may convert all of its shares of Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock (the Holder Conversion Right and together with the Mandatory Conversion, each a Conversion Right).

(ii)Mechanics

of Conversion. In order for a Holder to voluntarily convert all of such Holders shares of Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, such Holder shall (A) provide written notice to the Companys transfer agent at the office
of the transfer agent for the Series C Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the Company if the Company serves as its own transfer agent) that such Holder elects to convert all of such Holders shares of Series C Preferred Stock and
(B), if such Holders shares are certificated, surrender the certificate or certificates for such shares of Series C Preferred Stock (or, if such registered Holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost
certificate affidavit and agreement reasonably acceptable to the Company to indemnify the Company against any claim that may be made against the Company on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate), at the office
of the transfer agent for the Preferred Stock (or at the principal office of the Company if the Company serves as its own transfer agent). Such notice shall state such Holders name. If required by the Company, any certificates surrendered
for conversion shall be endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Company, duly executed by the registered holder or his, her or its attorney duly authorized in writing. Unless a
later time and date is otherwise specified by the Company, the close of business on the date of receipt by the transfer agent (or by the Company if the Company serves as its own transfer agent) of such notice and, if applicable, certificates
(or lost certificate affidavit and agreement) shall be the time of conversion (the Conversion Time), and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the specified shares shall be deemed to be outstanding of record as of
such date. The Company shall, as soon as practicable after the Conversion Time issue and deliver to such Holder, (y) a certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with
the provisions hereof or (z) a notice of issuance of uncertificated shares and may, upon written request, issue and deliver a certificate for the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion in accordance with the
provisions hereof.

4

(c)Conversion Rate. Upon the exercise of or occurrence of a
Conversion Right, the conversion rate will equal a fraction whose numerator is the Original Issue Price and whose denominator is the lesser of (i) the Reset Conversion Price or (ii) $12.50 (such rate as determined by this Section 6(c),
the Conversion Rate).

(d)Number of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The number of
shares of Common Stock that each Holder will receive upon conversion of all of such Holders shares of Series C Preferred Stock will be the number of shares equal to the Conversion Rate multiplied by the
number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such Holder; provided that no fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise or occurrence of any Conversion Right. As to any fraction of a share
which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise or occurrence of such Conversion Right, the Company shall round up to the next whole share.

(e)Effect of Conversion. All shares of Series C Preferred Stock
which shall have been surrendered for conversion under this Section 6 shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall immediately cease and terminate at the Conversion Time, except only the
right of the holders thereof to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor.

(f)Nasdaq Conversion Limits. Any proposed conversion will be
reviewed and addressed in accordance with Article VII of the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement for compliance with Nasdaq conversion limits.

7.Certain Adjustments

(a)Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the
Company, at any time while the Series C Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Series B Preferred Stock, Common Stock or any
other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, will not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of this Series C Preferred Stock or payment of a dividend on this Series C Preferred Stock); (ii)
subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares; (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares; or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Rate will be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator will be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury
shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator will be the number of shares of Common Stock, or in the event that clause (iv) of this Section 7(a) will apply shares of reclassified
capital stock, outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7 will become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or
distribution and will become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

5

(b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of
Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of
shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Series C Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the limitation of the Threshold Amount) immediately before
the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of
such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Threshold Amount, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to
such extent shall be held in abeyance by the Company for the Holder (which shall not give the Holder any power to vote or dispose of such Purchase Rights) until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the
Threshold Amount).

8.Rights and Remedies of Holders.

(a)The various provisions set forth under this Certificate are for the
benefit of the Holders and, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and applicable law, will be enforceable by them, including by one or more actions for specific performance.

(b)Except as expressly set forth herein, all remedies available under
this Certificate, at law, in equity or otherwise, will be deemed cumulative and not alternative or exclusive of other remedies. The exercise by any Holder of a particular remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy.

9.Definitions. As used in this Certificate, the following terms
shall have the meanings specified below:

Board of Directors shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are not
open for the transaction of normal banking business.

Certificate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Certificate of Incorporation shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Common Stock means any shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, of the Company that are listed and traded on Nasdaq under the name and
ticker INV.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the subsidiaries of the Company, whether or not vested or otherwise
convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock at the time of such issuance, which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or
other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock, and excluding shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock.

Company shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Conversion Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(c).

Conversion Right shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(b)(i).

Conversion Time shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(b)(ii).

6

Dividend Payment Date means the last day of the last quarter in each fiscal year of the Company (or, if such date is not a Business Day,
the immediately succeeding Business Day), following the Initial Issue Date.

Dividend Period means the period commencing on and including a Dividend Payment Date that ends on, but does not include, the next Dividend
Payment Date; provided that the initial Dividend Period shall commence on and include the Initial Issue Date and end on, but not include, the first Dividend Payment Date.

Dividend Rate shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4(b).

Dividends shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4(b).

Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Registration Statement, the date on which the Registration Statement is declared effective by
the SEC.

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting
Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting
profession in the United States, as in effect from time to time.

Holder means, as of the relevant date, any Person that is the holder of record of at least one share of Series C Preferred Stock, as of
such date.

Holder Conversion Right shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(b)(i).

Initial Issue Date means March 24, 2025.

Junior Stock means (a) Common Stock, (b) any other preferred stock, other than the Series B Preferred Stock, and (c) any other equity
interest of the Company, in each case which by its terms ranks junior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends and/or distribution of assets.

Liquidation Preference means, with respect to a Holder, the Original Issue Price, multiplied by the number of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock held by such Holder.

Mandatory Conversion shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a)(i).

Mandatory Conversion Time shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6(a)(ii).

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Stock Market.

Nasdaq Official Closing Price means the closing price for a share of Common Stock as reported on the Historical NOCP section of the web
site Nasdaq.com for the ticker symbol INV.

Original Issue Price means $10.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock.

7

Parity Stock means the Series B Preferred Stock, and any equity interest of the Company hereinafter created which by its terms ranks pari
passu with the Series C Preferred Stock.

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership (including limited partnership), joint venture,
association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.

Preferred Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereof.

Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10(a).

Purchase Rights shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7(b).

Register means the securities register maintained in respect of the Series C Preferred Stock by the Company, or, to the extent the Company
has engaged a transfer agent, such transfer agent.

Registration Statement means a registration statement registering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issued to each Holder upon
conversion of such Holders shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6.

Requisite Stockholder Approval shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3(a).

Reset Conversion Price means the greater of (a) $5.00 and (b) the 10-Trading Day volume-weighted average Nasdaq Official Closing Price
(which shall be calculated based on the 10 Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which the notice required under either Section 6(a)(ii) or Section 6(b)(i)(A), as applicable, is received).

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities means any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in
any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities
or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing; provided,
that Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series B Preferred Stock means any shares of preferred stock of the Company designated as Series B Preferred Stock with a par value of
$0.0001.

Series C Preferred Stock shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.

8

Stockholder Voting Power means the aggregate number of votes which may be cast by holders of the Companys Voting Stock, with the
calculation of such aggregate number of votes being conclusively made for all purposes under this Certificate and the Certificate of Incorporation, absent manifest error, by the Company based on the Companys review of the Register, the Companys
other books and records, each holders public filings pursuant to Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and any other written evidence satisfactory to the Company regarding any holders beneficial ownership of any securities of the Company.

Threshold Amount means 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock pursuant to an applicable Conversion Right.

Trading Day means a day on which Nasdaq is open for trading.

Voting Stock means the Common Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock and any other capital stock of the Company having the right to vote
generally in any election of directors of the Board of Directors.

10.Interpretation.

(a)This Certificate (including the Schedules hereto)
together with that certain Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, entered into by and among the Company and the purchasers listed on Schedule I thereto (the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement), constitutes the
full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the parties are expressly canceled.

(b)Any of the terms defined herein may, unless the
context otherwise requires, be used in the singular or the plural, depending on the reference.

(c)The headings are for convenience only and shall
not be given effect in interpreting this Certificate. References herein to any Section shall be to a Section hereof unless otherwise specifically provided.

(d)References herein to any law shall mean such law,
including all rules and regulations promulgated under or implementing such law, as amended from time to time and any successor law unless otherwise specifically provided. Except as otherwise stated in this Certificate, references in this
Certificate to any contract(s) or written agreement(s) shall mean such contract or written agreement as in effect on the Initial Issue Date, regardless of any subsequent replacement, refunding, refinancing, extension, renewal, restatement,
amendment, supplement or modification thereof or thereto and regardless of whether the Company is, remains, was, or has ever been, a party thereto.

(e)The words hereof, herein and hereunder and
words of similar import, when used in this Certificate, refer to this Certificate as a whole (including Schedule I hereto) and not to any particular provision of this Certificate.

(f)The use of the masculine, feminine or neuter
gender or the singular or plural form of words shall not limit any provisions of this Certificate.

(g)Whenever the words include, includes, or
including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation.

(h)The word will shall be construed to have the
same meaning as the word shall. With respect to the determination of any period of time, from shall mean from and including. The word or shall not be exclusive. The word extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to
which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply if.

9

(i)All references to $, currency, monetary values and dollars set
forth herein shall mean U.S. dollars.

(j)When the terms of this Certificate refer to a
specific agreement or other document or a decision by any body or Person that determines the meaning or operation of a provision hereof, the secretary of the Company shall maintain a copy of such agreement, document or decision at the principal
executive offices of the Company and a copy thereof shall be provided free of charge to any Holder who makes a request therefor.

(k)Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all
terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Company notifies the Holders that the Company requests an
amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Initial Issue Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision, regardless of whether any such notice is given before or
after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn
or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate to be signed by a duly authorized officer this 24th day of March, 2025.

COMPANY

INNVENTURE, INC.

By: /s/ Gregory W. Haskell

Name: Gregory W. Haskell

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Series C Certificate of Designation]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20045914_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Final Execution Version

STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS STANDBY EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of October 24, 2023 is made by and between YA II PN, LTD.,
a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership (the Investor), and LEARN SPAC HOLDCO, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company). For purposes of this Agreement, references to the Company shall also include, after the closing
of the Business Combination (as defined below), the resulting publicly listed company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2023 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time,
the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Learn CW Investment Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability (Parent), LCW Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (LCW Merger Sub), Innventure
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Innventure), and Innventure Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Innventure Merger Sub), pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein,
LCW Merger Sub will merge with and into Parent (the LCW Merger), with Parent being the surviving corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Innventure Merger Sub will merge with and into the Innventure (the Innventure
Merger and, together with the LCW Merger, the Mergers), with Innventure being the surviving company as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The shareholders of Parent and the members of the Company shall, pursuant to the Mergers, become
stockholders the Company. The Mergers and the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement are collectively referred to herein as the Business Combination. The Investor and the Company may be referred to herein individually as a Party
and collectively as the Parties.

WHEREAS, the Parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, following the closing of the Business
Combination, the Company shall have the right to issue and sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to $75 million of the Companys shares of Class A Common Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the Common Shares);

WHEREAS, the Common Shares shall be listed for trading in the Principal Market under a symbol to be determined;

WHEREAS, the offer and sale of the Common Shares issuable hereunder will be made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act), or upon such other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the
transactions to be made hereunder; and

WHEREAS, in consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement, immediately following the consummation of the
Business Combination, the Company shall pay the Commitment Fee pursuant to and in accordance with Section 12.04. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

Article I. Certain Definitions

Additional Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(f)(ii).

Adjusted Advance Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(f)(i).

Advance shall mean any issuance and sale of Advance Shares by the Company to the Investor pursuant to Article II hereof.

Advance Date shall mean the first Trading Day after expiration of the applicable Pricing Period for each Advance.

Advance Notice shall mean a written notice in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto to the Investor executed by an officer of the
Company.

Advance Notice Date shall mean each date the Company is deemed to have delivered (in accordance with Section 2.01(b) of this Agreement)
an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Advance Shares shall mean the Common Shares that the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement.

Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.07.

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Applicable Laws shall mean all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, executive orders, directives, policies, guidelines
and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or international, as amended from time to time, including without limitation (i) all applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record keeping and
reporting, (ii) all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, books and records and internal controls, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any Sanctions laws.

Average Price shall mean a price per Share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate gross purchase price paid by the
Investor for all Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, by (ii) the aggregate number of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Business Combination shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Black Out Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(e)

Closing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.

Commitment Amount shall mean $75 million of the Common Shares.

Commitment Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.04.

- 2 -

Commitment Period shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and expiring upon the date of termination of this Agreement in
accordance with Section 10.01.

Commitment Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.04.

Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Company Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

Condition Satisfaction Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

Current Report shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.12.

Daily Traded Amount shall mean the daily trading volume of the Companys Common Shares on the Principal Market during regular trading
hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P.

Effective Date shall mean the date of the closing of the Business Combination.

Environmental Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Exchange Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(e)(iii).

Excluded Day shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(f)(i).

GAAP shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.06.

Hazardous Materials shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.13.

Indemnified Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Innventure shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Innventure Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Innventure Merger Sub shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Investor Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

LCW Merger shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

LCW Merger Sub shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

- 3 -

Market Price shall mean the Option 1 Market Price or Option 2 Market Price, as applicable.

Material Adverse Effect shall mean any event, occurrence or condition that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material
adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement.

Material Outside Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.08.

Maximum Advance Amount in respect of each Advance Notice means the greater of: (i) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the
aggregate Daily Traded Amount for the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding an Advance Notice, or (ii) $10,000,000.

Mergers shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

OFAC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.01.

Option 1 Advance Notice Date shall mean each date the Company is deemed to have delivered (in accordance with Section 2.01(b) of this
Agreement) an Option 1 Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Option 2 Advance Notice Date shall mean each date the Company is deemed to have delivered (in accordance with Section 2.01(c) of this
Agreement) an Option 2 Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the terms of this Agreement.

Option 1 Market Price shall mean the average VWAP of the Common Shares during the Option 1 Pricing Period.

Option 2 Market Price shall mean the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Shares during the Option 2 Pricing Period other than the daily VWAP
on any Excluded Days.

Option 2 Minimum Acceptable Price or MAP shall mean the minimum price notified by the Company to the Investor in each Advance
Notice, if applicable.

Option 1 Pricing Period shall mean the Trading Day commencing on the Option 1 Advance Notice Date.

Option 2 Pricing Period shall mean the three (3) consecutive Trading Days commencing on the Option 2 Advance Notice Date.

Option 1 Volume Threshold shall mean a number of Common Shares equal to the quotient of (a) the number of Advance Shares requested by the
Company in an Advance Notice divided by (b) 0.35.

Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(e)(i).

- 4 -

Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Person shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, a trust or other entity or organization,
including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Plan of Distribution shall mean the section of a Registration Statement disclosing the plan of distribution of the Shares.

Pricing Period shall mean the shall mean the Option 1 Pricing Period or Option 2 Pricing Period, as applicable.

Principal Market shall mean the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market; provided however, that in the event the Common Shares
are not listed or traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market, then the Principal Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Common Shares are then listed or traded to the extent such other
market or exchange is the principal trading market or exchange for the Common Shares.

Prospectus shall mean any prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used by the Company in
connection with a Registration Statement.

Prospectus Supplement shall mean any prospectus supplement to a Prospectus filed with the SEC from time to time pursuant to Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, including, without limitation, any prospectus supplement to be filed in accordance with Section 6.01 hereof.

Purchase Price shall mean the price per Advance Share obtained by multiplying the Market Price by (i) 95% in respect of an Advance Notice
with an Option 1 Pricing Period, and (ii) 97% in respect of an Advance Notice with an Option 2 Pricing Period.

Registrable Securities shall mean (i) the Shares, and (ii) any securities issued or issuable with respect to any of the foregoing by way
of exchange, stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization or otherwise.

Registration Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(e)(ii).

Registration Statement shall mean a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 or on such other form promulgated by the SEC for which
the Company then qualifies and which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate, and which form shall be available for the registration of the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act, which registration
statement provides for the resale from time to time of the Shares as provided herein.

Regulation D shall mean the provisions of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

- 5 -

Sanctions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.01.

Sanctioned Countries shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.01.

SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Securities Act shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement.

Settlement Document shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

Shares shall mean the Commitment Shares and the Common Shares to be issued from time to time hereunder pursuant to an Advance.

Subsidiaries shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or
holds a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

Trading Day shall mean any day during which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Transaction Documents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02.

VWAP shall mean for any Trading Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such Trading Day on the Principal
Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P. or, for a specified period, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the Principal Market, for such period as reported by Bloomberg L.P. through its AQR function.

Article II. Advances

Section 2.01 Advances; Mechanics. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, during the Commitment Period, the
Company, at its sole discretion, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, Advance Shares by the delivery to the Investor of Advance Notices on the following
terms:

(a) Advance Notice. At any time during the Commitment Period the Company may require the Investor to purchase Shares by delivering an Advance Notice to the Investor, subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the
Investor of the conditions set forth in Section 7.01, and in accordance with the following provisions:

(i) The Company shall, in its sole discretion, select the number of Advance Shares, not to exceed the Maximum Advance Amount, it desires to issue and sell to the Investor in each Advance Notice and the time it desires to
deliver each Advance Notice and the Pricing Period to be used.

- 6 -

(ii) There shall be no mandatory minimum Advances and no non-usages fee for not utilizing the Commitment Amount or any part thereof.

(b) Date of Delivery of an Option 1 Advance Notice. An Option 1 Advance Notices shall be delivered in accordance with the instructions set forth on the bottom of Exhibit A. An Option 1 Advance Notice shall
be deemed delivered (i) the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is received by email prior to 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time (or later if waived by the Investor in its sole discretion), or (ii) if such notice is received after 9:00 a.m.
Eastern Time, upon receipt by the Investor, which receipt and commencement of the Option 1 Pricing Period is confirmed by the Investor to the Company by email or other writing, in each case in accordance with the instructions set forth on the
bottom of Exhibit A.

(c) Date of Delivery of an Option 2 Advance Notice. An Option 2 Advance Notices shall be delivered in accordance with the instructions set forth on the bottom of Exhibit B. An Advance Notice shall be deemed
delivered on (i) the day it is received by the Investor if such notice is received by email prior to 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time (or later if waived by the Investor in its sole discretion) in accordance with the instructions set forth on the bottom of
Exhibit B, or (ii) the immediately succeeding day if it is received by email after 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, in each case in accordance with the instructions set forth on the bottom of Exhibit B.

(d) Upon receipt of an of an Advance Notice the Investor shall promptly (and in no event more than one-half hour after receipt) provide written confirmation (which may be by e-mail) of receipt of such Advance Notice, and
which confirmation shall specify the commencement of the applicable Pricing Period.

(e) Advance Limitations. Regardless of the number of Advance Shares requested by the Company in the Advance Notice, the final number of Shares to be issued and sold pursuant to an Advance Notice shall be reduced
(if at all) in accordance with each of the following limitations:

(i) Ownership Limitation; Commitment Amount. At the request of the Company, the Investor shall inform the Company of the number of shares the Investor beneficially owns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, the Investor shall not be obligated to purchase or acquire, and shall not purchase or acquire, any Common Shares under this Agreement which, when aggregated with all other Common Shares beneficially owned by the
Investor and its Affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Investor and its Affiliates (on an aggregated basis) to exceed 9.99%
of the then outstanding voting power or number of Common Shares (the Ownership Limitation). Upon the written request of the Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than the next business day on which the transfer agent for the
Common Shares is open for business) confirm orally or in writing to the Investor the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In connection with each Advance Notice delivered by the Company, any portion of the Advance that would (i) cause the
Investor to exceed the Ownership Limitation or (ii) cause the aggregate number of Shares issued and sold to the Investor hereunder to exceed the Commitment Amount shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company,
and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the number of Advance Shares requested by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification,
the Investor will promptly notify the Company of such event.

- 7 -

(ii) Registration Limitation. In no event shall an Advance exceed the amount of Common Shares registered in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby under the Registration Statement then in effect (the Registration

Limitation). In connection with each Advance Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Registration Limitation shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be
deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion; provided that in the event of any such automatic withdrawal and automatic modification, the Investor will promptly
notify the Company of such event.

(iii) Compliance with Rules of Principal Market. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not effect any sales under this Agreement and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Common Shares under this
Agreement to the extent (but only to the extent) that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of Common Shares issued under this Agreement would exceed 19.99% of the aggregate amount of Common Shares issued and
outstanding as of the Effective Date, calculated in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market, which number shall be reduced, on a share-for-share basis, by the number of Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any transaction or
series of transactions that may be aggregated with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the applicable rules of the Principal Market (such maximum number of shares, the Exchange Cap) provided that, the Exchange
Cap will not apply if (a) the Companys stockholders have approved issuances in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules of the Principal Market, or (b) the Average Price of all applicable sales of Common Shares hereunder
(including any sales covered by an Advance Notice that has been delivered prior to the determination of whether this clause (b) applies) equals or exceeds the lower of (i) the Nasdaq Official
Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the Effective Date; or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the Effective Date). In connection with each Advance
Notice, any portion of an Advance that would exceed the Exchange Cap shall automatically be withdrawn with no further action required by the Company and such Advance Notice shall be deemed automatically modified to reduce the aggregate amount of
the requested Advance by an amount equal to such withdrawn portion in respect of each Advance Notice.

- 8 -

(iv) Option 1 Volume Threshold. In connection with an Advance Notice, if the total number of Common Shares traded on the Principal Market during the applicable Pricing Period is less than the Volume Threshold, then
the number of Advance Shares issued and sold pursuant to such Advance Notice shall be reduced to the greater of (a) 35% of the trading volume of the Common Shares on the Principal Market during such Pricing Period as reported by Bloomberg L.P.,
or (b) the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor during such Pricing Period, but in each case not to exceed the amount requested in the Advance Notice.

(f) Option 2 Minimum Acceptable Price.

(i) With respect to each Advance Notice selecting an Option 2 Pricing Period, the Company may notify the Investor of the MAP with respect to such Advance by indicating a MAP on such Advance Notice. If no MAP is specified
in an Advance Notice, then no MAP shall be in effect in connection with such Advance. Each Trading Day during an Option 2 Pricing Period for which (A) with respect to each Advance Notice with a MAP, the VWAP of the Common Shares is below the MAP
in effect with respect to such Advance Notice, or (B) there is no VWAP (each such day, an Excluded Day), shall result in an automatic reduction to the number of Advance Shares set forth in such Advance Notice by one third (1/3rd) (the resulting amount of each Advance being the Adjusted Advance Amount), and each Excluded Day shall be excluded from the Option 2 Pricing Period for
purposes of determining the Market Price.

(ii) The total Advance Shares in respect of each Advance (after reductions have been made to arrive at the Adjusted Advance Amount, if any) shall be automatically increased by such number of Common Shares (the Additional

Shares) equal to the number of Common Shares sold by the Investor on such Excluded Day, if any, and the price paid per share for each Additional Share shall be equal to the MAP in effect with respect to such Advance Notice multiplied by
97% (without any further discount), provided that this increase shall not cause the total Advance Shares to exceed the amount set forth in the original Advance Notice or any limitations set forth in Section 2.01(c).

- 9 -

(g) Unconditional Contract. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that upon the Investors receipt of a valid Advance Notice from the Company the
Parties shall be deemed to have entered into an unconditional contract binding on both Parties for the purchase and sale of Advance Shares pursuant to such Advance Notice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (i) subject to
Applicable Laws and (ii) subject to Section 3.08, the Investor may sell Common Shares during the Pricing Period.

Section 2.02Closings. The closing of each Advance and
each sale and purchase of Advance Shares (each, a Closing) shall take place as soon as practicable on or after each Advance Date in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The Parties acknowledge that the Purchase Price is not known at
the time the Advance Notice is delivered (at which time the Investor is irrevocably bound) but shall be determined on each Closing based on the daily prices of the Common Shares that are the inputs to the determination of the Purchase Price as set
forth further below. In connection with each Closing, the Company and the Investor shall fulfill each of its obligations as set forth below:

(a) On each Advance Date, the Investor shall deliver to the Company a written document, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (each a Settlement Document), setting forth the final number of Shares to be
purchased by the Investor (taking into account any adjustments pursuant to Section 2.01), the Market Price, the Purchase Price, the aggregate proceeds to be paid by the Investor to the Company, and a report by Bloomberg, L.P. indicating the VWAP
for each of the Trading Days during the Pricing Period (or, if not reported on Bloomberg, L.P., another reporting service reasonably agreed to by the Parties), in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(b) Promptly after receipt of the Settlement Document with respect to each Advance (and, in any event, not later than one Trading Day after such receipt), the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to,
electronically transfer such number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor (as set forth in the Settlement Document) by crediting the Investors account or its designees account at the Depository Trust Company through its Deposit
Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties hereto, and transmit notification to the Investor that such share transfer has been requested. Promptly upon receipt of such
notification, the Investor shall pay to the Company the aggregate purchase price of the Shares (as set forth in the Settlement Document) in cash in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing and transmit
notification to the Company that such funds transfer has been requested. No fractional shares shall be issued, and any fractional amounts shall be rounded to the next higher whole number of shares. To facilitate the transfer of the Common Shares
by the Investor, the Common Shares will not bear any restrictive legends so long as there is an effective Registration Statement covering the resale of such Common Shares (it being understood and agreed by the Investor that notwithstanding the
lack of restrictive legends, the Investor may only sell such Common Shares pursuant to the Plan of Distribution set forth in the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement and otherwise in compliance with the requirements of the Securities
Act (including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements) or pursuant to an available exemption).

- 10 -

(c) On or prior to the Advance Date, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to the other all documents, instruments and writings expressly required to be delivered by either of them pursuant to this Agreement
in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if on any day during the Pricing Period (i) the Company notifies Investor that a Material Outside Event has occurred, or (ii) the Company notifies the
Investor of a Black Out Period, the Parties agree that the pending Advance shall end and the final number of Advance Shares to be purchased by the Investor at the Closing for such Advance shall be equal to the number of Common Shares sold by the
Investor during the applicable Pricing Period prior to the notification from the Company of a Material Outside Event or Black Out Period.

Section 2.03Hardship.

(a) In the event the Investor sells Common Shares after receipt of an Advance Notice and the Company fails to perform its obligations as mandated in Section 2.02, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way
limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Investor is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Investor harmless
against any loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such
default. It is accordingly agreed that the Investor shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to Applicable Laws and the rules of the Principal Market),
without the posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

(b) In the event the Company provides an Advance Notice and the Investor fails to perform its obligations as mandated in Section 2.02, the Investor agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and
obligations set forth in Article V hereto and in addition to any other remedy to which the Company is entitled at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance, it will hold the Company harmless against any loss, claim,
damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Investor and acknowledges that irreparable damage may occur in the event of any such default. It is
accordingly agreed that the Company shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent such breaches of this Agreement and to specifically enforce (subject to the Securities Act and other rules of the Principal Market), without the
posting of a bond or other security, the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

Section 2.04Completion of Resale Pursuant to the Registration
Statement. After the Investor has purchased the full Commitment Amount and has completed the subsequent resale of the full Commitment Amount pursuant to the Registration Statement, Investor will notify the Company in writing (which may be by
e-mail) that all subsequent resales are completed and the Company will be under no further obligation to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

- 11 -

Article III. Representations and Warranties of the Investor

The Investor represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof, as of each Advance Notice Date and as of each Advance Date that:

Section 3.01Organization and Authorization. The Investor
is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Delaware and has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to purchase or acquire Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof. The decision to invest and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Investor, the performance by the Investor of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly authorized and require no other proceedings on the part of the Investor. The undersigned has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and all other instruments on behalf of the Investor or its shareholders.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Investor and, assuming the execution and delivery hereof and acceptance thereof by the Company, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Investor, enforceable against the
Investor in accordance with its terms.

Section 3.02Evaluation of Risks. The Investor has such
knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of, and bearing the economic risks entailed by, an investment in the Common Shares of the Company and of protecting its interests in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that its investment in the Company involves a high degree of risk, and that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section 3.03No Legal, Investment or Tax Advice from the
Company. The Investor acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel
and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of the Companys representatives or agents for legal, tax, investment or other advice with respect to the Investors acquisition of Common Shares hereunder, the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Investor acknowledges that the Investor may lose all or a part of its investment.

Section 3.04Investment Purpose. The Investor is acquiring
the Common Shares for its own account, for investment purposes and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act; provided, however, that by making the representations herein, the Investor does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the
right to dispose of the Shares at any time in accordance with, or pursuant to, a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement or an applicable exemption under the Securities Act. The Investor does not presently have any agreement or
understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to sell or distribute any of the Shares. The Investor acknowledges that it will be disclosed as an underwriter and a selling stockholder in each
Registration Statement and in any prospectus contained therein to the extent required by applicable law and to the extent the prospectus is related to the resale of Registrable Securities.

- 12 -

Section 3.05Accredited Investor. The Investor is an Accredited

Investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D.

Section 3.06Information. The Investor and its advisors
(and its counsel), if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and information the Investor deemed material to making an informed investment decision. The Investor and its advisors
(and its counsel), if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company and its management and have received answers to such questions. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by such Investor
or its advisors (and its counsel), if any, or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the
Company has not made to the Investor, and the Investor acknowledges and agrees it has not relied upon, any representations and warranties of the Company, its employees or any third party other than the representations and warranties of the Company
contained in this Agreement. The Investor understands that its investment involves a high degree of risk. The Investor has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice, as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect
to the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3.07Not an Affiliate. The Investor is not an
officer, director or a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (as that term is defined in Rule 405
promulgated under the Securities Act). During the Commitment Period, the Investor will not acquire for its own account any Common Shares or securities exercisable for or convertible into Common Shares, other than pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant
to any transaction entered into directly with the Company.

Section 3.08No Prior Short Sales. At no time prior to the
date of this Agreement has the Investor, its sole member, any of their respective officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor or its sole member, engaged in or effected, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for its own
principal account, any (i) short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Shares or (ii) hedging transaction, in either case which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common
Shares that remains in effect as of the date of this Agreement.

Section 3.09General Solicitation. Neither the Investor,
nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with any offer or sale of the Common
Shares by the Investor.

Section 3.10No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and
performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and shall not (i) result in a violation of such Investors applicable organizational instruments, (ii) conflict with,
constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default) under, or give rise to any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, mortgage, deed of trust,
indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Investor is a party or is bound, or (iii) result in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment or
decree of any court or governmental agency applicable to the Investor or by which any of its properties or assets are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments,
acceleration, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prohibit or otherwise se interfere with, in any material respect, the ability of the Investor to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

- 13 -

Section 3.11No Governmental Review. The Investor
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Shares or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Shares nor have such
authorities passes upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Shares.

Section 3.12Resale of Shares. The Investor represents,
warrants and covenants that it will resell such Shares only pursuant to a Registration Statement in which the resale of such Advance Shares is registered under the Securities Act, in a manner described under the caption Plan of Distribution in such
Registration Statement, and in a manner in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act.
Notwithstanding the foregoing any Commitment Shares held by the Investor not subject to an effective Registration Statement may be eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act or any such applicable exemptions of the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, subject to the satisfaction of any holding period and other applicable requirements under such Rule.

Article IV. Representations and Warranties of the Company

Except as will be set forth in the SEC Documents or qualified hereunder, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, as of the date
hereof and thereof, as applicable, each Advance Notice Date and each Advance Date (other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such certain date):

Section 4.01Organization and Qualification. Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries is an entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of their respective jurisdiction of organization, and has the requisite power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being
conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing (to the extent applicable) in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except
to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.02Authorization, Enforcement, Compliance with Other
Instruments. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to issue the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.
The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares)
have been or (with respect to consummation) will be duly authorized by the Companys board of directors and no further consent or authorization will be required by the Company, its board of directors or its shareholders. This Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party have been (or, when executed and delivered, will be) duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the execution and delivery thereof and acceptance by the Investor, constitute (or, when
duly executed and delivered, will be) the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may
be limited by federal or state securities law. Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the Parties hereto in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, as may be amended from time to time.

- 14 -

Section 4.03Authorization of the Shares. From and after
the Effective Time, the Shares to be issued under this Agreement have been, or with respect to Shares to be purchased by the Investor pursuant to an Advance Notice, will be, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of
directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided herein, duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any
pledge, lien, encumbrance, security interest or other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
The Shares, when issued, will conform to the description thereof set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

Section 4.04No Conflict. The execution, delivery and
performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the
articles of incorporation or other organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries (with respect to consummation, as the same may be amended prior to the date on which any of the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated), (ii)
conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or
instrument to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or its
Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent such violations that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 4.05SEC Documents; Financial Statements. From and
after the Effective Time, the Company shall have timely filed (giving effect to permissible extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with
the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, each Registration Statement, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Prospectus contained therein and each Prospectus Supplement thereto, and all information contained in
such filings and all documents and disclosures that have been or may in the future be incorporated by reference therein (all such documents hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). From and after the Effective Time, the Company shall
have delivered or made available to the Investor through the SECs website at http://www.sec.gov, true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, as applicable. Except as disclosed in amendments or subsequent filings to the SEC Documents, as of its
filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such amended or superseded filing), the SEC Documents shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act,
as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

- 15 -

Section 4.06Financial Statements. Following the Effective
Date, the consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents, together with the related notes and schedules, shall present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity of the Company for the periods specified and shall have been prepared in compliance with the
requirements of the Securities Act and Exchange Act and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis (except for (i) such adjustments to accounting standards and
practices as are noted therein, (ii) in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, to the extent such financial statements may not include footnotes required by GAAP or may be condensed or summary statements and (iii) such adjustments which
are not material, either individually or in the aggregate) during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents shall be
accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial statements and books and records of the Company; there shall be no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that shall be required to be included or
incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents that shall not be included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company and the Subsidiaries shall not have any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance
sheet obligations), not described in the SEC Documents (excluding the exhibits thereto); and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and
regulations of the Commission) shall comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language
included or incorporated by reference in the SEC Documents shall fairly present the information called for in all material respects and shall be prepared in accordance with the SECs rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

Section 4.07Registration Statement and Prospectus. Each
Registration Statement and the offer and sale of Shares as contemplated hereby, if and when filed, will meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said Rule. Any statutes, regulations, contracts
or other documents that are required to be described in a Registration Statement or a Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or to be filed as exhibits to a Registration Statement have been so described or filed. Copies of each
Registration Statement, any Prospectus, and any such amendments or supplements thereto and all documents incorporated by reference therein that were filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement have been delivered, or are
available through EDGAR, to the Investor and its counsel. The Company has not distributed and, prior to the later to occur of each Advance Date and completion of the distribution of the Shares, will not distribute any offering material in connection
with the offering or sale of the Shares other than a Registration Statement, Prospectus contained therein, and each other prospectus supplement.

- 16 -

Section 4.08No Misstatement or Omission. Each
Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, and any Prospectus, on the date of such Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, conformed and will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. At
each Advance Date, the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus, as of such date, will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Registration Statement, when it became or becomes effective, did not, and will
not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Each Prospectus did not, or will not, include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The documents incorporated by reference in a Prospectus or any Prospectus Supplement did
not, and any further documents filed and incorporated by reference therein will not, when filed with the Commission, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in such document or necessary to
make the statements in such document, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing shall not apply to statements in, or omissions from, any such document made in reliance upon, and in conformity with,
information furnished to the Company by the Investor specifically for use in the preparation thereof.

Section 4.09Conformity with Securities Act and Exchange Act.
Each Registration Statement, each Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, and the documents incorporated by reference in each Registration Statement, Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents were or are filed
with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable.

Section 4.10Equity Capitalization. On the Effective Date
the authorized share capital of the Company shall be provided to the Investor. Following the Effective Date, the Common Shares will be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on a Principal Market under the trading symbol a
symbol to be determined. Commencing on the Effective Date the Company will take no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act, delisting the Common Shares from the
Principal Market. Commencing on the Effective Date, the Company will, promptly upon receipt of any notification that the Commission or the Principal Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing, notify the Investor. Commencing on
the Effective Date, the Company will, promptly notify the Investor, if it is not in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal Market.

- 17 -

Section 4.11Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and
its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all material trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental
authorizations, trade secrets and rights, if any, necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not received written notice of any
infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, or trade secrets, except as would not cause a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge, being threatened against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding trademark, trade name, patents,
patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement; and, except as would not cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.12Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has any such dispute threatened, in each case which is reasonably likely to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.13Environmental Laws. To the Companys
knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply in all material respects with all Environmental Laws (as defined below), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals
required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) have not received written notice alleging any failure to comply with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each
of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws means all applicable federal, state and local
laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans
or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

Section 4.14Title. Except as would not cause a Material
Adverse Effect, the Company (or its Subsidiaries) has indefeasible fee simple or leasehold title to its properties and material assets owned by it, free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim or equitable interest other
than such as are not material to the business of the Company. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material
and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

- 18 -

Section 4.15Insurance. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a
cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.16Regulatory Permits. Except as would not cause
a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to own their respective businesses, and
neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permits.

Section 4.17Internal Accounting Controls. Following the
Effective Date, the Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or
specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences, and management is not aware of any material weaknesses
that are not disclosed in the SEC Documents as and when required.

Section 4.18Absence of Litigation. There is no action,
suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending against or affecting the Company, the Common Shares or any of the Companys Subsidiaries, wherein an
unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.19Subsidiaries. Other than the LCW Merger Sub
and Innventure Merger Sub, the Company does not presently own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any other corporation, partnership, association or other business entity.

Section 4.20Tax Status. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other governmental assessments
and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. The Company has not received written notification of any unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and
the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no basis for any such claim where failure to pay would cause a Material Adverse Effect.

- 19 -

Section 4.21Certain Transactions. Except as not required
to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Laws, none of the officers or directors of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or
other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer or director, or to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation,
partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer or director has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

Section 4.22Rights of First Refusal. The Company is not
obligated to offer the Common Shares offered hereunder on a right of first refusal basis to any third parties including, but not limited to, current or former shareholders of the Company, underwriters, brokers, agents or other third parties.

Section 4.23Dilution. The Company is aware and
acknowledges that issuance of Common Shares hereunder could cause dilution to existing shareholders and could significantly increase the outstanding number of Common Shares.

Section 4.24Acknowledgment Regarding Investors Purchase of
Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length investor with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder. The Company further acknowledges that the
Investor is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder and any advice given by the Investor or any of its representatives or
agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder is merely incidental to the Investors purchase of the Shares hereunder. The Company is aware and acknowledges that it shall not be able to request Advances under this
Agreement if the Registration Statement is not effective or if any issuances of Common Shares pursuant to any Advances would violate any rules of the Principal Market. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is capable of evaluating and
understanding, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.25Finders Fees. Neither the Company nor any of
the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated. 

Section 4.26Relationship of the Parties. Neither the
Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, affiliates, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any person acting on its or their behalf is a client or customer of the Investor or any of its affiliates and neither the Investor nor any of its affiliates has
provided, or will provide, any services to the Company or any of its affiliates, its subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any person acting on its or their behalf. The Investors relationship to Company is solely as investor as provided
for in the Transaction Documents. 

Section 4.27Operations. The operations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with and neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, not complied with Applicable Law; and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any governmental authority involving the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries with respect to Applicable Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

- 20 -

Section 4.28Forward-Looking Statements. No
forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement or a Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed
other than in good faith.

Section 4.29Compliance with Laws. The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries are in compliance with Applicable Laws; the Company has not received a notice of non-compliance, nor knows of, nor has reasonable grounds to know of, any facts that any director, officer, or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary
nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, Affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, has not complied with Applicable Laws, or could give rise to a notice of non-compliance with Applicable Laws, and is not aware
of any pending change or contemplated change to any applicable law or regulation or governmental position; in each case that would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.30Sanctions Matters. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer or controlled Affiliate of the Company or any director or officer of any Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is (i) the subject
of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authorities,
including, without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or (ii) located, organized
or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory (including, without limitation, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions, the Donetsk Peoples Republic and Luhansk
Peoples Republic in Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Sudan and Syria (the Sanctioned Countries)). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds from the sale of Advance Shares, or
lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person (a) for the purpose of funding or facilitating any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at
the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country, or (b) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions or Applicable Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise). For the past five years, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in, and is now not engaged in, any dealings or transactions with
any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or was a Sanctioned Country. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director, officer or controlled Affiliate
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has ever had funds blocked by a United States bank or financial institution, temporarily or otherwise, as a result of OFAC concerns.

- 21 -

Article V. Indemnification

The Investor and the Company represent to the other the following with respect to itself:

Section 5.01Indemnification by the Company. In
consideration of the Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Shares hereunder, and in addition to all of the Companys other obligations under this Agreement, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless
the Investor and its investment manager, Yorkville Advisors Global, LP, and each of their respective officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Investor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Investor Indemnitees) from and against any and
all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is a party to the action for
which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by the Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment thereof or
supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that
the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance
upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or material warranty made by the
Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement or material obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement or any
other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Law, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and
satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Law.

Section 5.02Indemnification by the Investor. In
consideration of the Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of the Investors other obligations under this Agreement, the Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Company and all of its
officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and each person who controls the Investor within the meaning of Section 15 of the
Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to
(a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or in any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however,
that the Investor will only be liable for written information relating to the Investor furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity, and will not be liable
in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity with
written information furnished to the Investor by or on behalf of the Company specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document
contemplated hereby or thereby executed by the Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Investor contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed by
the Investor. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, the Investor shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities, which is
permissible under Applicable Laws.

- 22 -

Section 5.03Notice of Claim. Promptly after receipt by an
Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as applicable,
shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Article V, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof; but the failure to so notify the
indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability under this Article V except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced by such failure. The indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party
so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may
be; provided, however, that an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall cooperate fully
with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying
party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying
party shall, without the prior written consent of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the
claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all
rights of the Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification required by this Article V shall be made by periodic
payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received and payment therefor is due.

- 23 -

Section 5.04Remedies. The remedies provided for in this
Article V are not exclusive and shall not limit any right or remedy which may be available to any indemnified person at law or equity. The obligations of the Parties to indemnify or make contribution under this Article V shall survive expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

Section 5.05Limitation of liability. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no party shall be entitled to recover from the other party for punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential damages.

Article VI.

Covenants

The Company covenants with the Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the benefit
of the other party, during the Commitment Period:

Section 6.01Registration Statement.

(a) Filing of a Registration Statement. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement, or multiple Registration Statements for the resale by the Investor of the Registrable Securities.
The Company in its sole discretion may choose when to file such Registration Statements; provided, however, that the Company shall not have the ability to request any Advances until the effectiveness of a Registration Statement.

(b) Maintaining a Registration Statement. The Company shall maintain the effectiveness of any Registration Statement that has been declared effective at all times during the Commitment Period, provided, however,
that if the Company has received notification pursuant to Section 2.04 that the Investor has completed resales pursuant to the Registration Statement for the full Commitment Amount, then the Company shall be under no further obligation to
maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall ensure that, when declared effective, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation,
all amendments and supplements thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection with such Registration Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made) not misleading. During the Commitment Period, the
Company shall notify the Investor promptly if (i) the Registration Statement shall cease to be effective under the Securities Act, (ii) the Common Shares shall cease to be authorized for listing on the Principal Market, (iii) the Common Shares
cease to be registered under Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or (iv) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act.

- 24 -

(c) Filing Procedures. The Company shall (A) permit counsel to the Investor an opportunity to review and comment upon (i) each Registration Statement at least three (3) Trading Days prior to its filing with the
SEC and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, the Prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and
any similar or successor reports or Prospectus Supplements the contents of which is limited to that set forth in such reports) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing with the SEC, and (B) shall reasonably consider any comments
of the Investor and its counsel on any such Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto or to any Prospectus contained therein. The Company shall promptly furnish to the Investor, without charge, (i) electronic copies of any
correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to each Registration Statement (which correspondence shall be redacted to exclude any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one (1) electronic copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and
schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by the Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one (1) electronic copy of the Prospectus included in such Registration
Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto; provided, however, the Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the extent such document is available on EDGAR).

(d) Amendments and Other Filings. The Company shall (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement and the related prospectus
used in connection with such Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during the Commitment
Period, and prepare and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities; (ii) cause the related prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any
required prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act; (iii) provide the Investor copies of all correspondence from and to
the SEC relating to a Registration Statement (provided that the Company may excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information, and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to
the Registration Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section 6.01(d) by reason of the Companys filing a report on
Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the Company shall file such report in a prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act to incorporate such filing into the
Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements with the SEC either on the day on which the Exchange Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement the Registration
Statement, if feasible, or otherwise promptly thereafter.

- 25 -

(e) Blue-Sky. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Laws, (i) register and qualify the Common Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other
securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such
registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times
during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Common Shares for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a
condition thereto to (w) make any change to its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or any other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be
required to qualify but for this Section 6.01(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the
receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of
actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

Section 6.02Suspension of Registration Statement.

(a) Establishment of a Black Out Period. During the Commitment Period, the Company from time to time may suspend the use of the Registration Statement by written notice to the Investor in the event that the
Company determines in its sole discretion in good faith that such suspension is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus so that such Registration Statement or Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (a Black Out Period).

(b) No Sales by Investor During the Black Out Period. During such Black Out Period, the Investor agrees not to sell any Common Shares of the Company pursuant to such Registration Statement, but may sell shares
pursuant to an exemption from registration, if available, subject to the Investors compliance with Applicable Laws.

(c) Limitations on the Black Out Period. The Company shall not impose any Black Out Period that is longer than 60 days or in a manner that is more restrictive (including, without limitation, as to duration) than
the comparable restrictions that the Company may impose on transfers of the Companys equity securities by its directors and senior executive officers. In addition, the Company shall not deliver any Advance Notice during any Black Out Period. If
the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information is made during a Black Out Period, the Black Out Period shall terminate immediately after such announcement, and the Company shall immediately notify the Investor of the termination
of the Black Out Period.

- 26 -

Section 6.03Listing of Common Shares. As of each Advance
Date, the Shares to be sold by the Company from time to time hereunder will have been registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

Section 6.04Opinion of Counsel. Prior to the date of the
delivery by the Company of the first Advance Notice, the Investor shall have received an opinion letter from counsel to the Company in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Section 6.05Exchange Act Registration. The Company will
file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act and will not take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by Exchange Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate or
suspend its reporting and filing obligations under the Exchange Act.

Section 6.06Transfer Agent Instructions. During the
Commitment Period (or such shorter time as permitted by Section 2.04 of this Agreement) and subject to Applicable Laws, the Company shall cause (including, if necessary, by causing legal counsel for the Company to deliver an opinion) the transfer agent
for the Common Shares to remove restrictive legends from Common Shares purchased by the Investor pursuant to this Agreement, provided that counsel for the Company shall have been furnished with such documents as they may require for the purpose of
enabling them to render the opinions or make the statements requested by the transfer agent, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the covenants, obligations or conditions,
contained herein.

Section 6.07Corporate Existence. The Company will use
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve and continue the corporate existence of the Company during the Commitment Period.

Section 6.08Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration;
Suspension of Right to Make an Advance. The Company will promptly notify the Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of a Registration Statement or related Prospectus
(in each of which cases the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential): (i) except for requests made in connection with SEC investigations disclosed in the SEC Documents, receipt of any request for additional information by
the SEC or any other Federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any request for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or related Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC
or any other Federal governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening of any event that makes any statement made in the
Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related Prospectus or
documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and
that in the case of the related Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or of the necessity to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law (and the Company will promptly make available to the Investor any
such supplement or amendment to the related Prospectus); (v) the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement would be required under Applicable Law; (vi) the Common Shares shall cease to be
authorized for listing on the Principal Market; or (vii) the Company fails to file in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of it as a reporting company under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deliver to the Investor any
Advance Notice, and the Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant to any pending Advance Notice (other than as required pursuant to Section 2.02(d)), during the continuation of any of the foregoing events (each of the events described in the
immediately preceding clauses (i) through (vii), inclusive, a Material Outside Event). The Company shall not be required to provide any information to the Investor pursuant to this Section 6.08 if it determines in its reasonable judgement that
such information would constitute material non-public information.

- 27 -

Section 6.09Consolidation. If an Advance Notice has been
delivered to the Investor, then the Company shall not effect any consolidation of the Company with or into, or a transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company to another entity before the transaction contemplated in such Advance Notice
has been closed in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, and all Shares in connection with such Advance have been received by the Investor.

Section 6.10Issuance of the Companys Common Shares. The
issuance and sale of the Common Shares hereunder shall be made in accordance with the provisions and requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities law.

Section 6.11Expenses. The Company, whether or not the
transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the
Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each prospectus and of each amendment and supplement thereto; (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of any Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) all fees and
disbursements of the Companys counsel, accountants and other advisors (but not, for the avoidance doubt, the fees and disbursements of Investors counsel, accountants and other advisors), (iv) the qualification of the Shares under securities laws in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery of copies of any prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto requested by the Investor, (vi) the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the Shares for trading on the Principal Market, or (vii) filing fees of the SEC and the Principal Market.

- 28 -

Section 6.12Current Report. The Company shall procure
that the Parent, not later than 5:30 p.m., New York City time, on the fourth business day after the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC a current report on Form 8-K disclosing the execution of this Agreement by the Company and the Investor
(including any exhibits thereto, the Current Report). The Company shall provide the Investor and its legal counsel a reasonable opportunity to comment on any description of this Agreement contained in a draft of the Current Report, including
any exhibit to be filed related thereto, as applicable, prior to filing the Current Report with the SEC and shall give due consideration to all such comments. From and after the filing of the Current Report with the SEC, the Company shall have publicly
disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to the Investor (or the Investors representatives or agents) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if
any) in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents not to,
provide the Investor with any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without the express prior written consent of the Investor (which may be granted or withheld in the Investors sole discretion); it being
understood that the mere notification of Investor required pursuant to clause (iv) of Section 6.08 shall not in and of itself be deemed to be material, non-public information. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Company expressly agrees that it shall publicly disclose in the Current Report or otherwise make publicly available any information communicated to the Investor by or, to the knowledge of the Company, on behalf of the Company in connection with the
transactions contemplated herein, which, following the date hereof would, if not so disclosed, constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on
the foregoing representations in effecting resales of Shares under a Registration Statement. In addition, effective upon the filing of the Current Report, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, on the one
hand, and Investor or any of its respective officers, directors, Affiliates, employees or agents, on the other hand, shall terminate.

Section 6.13Advance Notice Limitation. The Company shall
not deliver an Advance Notice if a shareholder meeting or corporate action date, or the record date for any shareholder meeting or any corporate action, would fall during the period beginning two Trading Days prior to the date of delivery of such
Advance Notice and ending two Trading Days following the Closing of such Advance.

Section 6.14Use of Proceeds. The proceeds from the sale
of the Shares by the Company to Investor shall be used by the Company in the manner as will be set forth in the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement (and any post-effective amendment thereto) and any Prospectus Supplement thereto filed
pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 6.15Compliance with Laws. The Company shall
comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws.

Section 6.16Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor
any Subsidiary, nor any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons will, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute or result, in the
stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of Common Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Shares in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting
purchases of the Shares.

- 29 -

Section 6.17Trading Information. Upon the Companys
request, the Investor agrees to provide the Company with trading reports setting forth the number and average sales prices of shares of Common Stock sold by the Investor during the prior trading week.

Section 6.18Selling Restrictions. (i) Except as expressly
set forth below, the Investor covenants that from and after the date hereof through and including the Trading Day next following the expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 10.01 (the Restricted Period), none of the
Investor any of its officers, or any entity managed or controlled by the Investor (collectively, the Restricted Persons and each of the foregoing is referred to herein as a Restricted Person) shall, directly or indirectly, engage in
any short sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the Exchange Act) of the Common Shares, either for its own principal account or for the principal account of any other Restricted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is
expressly understood and agreed that nothing contained herein shall (without implication that the contrary would otherwise be true) prohibit any Restricted Person during the Restricted Period from: (1) selling long (as defined under Rule 200
promulgated under Regulation SHO) the Shares; or (2) selling a number of Common Shares equal to the number of Advance Shares that such Restricted Person is unconditionally obligated to purchase under a pending Advance Notice but has not yet received
from the Company or the transfer agent pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 6.19Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement, or any of its rights or any of its
obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for damages pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this Agreement, or any right arising
from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, without the prior written consent of the other Party and any such purported assignment in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or
effect. Without the consent of the Investor, the Company shall not have the right to assign or transfer any of its rights, or provide any third party the right to bind or obligate the Company, to deliver Advance Notices or effect Advances hereunder.

Article VII.

Conditions for Delivery of Advance Notice

Section 7.01Conditions Precedent to the Right of the Company
to Deliver an Advance Notice. The right of the Company to deliver an Advance Notice and the obligations of the Investor hereunder with respect to an Advance are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, on each Advance Notice Date (a Condition
Satisfaction Date), of each of the following conditions:

(a) Accuracy of the Companys Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Advance Notice Date
(other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such certain date.

- 30 -

(b) Issuance of Commitment Shares. The Company shall have issued the Commitment Shares to an account designated by the Investor, in accordance with Section 12.04, all of which Commitment Shares, if issued,
shall be fully earned as of the date hereof and non-refundable, regardless of whether any Advance Notices are made or settled hereunder or any subsequent termination of this Agreement.

(c) Registration of the Common Shares with the SEC. There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the Common Shares
issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice. The Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner all reports, notices and other documents required under the Exchange Act and applicable SEC regulations during the twelve-month period
immediately preceding the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(d) Authority. The Company shall have obtained all permits and qualifications required by any applicable state for the offer and sale of all the Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice, or shall
have the availability of exemptions therefrom. The sale and issuance of such Common Shares shall be legally permitted by all laws and regulations to which the Company is subject.

(e) No Material Outside Event. No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(f) Board. The board of directors of the Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; said approval has not been amended, rescinded or modified and remains in full force and
effect as of the Effective Date, and a true, correct and complete copy of such resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors of the Company shall have been provided to the Investor.

(g) Performance by the Company. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied
or complied with by the Company at or prior the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(h) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent
jurisdiction that prohibits or directly, materially and adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(i) No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares. Trading in the Common Shares shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, the Company shall not have received any final
and non-appealable notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Shares on the Principal Market shall be terminated on a date certain (unless, prior to such date certain, the Common Shares are listed or quoted on any subsequent Principal
Market), nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares that is continuing, the
Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares is
being imposed or is contemplated (unless, prior to such suspension or restriction, DTC shall have notified the Company in writing that DTC has determined not to impose any such suspension or restriction).

- 31 -

(j) Authorized. There shall be a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Shares for the issuance of all of the Shares issuable pursuant to such Advance Notice.

(k) Executed Advance Notice. The representations contained in the applicable Advance Notice shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the applicable Condition Satisfaction Date.

(l) Consecutive Advance Notices. Except with respect to the first Advance Notice, the Company shall have delivered all Shares relating to all prior Advances.

Article VIII.

Non Exclusive Agreement

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may,
at any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities and/or convertible notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other
facilities which may be converted into or replaced by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures, and/or grant any rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital.

Article IX.

Choice of Law/Jurisdiction

This Agreement, and any and all claims, proceedings or causes of action relating to this Agreement or arising from this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation, tort claims, statutory claims and contract claims, shall be interpreted, construed, governed and enforced under and solely in accordance with the substantive and procedural laws of the
State of New York, in each case as in effect from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly within the State of New York. The Parties further agree that any action between them shall be
heard in New York County, New York, and expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New
York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted pursuant to this Agreement.

- 32 -

EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY
HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT
AND THE OTHER PARTY HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH.

Article X. Termination

Section 10.01Termination.

(a) Unless earlier terminated as provided hereunder, this Agreement shall terminate automatically on the earliest of (i) the termination of the Business Combination Agreement, (ii) the first day of the month next
following the 36-month anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have made payment of Advances pursuant to this Agreement for Common Shares equal to the Commitment Amount.

(b) The Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon five Trading Days prior written notice to the Investor; provided that (i) there are no outstanding Advance Notices, the Common Shares under which have yet to
be issued, and (ii) the Company has paid all amounts owed to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by the mutual written consent of the Parties, effective as of the date of such mutual written
consent unless otherwise provided in such written consent.

(c) Nothing in this Section 10.01 shall be deemed to release the Company or the Investor from any liability for any breach under this Agreement, or to impair the rights of the Company and the Investor to compel specific
performance by the other party of its obligations under this Agreement. The indemnification provisions contained in Article V shall survive termination hereunder.

Article XI. Notices

Section 11.01Notices. Other than with respect to Advance
Notices, which must be in writing delivered in accordance with Section 2.01(b) and will be deemed delivered on the day set forth in Section 2.01(b), any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required or permitted to be given under the
terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by e-mail if sent on a Trading Day, or, if not sent on a Trading Day, on the immediately
following Trading Day; (iii) 5 days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, (iv) 1 day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same.
The addresses for such communications (except for Advance Notices which shall be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A hereof) shall be:

If to the Company, to: 

Learn SPAC Holdco, Inc. 

11755 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 2320 

Los Angeles, CA 90025 

Attention: Robert Hutter

Telephone: (424) 324-2990 

Email: rob@learn.vc 

- 33 -

With a copy to (which shall not 

constitute notice or delivery of process) to: 

Vedder Price 

222 North LaSalle Street, Suite 2600 

Chicago, IL 60601 

Attention: John Blatchford 

Telephone: (312) 609-7605 

Email: jblatchford@vedderprice.com 

If to the Investor(s): YA II PN, Ltd.

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

Attention: Mark Angelo

Portfolio Manager

Telephone: (201) 985-8300 

Email: mangelo@yorkvilleadvisors.com

With a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to: 

David Gonzalez, Esq. 

1012 Springfield Avenue 

Mountainside, NJ 07092 

Telephone: (201) 985-8300

Email: legal@yorkvilleadvisors.com

or at such other address and/or e-mail and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party
three Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the senders email service provider
containing the time, date, recipient email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

Article XII. Miscellaneous

Section 12.01Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in identical counterparts, both which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. Facsimile or other electronically scanned and delivered
signatures (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com), including by e-mail
attachment, shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes of this Agreement.

- 34 -

Section 12.02Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement
supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their respective Affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement contains the entire understanding
of the Parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein, neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this
Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Parties to this Agreement.

Section 12.03Reporting Entity for the Common Shares. The
reporting entity relied upon for the determination of the trading price or trading volume of the Common Shares on any given Trading Day for the purposes of this Agreement shall be Bloomberg, L.P. or any successor thereto. The written mutual consent of
the Investor and the Company shall be required to employ any other reporting entity.

Section 12.04Commitment and Structuring Fee. Each of the
Parties shall pay its own fees and expenses (including the fees of any attorneys, accountants, appraisers or others engaged by such party) in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that the Company has paid to
YA Global II SPV, LLC, a subsidiary of the Investor, a structuring fee in the amount of $25,000, and, within 10 Trading days of the closing of the Business Combination, the Company shall pay to the Investor a commitment fee in an amount equal to
$375,000 (the Commitment Fee) at the Companys election in (i) cash or (ii) by the issuance to the Investor such number of Common Shares that are equal to the Commitment Fee divided by the lower of (1) average of the daily VWAPs of the Common
Shares during the 7 Trading Days immediately following the Business Combination or (2) $10.00 per share (collectively, the Commitment Shares).

Section 12.05Fully Earned. Any Commitment Shares issued
pursuant to Section 12.04 shall be fully earned as of the date hereof.

Section 12.06Brokerage. Each of the Parties hereto
represents that it has had no dealings in connection with this transaction with any finder or broker who will demand payment of any fee or commission from the other party. The Company on the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand, agree to
indemnify the other against and hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any person claiming brokerage commissions or finders fees on account of services purported to have been rendered on behalf of the indemnifying party in connection
with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

- 35 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Standby Equity Purchase Agreement to be executed by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

LEARN SPAC HOLDCO, INC.

By: /s/ Robert Hutter

Name: Robert Hutter

Title: President

INVESTOR:

YA II PN, LTD.

By: Yorkville Advisors Global, LP

Its: Investment Manager

By: Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC

Its: General Partner

By: /s/ David Gonzalez

Name: David Gonzalez

Title: General Counsel

- 36 -

EXHIBIT A

ADVANCE NOTICE

LEARN SPAC HOLDCO, INC.

Dated: ______________ Advance Notice Number: ____

The undersigned, _______________________, hereby certifies, with respect to the sale of Common Shares of Learn SPAC Holdco, Inc. (the Company) issuable in connection with this Advance Notice, delivered pursuant to that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of [____________] (the Agreement), as
follows (with capitalized terms used herein without definition having the same meanings as given to them in the Agreement): 

1. The undersigned is the duly elected ______________ of the Company.

2. There are no fundamental changes to the information set forth in the Registration Statement which would require the Company to file a
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement.

3. The Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements to be performed by the Company contained in the
Agreement on or prior to the Advance Notice Date. All conditions to the delivery of this Advance Notice are satisfied as of the date hereof.

4. The number of Advance Shares the Company is requesting is _____________________.

5. The Exchange Cap is ____.

6. The Average Price is ____.

6. The Pricing Period for this Advance shall be an [Option 1 Pricing Period]/[Option 2 Pricing Period.

7. (For an Option 1 Pricing Period Add:) The Volume Threshold for this Advance shall be _________]. (For an Option 2 Pricing Period Add:)
The Minimum Acceptable Price with respect to this Advance Notice is____________ (if left blank then no Minimum Acceptable Price will be applicable to this Advance).

8. The number of Common Shares of the Company outstanding as of the date hereof is ___________.

The undersigned has executed this Advance Notice as of the date first set forth above.

LEARN SPAC HOLDCO, INC.

By: 

Please deliver this Advance Notice by email to: 

Email: Trading@yorkvilleadvisors.com

Attention: Trading Department and Compliance Officer 

Confirmation Telephone Number: (201) 985-8300.

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF SETTLEMENT DOCUMENT

VIA EMAIL

Learn SPAC Holdco, Inc. 

Attn: 

Email:

Below please find the
settlement information with respect to the Advance Notice Date of: 

1. Number of Common Shares requested in the Advance Notice 

1.b. Volume Threshold (Number of Common Shares in (1) divided by 0.35 

1.c. Number of Common Shares traded during Pricing Period 

2. Minimum Acceptable Price for this Advance (if any) 

3. Number of Excluded Days (if any) 

4. Adjusted Advance Amount (if applicable) (including pursuant to Volume Threshold
adjustment)) 

5. [Option [1] / [2] Market Price 

6. Purchase Price (Market Price x 95/97%) per share 

7. Number of Advance Shares due to the Investor 

8. Total Purchase Price due to Company (row 6 x row 7) 

If there were any Excluded Days then add the following

9. Number of Additional Shares to be issued to
the Investor 

10. Additional amount to be paid to the Company by the Investor (Additional Shares in
row 9 x Minimum Acceptable Price x 97%) 

11. Total Amount to be paid to the Company (Purchase Price in row 8 + additional amount
in row 10) 

12. Total Advance Shares to be issued to the Investor (Advance Shares due to the
Investor in row 7 + Additional Shares in row 9) 

Please issue the number of Advance Shares due to the Investor to the account of the Investor as follows:

Investors DTC participant #:

ACCOUNT NAME: 

ACCOUNT NUMBER: 

ADDRESS: 

CITY: 

COUNTRY: 

Contact person:

Number and/or email: 

Sincerely, 

YA II PN, LTD.

Agreed and approved by LEARN SPAC HOLDCO, INC.

__________________________________ 

Name: 

Title:

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF LEGAL OPINION

[ATTACHED]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20045914_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and among

INNVENTURE, INC.

and

THE PURCHASERS LISTED ON SCHEDULE I HERETO

Dated as of March [], 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. 

Definitions 

3

Section 1.02. 

General Interpretive Principles 

6

ARTICLE II

SALE AND PURCHASE OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK

Section 2.01. 

Sale and Purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock 

6

Section 2.02. 

Closing 

6

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 3.01. 

Representations and Warranties of the Company 

7

Section 3.02. 

Representations and Warranties of Each Purchaser 

11

ARTICLE IV

REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

Section 4.01. 

Company Registration 

13

Section 4.02. 

Obligations of the Company 

13

Section 4.03. 

Furnish Information 

14

Section 4.04. 

Expenses of Registration 

14

Section 4.05. 

Indemnification. 

15

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 5.01. 

Taking of Necessary Action 

16

Section 5.02. 

Corporate Actions 

16

Section 5.03. 

Tax Treatment 

17

Section 5.04. 

Section 4501 Tax 

17

ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 6.01. 

Survival of Representations and Warranties and Registration Rights 

17

Section 6.02. 

Notices 

17

Section 6.03. 

Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries; Amendment 

18

Section 6.04. 

Counterparts 

18

Section 6.05. 

Expenses 

18

Section 6.06. 

Successors and Assigns 

18

Section 6.07. 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 

19

Section 6.08. 

Severability 19

Section 6.09. 

Headings 19

Section 6.10. 

Non-Recourse 

20

Section 6.11. 

Section 4501 Tax 

20

ARTICLE VII

CONVERSION LIMITATIONS

Section 7.01. 

Conversion Limitations. 

20

SCHEDULE PURCHASERS

EXHIBIT A FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

2

PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March [], 2025 (the Effective Date), is by and among Innventure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),

and the several Purchasers listed from time to time on Schedule I attached hereto (each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers). 

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined where used shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Article I.

WHEREAS, at the Closing, the Purchasers desire to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to such
Purchasers, an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 shares of the Companys Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock), at a purchase price of $10.00 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Price), having the
terms and conditions specified in the form of Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Certificate) to be issued on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Company and each Purchaser desire to set forth certain agreements herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. As used in
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, with respect to each Purchaser, the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries shall not be considered Affiliates of such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates.

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c).

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are not option for the transaction of normal banking
business.

Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.

change shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Material Adverse Effect.

3

Closing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock means any shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, of the Company that are listed and traded on the Listing Exchange under the name and ticker INV.

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Company Reports shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(g)(i).

control means possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other
ownership interests, by contract or otherwise) and shall include its correlative meanings, controlled by and under common control with.

Converted Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Enforceability Exceptions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c).

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Governmental Entity means any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, whether federal, state, local or foreign, and any
applicable industry self-regulatory organization.

Investor Indemnitee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05(a).

Issuance Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(ii).

Listing Exchange means the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq).

Loss or Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05(a).

Material Adverse Effect means any change, effect, condition, event, circumstance, occurrence or development (each a change, and collectively, changes) that,
individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities or financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, or (b) the ability of the Company to consummate the Closing or to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(i).

4

Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(i).

Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability or unlimited liability company, association, partnership, trust, estate, joint venture, business trust or unincorporated
organization, or a government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or other entity of any kind or nature.

Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b).

Purchase Price means, with respect to each Purchaser, the purchase price listed opposite such Purchasers name on Schedule I hereto.

Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

Requisite Stockholder Approval shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(i).

Sanctioned Party means any entity 50% or more owned or, where relevant under applicable sanctions laws, controlled, individually or in the aggregate, by one or more party designated on
a sanctioned parties list administered by the U.S., in each case only to the extent that dealings with such persons are prohibited pursuant to applicable laws and regulations pertaining to trade and economic sanctions administered by the U.S.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts, selling commissions, and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of registrable securities, and fees
and disbursements of counsel for any Purchaser.

Series C Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.

Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which 50% or more of the shares of the voting securities or other voting interests are owned or controlled, or the
ability to select or elect 50% or more of the directors or similar managers is held, directly or indirectly, by such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such first Person, or by such first Person and one or more of its
Subsidiaries.

Tax or Taxes means all federal, state, local, and foreign income, excise, gross receipts, gross income, ad valorem, profits, gains, property, capital, sales, transfer, use,
payroll, employment, severance, withholding, duties, intangibles, franchise, backup withholding, value-added, and other taxes imposed by a Governmental Entity, together with all interest, penalties and additions to tax imposed with respect
thereto.

5

Tax Return means a report, return or other document (including any amendments thereto) required to be supplied to a Governmental Entity with respect to Taxes.

Section 1.02. General Interpretive Principles. Whenever used in this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided
or unless the context otherwise requires, any noun or pronoun shall be deemed to include the plural as well as the singular and to cover all genders. Any of the terms defined herein may, unless the context otherwise requires, be used in the
singular or the plural, depending on the reference. The name assigned to this Agreement and the headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or effect hereof. 
Whenever the words include, includes, or including, are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. Unless otherwise specified, the terms hereto, hereof, herein and similar terms
refer to this Agreement as a whole (including the exhibits, schedules and disclosure statements hereto), and references herein to Articles or Sections refer to Articles or Sections of this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

SALE AND PURCHASE OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK

Section 2.01. Sale and Purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock. On the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the
Closing, each Purchaser shall purchase and acquire from the Company, and the Company shall issue, sell and deliver to each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, the applicable number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock listed opposite such
Purchasers name on Schedule I hereto (as such schedule can be amended or supplemented pursuant to Section 6.03).

Section 2.02. Closing.

(a) On the terms of this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of
Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Agreement will take place simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement on the Effective Date (the Closing).

(b) At the
Closing:

(i) The Company will (A) issue and deliver to each Purchaser the Series C Preferred Stock purchased by it, registered in the name of each applicable Purchaser, in each case free and clear of all liens, except restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act, any other applicable securities laws or any other agreement by and among the
Company and any of the Purchasers (the terms of which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall only apply to those Purchasers who are party thereto), and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to record, and the transfer agent shall record, the
issuance of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to each applicable Purchaser on the transfer agents books and records, against payment in full by or on behalf of such Purchaser of the applicable Purchase Price, (B) deliver to each Purchaser
this Agreement and the Certificate, each of which shall be duly authorized and executed by the Company and (C) deliver to each Purchaser a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, dated as of the Effective Date,
certifying (1) that the Company is in good standing in the state of Delaware, (2) that the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, in each case as filed
with the SEC as attachments to the Companys Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2024, and the Certificate are in full force and effect and have not been amended, supplemented, revoked or repealed and (3) that, in accordance with the organizational
documents of the Company, the Company has obtained all proper corporate authorization necessary to the execution, delivery and consummation of this Agreement.

6

(ii) Each Purchaser will (A) cause a wire transfer to be made in same day funds to an account of the Company designated in writing by the Company to such Purchaser in an amount equal to the applicable Purchase Price, and (B) deliver a counterpart to this Agreement, duly executed by such Purchaser.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 3.01. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As of the date hereof (or, if any such representations and warranties expressly
relate to an earlier date, then as of such earlier date), the Company represents and warrants to each Purchaser as follows:

(a)Existence and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Capitalization. Immediately prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the authorized capital stock of the
Company will consist of (i) 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock of which 47,101,300 shares were issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2025, and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.0001
per share (Preferred Stock), (A) 3,000,000 shares of which are designated as Series B Preferred Stock and 1,097,000 shares of which are issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2025 and (B) 5,000,000 shares of are designated as Series
C Preferred Stock and none of which are issued and outstanding. Other than as disclosed here and in the Company Reports, there are no material (1) outstanding warrants, options, agreements, convertible securities, performance units or other
commitments or instruments pursuant to which the Company is or may become obligated to issue or sell any securities, including Common Stock, (2) outstanding obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire outstanding
Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for the foregoing, (3) bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right
to vote) on any matters on which the holders of Common Stock may vote, are issued or outstanding, (4) preemptive or similar rights to purchase or otherwise acquire the Common Stock, or (5) any right of first refusal, right of first offer,
proxy, voting trust, voting agreement or similar arrangement with respect to the sale or voting of the Common Stock.

7

(c)Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement, the Certificate, and the issuance and sale of the Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors) and the
Board of Directors has (i) duly reserved the requisite number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Certificate and (ii) duly authorized and confirmed the final form of the
Certificate attached hereto as Exhibit A. No other action on the part of the Company or its stockholders is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the Certificate and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each Purchaser and is duly executed and delivered by each other party hereto,
this Agreement is a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the limitation of such enforcement by (A) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
receivership, conservatorship, arrangement, moratorium or other laws affecting or relating to creditors rights generally or (B) the rules governing the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law (the Enforceability Exceptions).

(d)No General Solicitation; No Integration; No Resales. 

None of the Company nor its Subsidiaries has directly, or through any Person or any entity acting on its or their behalf, (i) sold, delivered, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as
defined in the Securities Act) that is or could be integrated with the sale and delivery of the Series C Preferred Stock in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the Series C Preferred Stock or (ii) engaged in
any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D of the Securities Act or within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of the Securities Act) in connection with the offering of the Series C Preferred Stock
or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

(e)Valid Issuance. When issued, all Series C
Preferred Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of pre-emptive or similar rights. The Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock has been duly reserved for issuance, and upon issuance in
accordance with the terms of the Certificate, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of pre-emptive or similar rights, liens or encumbrances created by or imposed by a Purchaser. Assuming the accuracy of the
representations and warranties of each Purchaser set forth herein, the Series C Preferred Stock and Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

8

(f)Non-Contravention/No Consents. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Certificate in accordance with
their terms, does not conflict with, violate or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default under, or result in the termination of or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or
acceleration under, (i) the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (ii) any mortgage, note, indenture, deed of trust, lease, loan agreement or other agreement binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) any
permit, license, judgment, order, decree, ruling, injunction, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than in the cases of clause (ii) and this clause (iii) as
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Assuming the accuracy of the representations of each Purchaser set forth herein, no consent, approval, order
or authorization of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the Closing except for (x)(1) the filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, (2) filings with the SEC under the Securities Act and Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder and (3) compliance with and filings pursuant to any applicable state securities or
blue sky laws, in which case of clause (2) and this clause (3) shall have been made or will be made in a timely manner or (y) any consent, approval, order, authorization, registration, qualification, designation, declaration,
filing, exemption or review the failure of which to be obtained or made, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)Reports; Financial Statements.

(i) As of their respective dates, all forms, reports, registration statements, prospectuses and other documents (the Company Reports) filed by the Company
and available on EDGAR complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none of the Company Reports, when filed, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(ii) Except as otherwise described in the Company Reports, the financial statements of the Company included in the Company Reports comply in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company, as applicable, as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments.

(iii) A copy of each Company Report is available to each Purchaser via the SECs EDGAR system. The Company has timely filed each report, statement, schedule,
prospectus, and registration statement that the Company was required to file with the SEC.

(h)Absence of Certain Changes. Except as described in Company Reports, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) no events, changes or developments have occurred that, individually or in the aggregate, have had or
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

9

(i)No Undisclosed
Liabilities, etc. As of the date hereof, there are no liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would be required by GAAP to be reflected on the face of the balance sheet, except (i) liabilities reflected or reserved
against in the financial statements contained in the Company Reports, (ii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business (except as described in Company Reports) and (iii) liabilities that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)Compliance with Applicable Law. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has complied in all respects with, and has not received any written notices of any material violation with respect to, and is not in default or violation in any respect of, any law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy or
guideline of any federal, state or local governmental authority applicable to the Company or such Subsidiary, in each case, other than such non-compliance, defaults or violations that, individually or in the aggregate, (i) have not had and
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) are contained in the Company Reports.

(k)Legal Proceedings. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Company Reports,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing, claims, actions, suits, proceedings, arbitration, charges or, to the knowledge of the
Company, investigations against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any
order, judgment or decree of a Governmental Entity that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)Insurance. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries maintains insurance policies concerning such casualties as would be reasonable and customary for companies like the Company and its Subsidiaries, with extended coverage, sufficient in amount (subject to reasonable deductions) to
allow it to replace any of its properties that might be damaged or destroyed.

(m)Taxes and Tax Returns. There are no income or other material Taxes due and payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that
have not been timely paid and no material withholding Taxes required to be withheld by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that have not been withheld and timely paid over to the appropriate governmental agency. There have been no
examinations or audits with respect to any Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, by any applicable federal, state, county, local or foreign governmental agency, and the Company has not
received written notice of an intent to commence any such examination or audit that remains outstanding. The Company and its Subsidiaries have duly and timely filed all income or other material Tax Returns required to have been filed by them,
and there are in effect no waivers of applicable statutes of limitations with respect to Taxes for any year.

10

(n)Listing and Maintenance Requirements. As of the date hereof, the Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act and listed on the Listing Exchange, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which, to the knowledge of the Company, is reasonably likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the
Exchange Act or the Listing Exchange, nor has the Company received as of the date of this Agreement any notification that the SEC or the Listing Exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

Section 3.02. Representations

and Warranties of Each Purchaser. As of the date hereof (or, if any such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, then as of such earlier date), each Purchaser severally
(and not jointly) represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) Existence; Qualification; Authorization. Such Purchaser has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing (or its equivalent) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has all requisite corporate, partnership or limited
liability company, as applicable, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the execution of this Agreement and the
consummation by such Purchaser of the Closing have been duly and validly authorized by such Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Purchaser to the extent it is a party thereto and, assuming due execution and
delivery by the Company, once executed constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

(b) Purchase Entirely for Own Account. This Agreement is made with the Purchaser in reliance upon the Purchasers
representation to the Company, which by the Purchasers execution of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby confirms, that the Series C Preferred Stock to be acquired by the Purchaser will be acquired for investment for the Purchasers own
account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. By
executing this Agreement, the Purchaser further represents that the Purchaser does not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any Person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such Person or to any third
Person, with respect to any of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The Purchaser has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Series C Preferred Stock.

(c) Disclosure of Information. The Purchaser has had an opportunity to discuss the Companys business, management, financial affairs and the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Series C Preferred Stock with the Companys management and has had an opportunity to review the Companys facilities. The foregoing, however, does not limit or modify the representations and warranties of the Company in Section

3.01 of this Agreement or the right of the Purchasers to rely thereon.

11

(d) Restricted Securities. The Purchaser understands that the Series C Preferred Stock has not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, by reason of a
specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Purchasers representations as expressed herein. The
Purchaser understands that the Series C Preferred Stock are restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, the Purchaser must hold the shares of Series C Preferred Stock
indefinitely (or until converted in accordance with the terms of the Certificate) unless they are registered with the SEC and qualified by state authorities. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has no obligation to register or qualify
the Series C Preferred Stock for resale, subject to the requirements of Article 4. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Common Stock is publicly traded and Purchaser understands that this offering is not intended to be a public
offering, and that the Purchaser will not be able to rely on the protection of Section 11 of the Securities Act.

(e) No Public Market. The Purchaser understands that no public market now exists for the Series C Preferred Stock, and that the Company has made no assurances that a public
market will ever exist for the Series C Preferred Stock.

(f) Legends. The Purchaser understands that the Series C Preferred Stock may be notated with a legend substantially similar to the following or otherwise required by the
securities laws of any state, to the extent such laws are applicable to the shares of Series C Preferred Stock represented by the certificate, instrument, or book entry so legended:

THE SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND
NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.

(g) Accredited Investor. The Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and has delivered to the
Company a completed copy of the accredited investor questionnaire provided by the Company to the Purchaser in connection with such Purchasers execution of this Agreement.

(h) Foreign Investors. If the Purchaser is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), the Purchaser hereby represents that it has satisfied itself
as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Series C Preferred Stock or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the
purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (iv) the income tax and other Tax consequences, if any,
that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Series C Preferred Stock. The Purchasers subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Series C Preferred Stock will not violate any
applicable securities or other laws of the Purchasers jurisdiction.

(i) Sanctions. Neither the Purchaser, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, stockholders or partners, is a Sanctioned Party.

12

(j) No General Solicitation. Neither the Purchaser, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, stockholders or partners has either directly or indirectly, including,
through a broker or finder (i) engaged in any general solicitation (as such term is used in Regulation D of the Securities Act or within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of the Securities Act), or (ii) published any advertisement in connection with
the offer and sale of the Series C Preferred Stock.

(k) Exculpation Among Purchasers. The Purchaser acknowledges that it is not relying upon any Person in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company.

(l) Residence. If the Purchaser is an individual, then the Purchaser resides in the state or province identified in the address of the Purchaser set forth on the Purchasers
signature page or Schedule I; if the Purchaser is a partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, then the office or offices of the Purchaser in which it has its principal place of business is identified in the
address or addresses of the Purchaser set forth on the Purchasers signature page or Schedule I.

ARTICLE IV

REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

Section 4.01. Company Registration. Within 120 calendar days after the Effective Date, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement (the Registration Statement) covering the resale of all shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding,
including the shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued in connection with a dividend declared by the Company (Converted Shares). The Company shall promptly notify the Purchasers via email of the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement on the same Business Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the SEC.

Section 4.02. Obligations of the Company. When the registration of the Converted Shares pursuant to Section 4.01 is complete, the Company shall,
as expeditiously as reasonably possible:

(a) subject to compliance with applicable SEC rules, use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective until
the earlier of (i) the date on which all Converted Shares have been sold thereunder, (ii) the date on which all Converted Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public
information (including pursuant to Rule 144(i)(2)), as reasonably determined by the counsel to the Company, or (iii) the date which is the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement;

(b) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement, and the prospectus used in connection with the Registration Statement, as may be necessary
to comply with the Securities Act in order to enable the disposition of all Converted Shares covered by the Registration Statement;

13

(c) furnish to the selling Purchasers such numbers of copies of a prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, as required by the Securities Act, and such other documents as the
Purchasers may reasonably request in order to facilitate their disposition of their Converted Shares;

(d) use its commercially reasonable efforts to register and qualify the Converted Shares covered by the Registration Statement under such other securities or blue-sky laws of such
jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the selling Purchasers; provided, that the Company shall not be required to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in
any such states or jurisdictions, unless the Company is already subject to service in such jurisdiction and except as may be required by the Securities Act;

(e) use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such Converted Shares covered by the Registration Statement to be listed on a national securities exchange or trading system and
each securities exchange and trading system (if any) on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

(f) provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Converted Shares registered pursuant to the Registration Statement and provide a CUSIP number for all such Converted Shares, in each case
not later than the effective date of such registration;

(g) enter into such agreements and take such other actions in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Converted Shares; and

(h) after the Registration Statement becomes effective, notify each selling Purchaser of any request by the SEC that the Company amend or supplement the Registration Statement or
prospectus.

Section 4.03. Furnish Information. It shall be a condition
precedent to the obligations of the Company to take any action pursuant to this Article 4 with respect to the Converted Shares of any selling Purchaser that such Purchaser shall furnish to the
Company such information regarding itself, the Converted Shares held by it, and the intended method of disposition of such securities as is reasonably required to effect the registration of such Purchasers Converted Shares.

Section 4.04. Expenses of Registration. All expenses (other than Selling Expenses) incurred in connection with registrations, filings, or qualifications
pursuant to Article 4, including all registration, filing, listing, printers and accounting fees, shall be borne and paid by the Company. All Selling Expenses relating to Converted Shares
registered pursuant to this Article 4 shall be borne and paid by the Purchasers pro rata on the basis of the number of Converted Shares registered on their behalf.

14

Section 4.05. Indemnification.

(a) In connection with any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Article 4 in which the Purchaser has registered
Converted Shares for sale, the Purchaser will, and hereby agrees to, indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law (i) the Company and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and each other person, if
any, who controls the Company and (ii) each other seller and such other sellers directors, officers, managers, agents and affiliates (each, an Investor Indemnitee), in each case against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities
(including actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof, whether or not such indemnified party is a party thereto), joint or several, and expenses, including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of
legal counsel and reasonable costs of investigation, in each case to which such Investor Indemnitee may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise (collectively, a Loss or Losses)
to the extent such Losses arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any registration statement (including the prospectus included within) or any omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in the light of circumstances in which they were made not misleading, if such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or
alleged omission was made by the Company in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf of the Purchaser or other seller of Converted Shares stating that it is for use therein; provided, however, that the liability of such indemnifying party under this Article 4 will be limited to the amount
of the net proceeds (after giving effect to underwriting discounts and commissions) received by such indemnifying party in the sale of Converted Shares giving rise to such liability; and, provided, further, however, that no Purchaser shall be required to indemnify an Investor Indemnitee to the extent such Losses arise out of, relate to, or are incurred in
connection with an Investor Indemnitees gross negligence or willful misconduct. The foregoing indemnity will remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Investor Indemnitee and will survive the
transfer of such securities by such indemnifying party.

(b) Notice of Loss. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of written notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding involving a Loss referred to in this Article 4, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party, give written notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement of such action;
but the failure of any indemnified party to give notice as provided herein will not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Article 4 except to the extent that the
indemnifying party is materially and actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice. In case any such action is brought against an indemnified party, (i) the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, unless in the
indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest exists between the indemnified and indemnifying parties in respect of such Loss, to assume and control the defense thereof, at its own expense, jointly with any other indemnifying
party similarly notified, to the extent that it may wish, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and (ii) after its assumption of the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party
for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the latter in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation, unless in the indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such
indemnified and indemnifying parties arises in respect of such claim after the assumption of the defense thereof. No indemnifying party will be liable for any settlement of any such action or proceeding effected without the indemnifying
partys written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. No indemnifying party will, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to the indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect of such Loss or which requires action on the part of the indemnified party or otherwise subjects the
indemnified party to any obligation or restriction to which it would not otherwise be subject.

15

(c) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Article 4 is for any reason be unavailable in respect of any Loss,
then, in lieu of the amount paid or payable under this Article 4, the indemnified party and the indemnifying party under this Article 4 will
contribute to the aggregate Losses (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating the same) (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and the prospective
sellers of Converted Shares covered by the registration statement that resulted in such Loss with respect to the statements, omissions or action that resulted in such Loss, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations or (ii) if the
allocation provided by the preceding clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and such prospective sellers, on the
other hand, from their sale of Converted Shares; provided that, for purposes of this clause (ii), the relative benefits received by the prospective sellers will be deemed not to exceed the
amount received by such sellers. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 10(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. No person will be obligated to contribute amounts under this Section 4.05(c) in payment for any settlement of any Loss effected without such persons consent, not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 5.01. Taking of Necessary Action. 

Each of the parties hereto agrees to use its reasonable efforts promptly to take or cause to be taken all action and promptly to do or cause to be done all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to
consummate and make effective the sale and purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock subject to the terms and conditions hereof and compliance with applicable law. In case at any time before or after the Effective Date any further action is
necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of the sale and purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock, the proper officers, managers and directors of each party to this Agreement shall take all such action as may be reasonably requested by
the Company and such actions as the parties shall mutually agree shall be necessary.

Section 5.02. Corporate Actions.

(a) At any time that the Series C Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the Company shall from time to time take all lawful action necessary to cause the authorized capital stock of the
Company to include a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to satisfy the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate.

(b) Prior to the Closing, the Company shall file the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

16

Section 5.03. Tax Treatment. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is intended that for
U.S. federal income Tax purposes any amount in respect of the Series C Preferred Stock on account of the accrual of dividends shall not be treated as a dividend, unless and until such dividends are declared and paid in cash and the Company
shall take no position inconsistent with such treatment unless otherwise determined by the Purchasers, on any Tax Return, in any Tax proceeding or otherwise except to the extent otherwise required by a determination (as defined in Section
1313(a) of the Code). In the event that any dividend is paid in cash or a determination (as defined in Section 1313(a) of the Code) requires the accrual of dividends to be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, the
Company shall provide each Purchaser with a reasonable opportunity to provide additional information or to apply for an exemption from, or a reduced rate of, any applicable withholding Tax. In the event that the Company receives notice in
writing or otherwise in the context of a pending or threatened Tax proceeding from any Governmental Entity that the Tax treatment described in this Section 5.03 is or will be challenged by any Governmental Entity or otherwise raised as
an issue by any Governmental Entity in connection with any Tax proceeding, (a) the Company shall promptly provide written notice thereof to the Purchasers and (b) the parties hereto shall reasonably cooperate in good faith to defend against any
such challenge or claim.

Section 5.04. Section 4501 Tax. For the absence of doubt, any Tax imposed pursuant to Section 4501 of the Code, which Tax relates to the Series C
Preferred Stock or any transaction relating thereto, shall be the sole responsibility and liability of the Company.

ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 6.01. Survival of Representations and Warranties and
Registration Rights. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, (a) the representations and warranties of the Company and the Purchasers contained in or made pursuant to this
Agreement and (b) the registration rights provided in Article 4 shall survive the Closing; provided
survival of clause (a) shall in no way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of the subject matter thereof made by or on behalf of the Purchasers or the Company.

Section 6.02. Notices.

(a) Notice Process. All notices and other communications given
or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing (including electronic mail as permitted in this Agreement) and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of actual receipt, or (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified,
(ii) when sent, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, (iii) five days after having been sent by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt.

17

(b) Notice Addresses. All communications shall be sent to the respective parties hereto at their email address or address as set forth on the signature page or Schedule I
along with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to any cc address noted on Schedule I for such party, or to such e-mail address or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 6.02.

(c) Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Purchaser consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice by electronic mail pursuant to Section 232 of the Delaware General Corporate
Law (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page or Schedule I, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other
parties of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing.

Section 6.03. Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries;
Amendment. This Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto), together with the Certificate, sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to this transaction and is not
intended and shall not confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto, their successors and permitted assigns any rights or remedies hereunder. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part at any time
solely by an agreement in writing among the Company and the holders of at least 51% of the then-outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Such amendment or modification shall be executed in the same manner as this Agreement. No failure
on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise by any party of any right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right.

Section 6.04. Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute any original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile
transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document will have the same effect as physical delivery of
the paper document bearing the original signature.

Section 6.05. Expenses. Each party hereto shall bear its own costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with this Agreement and this
transaction. Each party represents that it neither is nor will be obligated for any finders fee or commission in connection with this transaction. Each Purchaser agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability for any
commission or compensation in the nature of a finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which each Purchaser or any of its officers,
employees or representatives is responsible or may become responsible.

Section 6.06. Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
respective successors and assigns of the parties. No party to this Agreement may assign its rights or obligations absent the prior written consent of the other parties except a complete assignment by Purchaser to a controlled Affiliate. 
Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

18

Section 6.07. Governing Law;
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. In addition, each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement and the
rights and obligations arising hereunder, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising hereunder brought by the other party hereto or its successors or assigns, shall be
brought and determined exclusively in the state or federal courts of/located in the State and City of New York and any appellate court therefrom. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any such action or
proceeding for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than the aforesaid courts. Each of the Purchasers hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect to this
Agreement, (i) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason other than the failure to serve in accordance with this Section
6.07(a), (ii) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from the jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in
aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (iii) to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, any claim that (A) the suit, action or proceeding in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (B) the
venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or (C) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each of the parties hereby agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by
U.S. registered mail to the respective addresses set forth in Section 6.03 shall be effective service of process for any suit or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 6.07.

Section 6.08. Severability. The
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

Section 6.09. Headings. The headings of Articles and Sections contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this Agreement.

19

Section

6.10. Non-Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may only be brought against the
entities that are expressly named as parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any Person that executes and delivers a joinder). Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, no past, present or future
director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partners, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney or representative of any party hereto shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities of any party hereto under this Agreement or
for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby. All obligations of Purchasers hereunder shall be several obligations of such Purchaser and, for the avoidance of
doubt, not joint or joint and several obligations.

Section 6.11. Section 4501 Tax. For the absence of doubt, any Tax imposed pursuant to Section 4501 of the Code,
which Tax relates to the Series C Preferred Stock or any transaction relating thereto, shall be the sole responsibility and liability of the Company.

ARTICLE VII

CONVERSION LIMITATIONS

Section 7.01. Conversion Limitations.

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, including in the Certificate, the Company shall not issue to the Purchaser any shares of Common Stock to the extent such shares after
giving effect to a conversion would:

(i) result in the Purchaser (together with the Purchasers affiliates) (A) beneficially owning in excess of 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to such issuance (the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount) or (B) controlling in excess of 19.99% of the total voting power of the Companys securities outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such issuance that are entitled to vote on a matter being voted on by holders of the Common Stock (the Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount), unless and until the Company obtains the approval by the Companys stockholders (whether
approved through a special meeting of the Companys stockholders or otherwise) in accordance with the stockholder approval requirements of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635 (or any equivalent rule or
requirement of the applicable exchange or automated quotation system on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted) (the Requisite Stockholder Approval); and

(ii) result in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued exceeding 19.99% of the outstanding Common Stock as of the date immediately preceding the
Effective Date (the Issuance Cap), unless and until the Company obtains the Requisite Stockholder Approval.

(b) For purposes of this Article VII, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

20

(c) For purposes of this Article VII, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, Purchaser may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as
reflected in (i) the Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be, filed with the SEC, (ii) a more recent public announcement by
the Company, or (iii) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Purchaser, the Company shall within two Business Days
confirm orally and in writing to such Purchaser the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

(d) If on any attempted conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, the issuance of the shares of Common Stock would exceed the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount, the Maximum Aggregate
Voting Amount or the Issuance Cap, and the Company shall not have previously obtained Requisite Stockholder Approval at the time of conversion, then the Company shall (i) issue to the Purchaser requesting conversion such number of shares of
Common Stock as may be issued below the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount, Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount, or the Issuance Cap, as the case may be and (ii) use reasonable best efforts to seek, as soon as practicable, the Requisite Stockholder
Approval. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the remainder of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock not then issued, the Series C Preferred Stock shall not be convertible until and unless the Requisite Stockholder Approval
has been obtained.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties hereto or by their respective duly authorized officers, all as of the date first above written.

COMPANY

INNVENTURE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Gregory W. Haskell

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Address: 

6900 Tavistock Lakes Boulevard, Suite 400

Orlando, FL 32827

[Signature Page to Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (Series C)]

PURCHASER

[INSERT PURCHASER NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Email: 

[Signature Page to Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (Series C)]

SCHEDULE I

PURCHASERS

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20045914_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and among

INNVENTURE, INC.

and

THE PURCHASERS LISTED ON SCHEDULE I HERETO

Dated as of March [], 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01. 

Definitions 

3

Section 1.02. 

General Interpretive Principles 

6

ARTICLE II 

SALE AND PURCHASE OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK 

Section 2.01. 

Sale and Purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock 

6

Section 2.02. 

Closing 

6

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 3.01. 

Representations and Warranties of the Company 

7

Section 3.02. 

Representations and Warranties of Each Purchaser 

11

ARTICLE IV 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

Section 4.01. 

Company Registration 

17

Section 4.02. 

Obligations of the Company 

17

Section 4.03. 

Furnish Information 

18

Section 4.04. 

Expenses of Registration 

18

Section 4.05. 

Indemnification. 

18

ARTICLE V 

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 

Section 5.01. 

Taking of Necessary Action 

20

Section 5.02. 

Corporate Actions 

20

Section 5.03. 

Tax Treatment 

20

Section 5.04. 

Section 4501 Tax 

20

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.01. 

Survival of Representations and Warranties and Registration Rights 

21

Section 6.02. 

Notices 

21

Section 6.03. 

Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries; Amendment 

21

Section 6.04. 

Counterparts 

22

Section 6.05. 

Expenses 

22

Section 6.06. 

Successors and Assigns 

22

Section 6.07. 

Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 

22

Section 6.08. 

Severability 

23

Section 6.09. 

Headings 

23

Section 6.10. 

Non-Recourse 

23

Section 6.11. 

Section 4501 Tax 

23

ARTICLE VII 

CONVERSION LIMITATIONS 

Section 7.01. 

Conversion Limitations. 

23

SCHEDULE I PURCHASERS

EXHIBIT A FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

2

PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March [], 2025 (the Effective Date), is by and among Innventure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),

and the several Purchasers listed from time to time on Schedule I attached hereto (each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers). 

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined where used shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Article I.

WHEREAS, at the Closing, the Purchasers desire to purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to such
Purchasers, an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 shares of the Companys Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock), at a purchase price of $10.00 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Price), having the terms
and conditions specified in the form of Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Certificate) to be issued on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Company and each Purchaser desire to set forth certain agreements herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. As used in
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, with respect to each Purchaser, the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries shall not be considered Affiliates of such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates.

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Board of Directors shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c).

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are not option for the transaction of normal banking
business.

Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.

change shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Material Adverse Effect.

3

Closing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(a).

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock means any shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, of the Company that are listed and traded on the Listing Exchange under the name and ticker INV.

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Company Reports shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(g)(i).

control means possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other
ownership interests, by contract or otherwise) and shall include its correlative meanings, controlled by and under common control with.

Converted Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Enforceability Exceptions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c).

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Governmental Entity means any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, whether federal, state, local or foreign, and any applicable
industry self-regulatory organization.

Investor Indemnitee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05(a).

Issuance Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(ii).

Listing Exchange means the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq).

Loss or Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.05(a).

Material Adverse Effect means any change, effect, condition, event, circumstance, occurrence or development (each a change, and collectively, changes) that,
individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities or financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or (b) the ability of the Company to consummate the Closing or to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(i).

4

Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(i).

Non-U.S. person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(m)(iv).

Person means an individual, corporation, limited liability or unlimited liability company, association, partnership, trust, estate, joint venture, business trust or unincorporated
organization, or a government or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or other entity of any kind or nature.

Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b).

Purchase Price means, with respect to each Purchaser, the purchase price listed opposite such Purchasers name on Schedule I hereto.

Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

Registration Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

Requisite Stockholder Approval shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01(a)(i).

Restricted Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(m)(ii)(D).

Sanctioned Party means any entity 50% or more owned or, where relevant under applicable sanctions laws, controlled, individually or in the aggregate, by one or more party designated on a
sanctioned parties list administered by the U.S., in each case only to the extent that dealings with such persons are prohibited pursuant to applicable laws and regulations pertaining to trade and economic sanctions administered by the U.S.

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts, selling commissions, and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of registrable securities, and fees
and disbursements of counsel for any Purchaser.

Series C Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.

Series C Preferred Stock Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof.

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which 50% or more of the shares of the voting securities or other voting interests are owned or controlled, or the
ability to select or elect 50% or more of the directors or similar managers is held, directly or indirectly, by such first Person or one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such first Person, or by such first Person and one or more of its
Subsidiaries.

5

Tax or Taxes means all federal, state, local, and foreign income, excise, gross receipts, gross income, ad valorem, profits, gains, property, capital, sales, transfer, use,
payroll, employment, severance, withholding, duties, intangibles, franchise, backup withholding, value-added, and other taxes imposed by a Governmental Entity, together with all interest, penalties and additions to tax imposed with respect
thereto.

Tax Return means a report, return or other document (including any amendments thereto) required to be supplied to a Governmental Entity with respect to Taxes.

United States shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(m)(iii).

U.S. person shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(m)(iii).

Section 1.02. General Interpretive Principles. Whenever used in this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, any noun or pronoun shall be deemed to
include the plural as well as the singular and to cover all genders. Any of the terms defined herein may, unless the context otherwise requires, be used in the singular or the plural, depending on the reference. The name assigned to this
Agreement and the headings used herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or effect hereof. Whenever the words include, includes, or including, are used in this Agreement,
they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. Unless otherwise specified, the terms hereto, hereof, herein and similar terms refer to this Agreement as a whole (including the exhibits, schedules and disclosure
statements hereto), and references herein to Articles or Sections refer to Articles or Sections of this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

SALE AND PURCHASE OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK

Section 2.01. Sale and Purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock. On the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing,
each Purchaser shall purchase and acquire from the Company, and the Company shall issue, sell and deliver to each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, the applicable number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock listed opposite such Purchasers
name on Schedule I hereto (as such schedule can be amended or supplemented pursuant to Section 6.03).

Section 2.02. Closing.

(a) On the terms of this Agreement, the closing of the purchase and sale of
Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Agreement will take place simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement on the Effective Date (the Closing).

6

(b) At the Closing:

(i) The Company will (A) issue and deliver to each Purchaser the Series C Preferred Stock purchased by it, registered in the name of each applicable Purchaser, in each case free and clear of all liens, except restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act, any other applicable securities laws or any other agreement by and among the Company
and any of the Purchasers (the terms of which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall only apply to those Purchasers who are party thereto), and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to record, and the transfer agent shall record, the issuance
of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to each applicable Purchaser on the transfer agents books and records, against payment in full by or on behalf of such Purchaser of the applicable Purchase Price, (B) deliver to each Purchaser this
Agreement and the Certificate, each of which shall be duly authorized and executed by the Company and (C) deliver to each Purchaser a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, dated as of the Effective Date,
certifying (1) that the Company is in good standing in the state of Delaware, (2) that the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, in each case as filed with
the SEC as attachments to the Companys Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2024, and the Certificate are in full force and effect and have not been amended, supplemented, revoked or repealed and (3) that, in accordance with the organizational
documents of the Company, the Company has obtained all proper corporate authorization necessary to the execution, delivery and consummation of this Agreement.

(ii) Each Purchaser will (A) cause a wire transfer to be made in same day funds
to an account of the Company designated in writing by the Company to such Purchaser in an amount equal to the applicable Purchase Price, and (B) deliver a counterpart to this Agreement, duly executed by such
Purchaser.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 3.01. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As of the date hereof (or, if any such representations and warranties expressly relate
to an earlier date, then as of such earlier date), the Company represents and warrants to each Purchaser as follows:

(a)Existence and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Capitalization. Immediately prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the authorized capital stock of the
Company will consist of (i) 250,000,000 shares of Common Stock of which 47,101,300 shares were issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2025, and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock),

(A) 3,000,000 shares of which are designated as Series B Preferred Stock and 1,097,000 shares of which are issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2025 and (B) 5,000,000 shares of are designated as Series C Preferred Stock and none of which
are issued and outstanding. Other than as disclosed here and in the Company Reports, there are no material (1) outstanding warrants, options, agreements, convertible securities, performance units or other commitments or instruments pursuant to
which the Company is or may become obligated to issue or sell any securities, including Common Stock, (2) outstanding obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire outstanding Common Stock or any securities convertible
into or exchangeable for the foregoing, (3) bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which the holders
of Common Stock may vote, are issued or outstanding, (4) preemptive or similar rights to purchase or otherwise acquire the Common Stock, or (5) any right of first refusal, right of first offer, proxy, voting trust, voting agreement or similar
arrangement with respect to the sale or voting of the Common Stock.

7

(c)Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Certificate, and the issuance and sale of the Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Agreement have been
duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors) and the Board of Directors has (i) duly reserved the requisite number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be issued in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Certificate and (ii) duly authorized and confirmed the final form of the Certificate attached hereto as Exhibit A. No other action on the part of the Company or its stockholders is necessary to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the Certificate and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each

Purchaser and is duly executed and delivered by each other party hereto, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the limitation of such
enforcement by (A) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, conservatorship, arrangement, moratorium or other laws affecting or relating to creditors rights generally or (B) the rules governing the availability of
specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law (the Enforceability Exceptions).

(d)No General Solicitation; No Integration; No Resales. 

None of the Company nor its Subsidiaries has directly, or through any Person or any entity acting on its or their behalf, (i) sold, delivered, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as
defined in the Securities Act) that is or could be integrated with the sale and delivery of the Series C Preferred Stock in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the Series C Preferred Stock, (ii) engaged in any
form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D of the Securities Act or within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of the Securities Act) in connection with the offering of the Series C Preferred Stock or in
any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or (iii) engaged in any form of directed selling efforts (as such term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act).

(e)Valid Issuance. When issued, all Series C
Preferred Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of pre-emptive or similar rights. The Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock has been duly reserved for issuance, and upon issuance in
accordance with the terms of the Certificate, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of pre-emptive or similar rights, liens or encumbrances created by or imposed by a Purchaser. Assuming the accuracy of the
representations and warranties of each Purchaser set forth herein, the Series C Preferred Stock and Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

8

(f)Non-Contravention/No Consents. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Certificate in accordance with
their terms, does not conflict with, violate or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default under, or result in the termination of or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration
under, (i) the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (ii) any mortgage, note, indenture, deed of trust, lease, loan agreement or other agreement binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) any permit, license,
judgment, order, decree, ruling, injunction, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than in the cases of clause (ii) and this clause (iii) as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Assuming the accuracy of the representations of each Purchaser set forth herein, no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity is required on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the Closing except for (x)(1) the filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, (2) filings with
the SEC under the Securities Act and Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder and (3) compliance with and filings pursuant to any applicable state securities or blue sky laws, in which case of clause (2)
and this clause (3) shall have been made or will be made in a timely manner or (y) any consent, approval, order, authorization, registration, qualification, designation, declaration, filing, exemption or review the failure of which to be
obtained or made, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)Reports; Financial Statements.

(i) As of their respective dates, all forms, reports, registration statements, prospectuses and other documents (the Company Reports) filed by the Company and
available on EDGAR complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none of the Company Reports, when filed, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(ii) Except as otherwise described in the Company Reports, the financial statements of the Company included in the Company Reports comply in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company, as applicable, as of and for
the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments.

9

(iii) A copy of each Company Report is available to each Purchaser via the SECs EDGAR system. The Company has timely filed each report, statement, schedule,
prospectus, and registration statement that the Company was required to file with the SEC.

(h)Absence of Certain Changes. Except as described in Company Reports, (i) the
Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) no events, changes or developments have occurred that, individually or in the aggregate, have had or
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

(i)No Undisclosed
Liabilities, etc. As of the date hereof, there are no liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would be required by GAAP to be reflected on the face of the balance sheet, except (i) liabilities reflected or reserved
against in the financial statements contained in the Company Reports, (ii) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business (except as described in Company Reports) and (iii) liabilities that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)Compliance with Applicable Law. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has
complied in all respects with, and has not received any written notices of any material violation with respect to, and is not in default or violation in any respect of, any law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy or guideline of any
federal, state or local governmental authority applicable to the Company or such Subsidiary, in each case, other than such non-compliance, defaults or violations that, individually or in the aggregate, (i) have not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) are contained in the Company Reports.

(k)Legal Proceedings. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Company Reports,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing, claims, actions, suits, proceedings, arbitration, charges or, to the knowledge of the Company,
investigations against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any order,
judgment or decree of a Governmental Entity that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)Insurance. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries maintains insurance policies concerning such casualties as would be reasonable and customary for companies like the Company and its Subsidiaries, with extended coverage, sufficient in amount (subject to reasonable deductions) to
allow it to replace any of its properties that might be damaged or destroyed.

(m)Taxes and Tax Returns. There are no income or other material Taxes due and payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that
have not been timely paid and no material withholding Taxes required to be withheld by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that have not been withheld and timely paid over to the appropriate governmental agency. There have been no
examinations or audits with respect to any Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, by any applicable federal, state, county, local or foreign governmental agency, and the Company has not
received written notice of an intent to commence any such examination or audit that remains outstanding. The Company and its Subsidiaries have duly and timely filed all income or other material Tax Returns required to have been filed by them,
and there are in effect no waivers of applicable statutes of limitations with respect to Taxes for any year.

10

(n)Listing and Maintenance Requirements. As of the date hereof, the Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act and listed on the Listing Exchange, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which, to the knowledge of the Company, is reasonably likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the
Exchange Act or the Listing Exchange, nor has the Company received as of the date of this Agreement any notification that the SEC or the Listing Exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

(o)Regulation S. The Company and its agents shall refuse to
register any transfer of the Series C Preferred Stock or any Converted Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from registration.

Section 3.02. Representations

and Warranties of Each Purchaser. As of the date hereof (or, if any such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, then as of such earlier date), each Purchaser severally (and
not jointly) represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) Existence; Qualification; Authorization. If applicable, such Purchaser has been duly organized or incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing (or its equivalent) under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or incorporation and has all
requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the
execution of this Agreement and the consummation by such Purchaser of the Closing have been duly and validly authorized by such Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Purchaser to the extent it is a party thereto
and, assuming due execution and delivery by the Company, once executed constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability
Exceptions.

(b) Purchase Entirely for Own Account. This Agreement is made with the Purchaser in reliance upon the Purchasers
representation to the Company, which by the Purchasers execution of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby confirms, that the Series C Preferred Stock to be acquired by the Purchaser will be acquired for investment for the Purchasers own account,
not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. By executing this
Agreement, the Purchaser further represents that the Purchaser does not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any Person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such Person or to any third Person, with
respect to any of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The Purchaser has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Series C Preferred Stock.

11

(c) Disclosure of Information. The Purchaser has had an opportunity to discuss the Companys business, management, financial affairs and the terms and conditions of the offering of
the Series C Preferred Stock with the Companys management and has had an opportunity to review the Companys facilities. The foregoing, however, does not limit or modify the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.01
of this Agreement or the right of the Purchasers to rely thereon.

(d) Restricted Securities. The Purchaser understands that the Series C Preferred Stock has not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, by reason of a specific
exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Purchasers representations as expressed herein. The Purchaser
understands that the Series C Preferred Stock are restricted securities under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, the Purchaser must hold the shares of Series C Preferred Stock indefinitely (or
until converted in accordance with the terms of the Certificate) unless they are registered with the SEC and qualified by state authorities. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has no obligation to register or qualify the Series C
Preferred Stock for resale, subject to the requirements of Article IV. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Common Stock is publicly traded and Purchaser understands that this offering is not intended to be a public offering, and that the
Purchaser will not be able to rely on the protection of Section 11 of the Securities Act.

(e) No Public Market. The Purchaser understands that no public market now exists for the Series C Preferred Stock, and that the Company has made no assurances that a public market
will ever exist for the Series C Preferred Stock.

(f) Legends. The Purchaser understands that the Series C Preferred Stock may be notated with a legend substantially similar to the following or otherwise required by the securities
laws of any state, to the extent such laws are applicable to the shares of Series C Preferred Stock represented by the certificate, instrument, or book entry so legended:

THE SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR
IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT
REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.

(g) Reserved.

(h) Foreign Investors. If the Purchaser is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), the Purchaser hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as
to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Series C Preferred Stock or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of
the Series C Preferred Stock, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (iv) the income tax and other Tax consequences, if any, that may be
relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Series C Preferred Stock. The Purchasers subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Series C Preferred Stock will not violate any applicable
securities or other laws of the Purchasers jurisdiction.

12

(i) Sanctions. Neither the Purchaser, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, stockholders or partners, is a Sanctioned Party.

(j) No General Solicitation. Neither the Purchaser, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, stockholders or partners has either directly or indirectly,
including, through a broker or finder (i) engaged in any general solicitation (as such term is used in Regulation D of the Securities Act or within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of the Securities Act), or (ii) published any advertisement in
connection with the offer and sale of the Series C Preferred Stock.

(k) Exculpation Among Purchasers. The Purchaser acknowledges that it is not relying upon any Person in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company.

(l) Residence. If the Purchaser is an individual, then the Purchaser resides in the state or province identified in the address of the Purchaser set forth on the Purchasers
signature page or Schedule I; if the Purchaser is a partnership, corporation, company, limited liability company or other entity, then the office or offices of the Purchaser in which it has its principal place of business is identified in
the address or addresses of the Purchaser set forth on the Purchasers signature page or Schedule I.

(m) Investment Representations, Warranties and Covenants by Non-U.S. Persons. Each Purchaser who is a Non-U.S. person (as defined below) hereby represents and warrants to the Company
as follows:

(i) This Agreement is made by the Company with the Purchaser, who is a Non-U.S. person, in reliance upon such Non-U.S. persons representations, warranties and
covenants made in this Section 3.02(m).

(ii) Such Non-U.S. person has been advised and acknowledges that:

(A) the Series C Preferred Stock has not been, and when issued, neither the Series C Preferred Stock nor the Converted Shares (as defined below) will be registered
under the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state of the United States or the securities laws of any other country;

(B) in issuing and selling the Series C Preferred Stock to such Non-U.S. person pursuant hereto, the Company is relying upon the safe harbor provided by Regulation
S and/or on Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act;

(C) it is a condition to the availability of the Regulation S safe harbor that the Series C Preferred Stock and the Converted Shares not be offered or sold in the
United States or to a U.S. person until the expiration of a six-month distribution compliance period following the Closing; and

13

(D) notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the expiration of the six-month distribution compliance period after the Closing (the Restricted Period), the
Series C Preferred Stock and the Converted Shares may be offered and sold by the holder thereof only if such offer and sale is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and either: (1) if the offer or sale is within the United States or
to or for the account of a U.S. person (as such terms are defined in Regulation S), the securities are offered and sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; or (2) the offer and sale is outside the United States and to other than a U.S. person.

(iii) As used herein, the term United States means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States, and the
District of Columbia, and the term U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) means:

(A) a natural person resident in the United States;

(B) any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States;

(C) any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person;

(D) any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person;

(E) any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

(F) any nondiscretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person;

(G) any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated and (if an individual)
resident in the United States; and

(H) a corporation or partnership organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction and formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of
investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts.

14

(iv) As used herein, the term Non-U.S. person means any person who is not a U.S. person or is deemed not to be a U.S. person under Rule 902(k)(2) of the
Securities Act.

(v) Such Non-U.S. person agrees that with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock and any Converted Shares, until the expiration of the Restricted Period:

(A) such Non-U.S. person, its agents or its representatives have not and will not solicit offers to buy, offer for sale or sell any of the Series C Preferred Stock or
the Converted Shares, or any beneficial interest therein, in the United States or to or for the account of a U.S. person;

(B) notwithstanding the foregoing, the Series C Preferred Stock and the Converted Shares may be offered and sold by the holder thereof only if such offer and sale is
made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and either: (1) if the offer or sale is within the United States or to or for the account of a U.S. person (as such terms are defined in Regulation S), the securities are offered and sold
pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; or (2) the offer and sale is outside the United States and to
other than a U.S. person; and

(C) such Non-U.S. person shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Series C Preferred Stock or the Converted Shares unless in compliance with the
Securities Act.

The foregoing restrictions are binding upon subsequent transferees of the Series C Preferred Stock and any Converted Shares, except for transferees pursuant to an effective registration
statement. Such Non-U.S. person agrees that after the Restricted Period, the Series C Preferred Stock and the Converted Shares may be offered or sold within the United States or to or for the account of a U.S. person only pursuant to applicable
securities laws.

(vi) Such Non-U.S. person has not engaged, nor is it aware that any party has engaged, and such Non-U.S. person will not engage or cause any third party to engage, in
any directed selling efforts (as such term is defined in Regulation S) in the United States with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock or the Converted Shares.

(vii) Such Non-U.S. person: (A) is domiciled and has its principal place of business outside the United States; (B) certifies it is not a U.S. person and is not
acquiring the Series C Preferred Stock for the account or benefit of any U.S. person; and (C) at the time of the Closing, the Non-U.S. person or persons acting on Non-U.S. persons behalf in connection therewith will be located outside the United
States.

15

(viii) At the time of offering to such Non-U.S. person and communication of such Non-U.S. persons order to purchase the Series C Preferred Stock and at the time of
such Non-U.S. Persons execution of this Agreement, the Non-U.S. person or persons acting on the Non-U.S. persons behalf in connection therewith were located outside the United States.

(ix) Such Non-U.S. person is not a distributor (as defined in Regulation S) or a dealer (as defined in the Securities Act).

(x) Such Non-U.S. person acknowledges that the Company shall make a notation in its stock books regarding the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section
3.02(m) and shall transfer such shares on the books of the Company only to the extent consistent therewith.

(xi) In particular, such Non-U.S. person acknowledges that the Company and its agents shall refuse to register any transfer of the Series C Preferred Stock or any
Converted Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from registration.

(xii) Such Investor understands and agrees that the applicable book entry notation for such Non-U.S. person (or the applicable book entry) representing the Series C
Preferred Stock or any Converted Shares, or any other securities issued in respect of the Series C Preferred Stock and the Converted Shares upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or similar event, shall bear
the following legend, as applicable (in addition to any legend required by this Agreement or under applicable state securities laws):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR
HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING
THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND MUST BE REMOVED AS A CONDITION PRECEDENT TO THE SALE, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION OR ANY OTHER TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN ANY OF THE SHARES
SUBJECT TO THIS LEGEND.

16

ARTICLE IV

REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

Section 4.01. Company Registration. Within 120 calendar days after the Effective Date, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare
and file with the SEC a registration statement (the Registration Statement) covering the resale of all shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding, including the
shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued in connection with a dividend declared by the Company (Converted Shares). The Company shall promptly notify the Purchasers via email of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on the
same Business Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the SEC.

Section 4.02. Obligations of the Company. When the registration of the Converted Shares pursuant to Section 4.01 is complete, the Company shall, as
expeditiously as reasonably possible:

(a) subject to compliance with applicable SEC rules, use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective until the
earlier of (i) the date on which all Converted Shares have been sold thereunder, (ii) the date on which all Converted Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information
(including pursuant to Rule 144(i)(2)), as reasonably determined by the counsel to the Company, or (iii) the date which is the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the Registration Statement;

(b) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement, and the prospectus used in connection with the Registration Statement, as may be necessary to
comply with the Securities Act in order to enable the disposition of all Converted Shares covered by the Registration Statement;

(c) furnish to the selling Purchasers such numbers of copies of a prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, as required by the Securities Act, and such other documents as the
Purchasers may reasonably request in order to facilitate their disposition of their Converted Shares;

(d) use its commercially reasonable efforts to register and qualify the Converted Shares covered by the Registration Statement under such other securities or blue-sky laws of such
jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the selling Purchasers; provided, that the Company shall not be required to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process in
any such states or jurisdictions, unless the Company is already subject to service in such jurisdiction and except as may be required by the Securities Act;

(e) use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such Converted Shares covered by the Registration Statement to be listed on a national securities exchange or trading system and each
securities exchange and trading system (if any) on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

(f) provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Converted Shares registered pursuant to the Registration Statement and provide a CUSIP number for all such Converted Shares, in each case
not later than the effective date of such registration;

17

(g) enter into such agreements and take such other actions in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Converted Shares; and

(h) after the Registration Statement becomes effective, notify each selling Purchaser of any request by the SEC that the Company amend or supplement the Registration Statement or prospectus.

Section 4.03. Furnish Information. It shall be a condition precedent
to the obligations of the Company to take any action pursuant to this Article IV with respect to the Converted Shares of any selling Purchaser that such Purchaser shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the
Converted Shares held by it, and the intended method of disposition of such securities as is reasonably required to effect the registration of such Purchasers Converted Shares.

Section 4.04. Expenses of Registration. All expenses (other than Selling Expenses) incurred in connection with registrations, filings, or qualifications
pursuant to Article IV, including all registration, filing, listing, printers and accounting fees, shall be borne and paid by the Company. All Selling Expenses relating to Converted Shares registered pursuant to this Article IV
shall be borne and paid by the Purchasers pro rata on the basis of the number of Converted Shares registered on their behalf.

Section 4.05. Indemnification.

(a) In connection with any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Article IV in which the Purchaser has registered Converted Shares for sale, the Purchaser will, and
hereby agrees to, indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent permitted by law (i) the Company and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and each other person, if any, who controls the Company and (ii) each other
seller and such other sellers directors, officers, managers, agents and affiliates (each, an Investor Indemnitee), in each case against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (including actions or proceedings, whether
commenced or threatened, in respect thereof, whether or not such indemnified party is a party thereto), joint or several, and expenses, including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of legal counsel and reasonable costs of
investigation, in each case to which such Investor Indemnitee may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise (collectively, a Loss or Losses) to the extent such Losses arise out of
or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any registration statement (including the prospectus included within) or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in the light of circumstances in which they were made not misleading, if such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made by the Company in
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by or on behalf of the Purchaser or other seller of Converted Shares stating that it is for use therein; provided, however, that the liability of such
indemnifying party under this Article IV will be limited to the amount of the net proceeds (after giving effect to underwriting discounts and commissions) received by such indemnifying party in the sale of Converted Shares giving rise to
such liability; and, provided, further, however, that no Purchaser shall be required to indemnify an Investor Indemnitee to the extent such Losses arise out of, relate to, or are incurred in connection with an Investor Indemnitees gross
negligence or willful misconduct. The foregoing indemnity will remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Investor Indemnitee and will survive the transfer of such securities by such indemnifying
party.

18

(b) Notice of Loss. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of written notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding involving a Loss referred to in this Article
IV, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party, give written notice to the indemnifying party of the commencement of such action; but the failure of any indemnified party to give
notice as provided herein will not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Article IV except to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially and actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice. In case any
such action is brought against an indemnified party, (i) the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, unless in the indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest exists between the indemnified and indemnifying
parties in respect of such Loss, to assume and control the defense thereof, at its own expense, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to the extent that it may wish, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified
party, and (ii) after its assumption of the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the latter in connection with the defense thereof other than
reasonable costs of investigation, unless in the indemnified partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties arises in respect of such claim after the assumption of the defense thereof. No
indemnifying party will be liable for any settlement of any such action or proceeding effected without the indemnifying partys written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. No indemnifying party will, without the consent of the
indemnified party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to the indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect
of such Loss or which requires action on the part of the indemnified party or otherwise subjects the indemnified party to any obligation or restriction to which it would not otherwise be subject.

(c) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this Article IV is for any reason be unavailable in respect of any Loss, then, in lieu of the amount paid or payable
under this Article IV, the indemnified party and the indemnifying party under this Article IV will contribute to the aggregate Losses (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating the
same) (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company and the prospective sellers of Converted Shares covered by the registration statement that resulted in such Loss with respect to the statements, omissions
or action that resulted in such Loss, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations or (ii) if the allocation provided by the preceding clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the
relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and such prospective sellers, on the other hand, from their sale of Converted Shares; provided that, for purposes of this clause (ii), the relative benefits received by the prospective
sellers will be deemed not to exceed the amount received by such sellers. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 10(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. No person will be obligated to contribute amounts under this Section 4.05(c) in payment for any settlement of any Loss effected without such persons
consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

19

ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 5.01. Taking of Necessary Action. 
Each of the parties hereto agrees to use its reasonable efforts promptly to take or cause to be taken all action and promptly to do or cause to be done all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate
and make effective the sale and purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock subject to the terms and conditions hereof and compliance with applicable law. In case at any time before or after the Effective Date any further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of the sale and purchase of the Series C Preferred Stock, the proper officers, managers and directors of each party to this Agreement shall take all such action as may be reasonably requested by the Company and
such actions as the parties shall mutually agree shall be necessary.

Section 5.02. Corporate Actions.

(a) At any time that the Series C Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the Company shall from time to time take all lawful action necessary to cause the authorized capital stock of the
Company to include a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to satisfy the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate.

(b) Prior to the Closing, the Company shall file the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

Section 5.03. Tax Treatment. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is intended that for
U.S. federal income Tax purposes any amount in respect of the Series C Preferred Stock on account of the accrual of dividends shall not be treated as a dividend, unless and until such dividends are declared and paid in cash and the Company shall
take no position inconsistent with such treatment unless otherwise determined by the Purchasers, on any Tax Return, in any Tax proceeding or otherwise except to the extent otherwise required by a determination (as defined in Section 1313(a) of
the Code). In the event that any dividend is paid in cash or a determination (as defined in Section 1313(a) of the Code) requires the accrual of dividends to be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, the Company shall
provide each Purchaser with a reasonable opportunity to provide additional information or to apply for an exemption from, or a reduced rate of, any applicable withholding Tax. In the event that the Company receives notice in writing or otherwise
in the context of a pending or threatened Tax proceeding from any Governmental Entity that the Tax treatment described in this Section 5.03 is or will be challenged by any Governmental Entity or otherwise raised as an issue by any
Governmental Entity in connection with any Tax proceeding, (a) the Company shall promptly provide written notice thereof to the Purchasers and (b) the parties hereto shall reasonably cooperate in good faith to defend against any such challenge or
claim.

Section 5.04. Section 4501 Tax. For the absence of doubt, any Tax imposed pursuant to Section 4501 of the Code, which Tax relates to the Series C Preferred
Stock or any transaction relating thereto, shall be the sole responsibility and liability of the Company.

20

ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 6.01. Survival of Representations and Warranties and
Registration Rights. Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, (a) the representations and warranties of the Company and the Purchasers contained in or made pursuant to this
Agreement and (b) the registration rights provided in Article IV shall survive the Closing; provided survival of clause (a) shall in no way be affected by any investigation or knowledge of
the subject matter thereof made by or on behalf of the Purchasers or the Company.

Section 6.02. Notices.

(a) Notice Process. All notices and other communications given or
made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing (including electronic mail as permitted in this Agreement) and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of actual receipt, or (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii)
when sent, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business Day, (iii) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt.

(b) Notice Addresses. All communications shall be sent to the respective parties hereto at their email address or address as set forth on the signature page or Schedule I
along with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to any cc address noted on Schedule I for such party, or to such e-mail address or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 6.02.

(c) Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Purchaser consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice by electronic mail pursuant to Section 232 of the Delaware General Corporate Law
(or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page or Schedule I, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other parties of
any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing.

Section 6.03. Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries; Amendment. This Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules hereto), together with the Certificate, sets forth the
entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to this transaction and is not intended and shall not confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto, their successors and permitted assigns any rights or remedies hereunder. Any
provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part at any time solely by an agreement in writing among the Company and the holders of at least 51% of the then-outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Such amendment
or modification shall be executed in the same manner as this Agreement. No failure on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise by any
party of any right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.

21

Section 6.04. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute any original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same document. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic
and pictorial appearance of a document will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature.

Section 6.05. Expenses. Each party hereto shall bear its own costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with this Agreement and this transaction. Each party represents that it
neither is nor will be obligated for any finders fee or commission in connection with this transaction. Each Purchaser agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a
finders or brokers fee arising out of this transaction (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which each Purchaser or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible or may
become responsible.

Section 6.06. Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective
successors and assigns of the parties. No party to this Agreement may assign its rights or obligations absent the prior written consent of the other parties except a complete assignment by Purchaser to a controlled Affiliate. Nothing in this
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as
expressly provided in this Agreement.

Section 6.07. Governing Law;
Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. In addition, each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement and the
rights and obligations arising hereunder, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising hereunder brought by the other party hereto or its successors or assigns, shall be
brought and determined exclusively in the state or federal courts of/located in the State and City of New York and any appellate court therefrom. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any such action or proceeding
for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in any court other than the aforesaid courts. Each of the Purchasers hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (i) any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason other than the failure to serve in accordance with this Section 6.07(a), (ii) any claim
that it or its property is exempt or immune from the jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment,
execution of judgment or otherwise) and (iii) to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, any claim that (A) the suit, action or proceeding in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (B) the venue of such suit, action or
proceeding is improper or (C) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each of the parties hereby agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to the
respective addresses set forth in Section 6.03 shall be effective service of process for any suit or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

22

(b) EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 6.07.

Section 6.08. Severability. The
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

Section

6.09. Headings. The headings of Articles and Sections contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not part of this Agreement.

Section

6.10. Non-Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may only be brought against the entities
that are expressly named as parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any Person that executes and delivers a joinder). Except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, no past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, member, partners, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney or representative of any party hereto shall have any liability for any obligations or liabilities of any party hereto under this Agreement or for any claim
based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby. All obligations of Purchasers hereunder shall be several obligations of such Purchaser and, for the avoidance of doubt, not joint or
joint and several obligations.

Section 6.11. Section 4501 Tax. For the absence of doubt, any Tax imposed pursuant to Section 4501 of the Code, which Tax
relates to the Series C Preferred Stock or any transaction relating thereto, shall be the sole responsibility and liability of the Company.

ARTICLE VII

CONVERSION LIMITATIONS

Section 7.01. Conversion Limitations.

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, including in the Certificate, the Company shall not issue to the Purchaser any shares of Common Stock to the extent such shares after
giving effect to a conversion would:

23

(i) result in the Purchaser (together with the Purchasers affiliates) (A) beneficially owning in excess of 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such issuance (the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount) or (B) controlling in excess of 19.99% of the total voting power of the Companys securities outstanding immediately after giving effect to such
issuance that are entitled to vote on a matter being voted on by holders of the Common Stock (the Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount), unless and until the Company obtains the approval by the Companys stockholders (whether approved through
a special meeting of the Companys stockholders or otherwise) in accordance with the stockholder approval requirements of Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635 (or any equivalent rule or requirement of the
applicable exchange or automated quotation system on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted) (the Requisite Stockholder Approval); and

(ii) result in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued exceeding 19.99% of the outstanding Common Stock as of the date immediately preceding the
Effective Date (the Issuance Cap), unless and until the Company obtains the Requisite Stockholder Approval.

(b) For purposes of this Article VII, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

(c) For purposes of this Article VII, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, Purchaser may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as
reflected in (i) the Companys most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the case may be, filed with the SEC, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the
Company, or (iii) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Purchaser, the Company shall within two Business Days confirm
orally and in writing to such Purchaser the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.

(d) If on any attempted conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, the issuance of the shares of Common Stock would exceed the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount, the Maximum Aggregate
Voting Amount or the Issuance Cap, and the Company shall not have previously obtained Requisite Stockholder Approval at the time of conversion, then the Company shall (i) issue to the Purchaser requesting conversion such number of shares of
Common Stock as may be issued below the Maximum Aggregate Ownership Amount, Maximum Aggregate Voting Amount, or the Issuance Cap, as the case may be and (ii) use reasonable best efforts to seek, as soon as practicable, the Requisite Stockholder
Approval. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the remainder of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock not then issued, the Series C Preferred Stock shall not be convertible until and unless the Requisite Stockholder Approval has
been obtained.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

24

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the parties hereto or by their respective duly authorized officers, all as of the date first above written.

COMPANY

INNVENTURE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Gregory W. Haskell

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Address: 

6900 Tavistock Lakes Boulevard, Suite 400

Orlando, FL 32827

[Signature Page to Ex- U.S. Purchase Agreement (Series C)]

PURCHASER

[INSERT PURCHASER NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Email: 

[Signature Page to Ex- U.S. Purchase Agreement (Series C)]

SCHEDULE I

PURCHASERS

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>inv-20250324.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>inv-20250324_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>inv-20250324_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 24, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-42303

Entity Registrant Name Innventure, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0002001557

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-4440048

Entity Address, Address Line One 6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Orlando

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 32827

City Area Code 321

Local Phone Number 209-6787

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol INV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://innventure.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20045914_8k.htm 
inv-20250324.xsd 
inv-20250324_lab.xml 
inv-20250324_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-010165-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ef20045914_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002001557 

2025-03-24 
2025-03-24 

false 
--12-31 
0002001557 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-24 
Innventure, Inc. 
DE 
001-42303 
93-4440048 
6900 Tavistock Lakes Blvd, Suite 400 
Orlando 
FL 
32827 
321 
209-6787 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
INV 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>