<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-002100.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-002100.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108163029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-002100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001995413
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41874
		FILM NUMBER:		25518903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 BRAZILIAN AVENUE, SUITE 200-J
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5618053588

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 BRAZILIAN AVENUE, SUITE 200-J
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226918-8k425_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000199541300019954132025-01-062025-01-060001995413CLBR:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-01-062025-01-060001995413CLBR:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-062025-01-060001995413CLBR:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-01-062025-01-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 6, 2025

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION
CORP. II

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41874 98-1753949

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J

Palm Beach, FL 33480

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(561) 805-3588

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant CLBR.U The New York Stock Exchange

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share CLBR The New York Stock Exchange

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share CLBR.WS The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry Into A Material Definitive
Agreement.

Business Combination Agreement

General Description of the Business Combination
Agreement

On January 6, 2025,
Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (Colombier II or the
Purchaser), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination
Agreement) with Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company
(GrabAGun or the Company), GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., a Texas
corporation fifty-percent owned by Colombier II and fifty-percent owned by GrabAGun (Pubco), Gauge II
Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger
Sub) and, upon execution of a joinder, a to-be-formed Cayman Islands exempted company to be named Gauge II
Merger Sub Corp. (Purchaser Merger Sub).

Pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Purchaser Merger Sub will merge with and into Colombier II, with
Colombier II continuing as the surviving entity (the Colombier Merger) and, as a result of which, each issued
and outstanding security of Colombier II immediately prior to the effective time of the Colombier Merger shall no longer be outstanding
and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for which the security holders of Colombier II shall receive substantially equivalent
securities of Pubco, (ii) Company Merger Sub will merge with and into GrabAGun, with GrabAGun continuing as the surviving entity (the
GrabAGun Merger, and together with the Colombier Merger, the Mergers), and as
a result of which each issued and outstanding security of GrabAGun immediately prior to the effective time of the GrabAGun Merger shall
no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for which the security holders of GrabAGun shall receive shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Pubco (Pubco Common Stock). As a result of the Mergers and
other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, Colombier II and GrabAGun will become wholly-owned subsidiaries
of Pubco, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, and Pubco will become a publicly
traded company.

Consideration

The aggregate
consideration to be delivered to the equityholders of GrabAGun as of the Effective Time (collectively, the
Sellers) will be One Hundred Fifty Million U.S. Dollars ($150,000,000) (such amount, the
Merger Consideration) consisting of: (i) a number of newly issued shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to
One Hundred Million U.S. Dollars ($100,000,000) divided by Ten U.S. Dollars ($10.00) (the Aggregate Stock
Consideration) plus (ii) an amount of cash equal to Fifty Million U.S. Dollars ($50,000,000) (the
Aggregate Cash Consideration). Each Seller will be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of the
Aggregate Stock Consideration and the Aggregate Cash Consideration.

Representations and Warranties

The
Business Combination Agreement contains representations and warranties that are reasonably customary for similar transactions that are
made by the parties as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement, or other specific dates, solely for the benefit of certain of
the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, and in certain cases are subject to specified exceptions and materiality, Material
Adverse Effect (as defined below), knowledge and other qualifications contained in the Business Combination Agreement or in information
provided pursuant to certain disclosure schedules to the Business Combination Agreement. Material Adverse Effect
as used in the Business Combination Agreement means with respect to any specified person or entity, any fact, event, occurrence, change
or effect that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect upon the business,
assets, liabilities, results of operations, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of such person or entity and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or the ability of such person or entity or any of its subsidiaries on a timely basis to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement or the ancillary documents to which it is a party or bound or to perform its obligations
thereunder, in each case subject to certain customary exceptions.

1

No Survival

The representations and warranties
of the parties contained in the Business Combination Agreement terminate as of, and do not survive, the closing of the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing), and there are no indemnification rights for another partys
breach. The covenants and agreements of the parties contained in the Business Combination Agreement do not survive the Closing, except
those covenants and agreements to be performed after the Closing, which covenants and agreements will survive until fully performed.

Covenants of the Parties

Each party to the Business
Combination Agreement agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement (the Transactions). The Business Combination Agreement also contains certain customary covenants
by each of the parties during the period between the signing of the Business Combination Agreement and the earlier of the Closing or the
termination of the Business Combination Agreement (the Interim Period), including (1) the provision of access
to each partys properties, books and personnel; (2) the operation of their respective businesses in the ordinary course of business;
(3) provision of financial statements by GrabAGun; (4) Colombier IIs public filings; (5) no insider trading; (6) notifications
to the other parties of certain breaches, consent requirements or other matters; (7) obtaining third party and regulatory approvals; (8)
tax matters; (9) further assurances; (10) public announcements; and (11) confidentiality. The Business Combination Agreement also contains
certain customary post-Closing covenants regarding (1) tax matters; (2) maintenance of books and records; (3) indemnification of directors
and officers; and (4) use of proceeds from Colombier IIs trust account.

Additionally,
each of Colombier II and GrabAGun has agreed not to solicit or enter into a competing alternative transaction in accordance with customary
terms and provisions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Colombier II also agreed not to change, withdraw, withhold,
qualify or modify, or publicly propose to change, withdraw, withhold, qualify or modify, the recommendation of its board to its shareholders
for approval and adoption of the Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions (a Change in Recommendation);
provided, however, that if at any time prior to (but not after) obtaining the approval from Colombier II shareholders, the Colombier II
board, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, determines that a Material Adverse Effect with respect to GrabAGun has occurred
on or after the date of the Business Combination Agreement and, as a result, the failure to make a Change in Recommendation would be inconsistent
with the fiduciary duties of Colombier IIs board of directors, Colombier II may make a Change in Recommendation. If requested by GrabAGun, Colombier II will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its representatives to,
during the Change in Recommendation notice period provided in the Business Combination Agreement, engage in good faith negotiations with
GrabAGun and its representatives to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement so as to obviate
the need for a Change in Recommendation.

The Business Combination
Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions requires the approval of both Colombier IIs shareholders and the Sellers.
Colombier II, GrabAGun and Pubco agreed, as promptly as practicable after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, to prepare
and file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), a registration statement on Form
S-4 (as amended, the Registration Statement) in connection with the registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) of the securities of Pubco to be issued pursuant to the
Transactions, and containing a proxy statement/prospectus for the solicitation of proxies from Colombier II shareholders to approve
the Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions and related matters at a special meeting of Colombier IIs shareholders
and providing Colombier IIs public shareholders with an opportunity to request redemption of their public shares in
connection with the Transactions, as required by Colombier IIs amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and Colombier IIs initial public offering prospectus (the Redemption).

GrabAGun also agreed to call
a meeting of its members in order to obtain the requisite vote of its members to approve the Business Combination Agreement and each of
the ancillary documents to which GrabAGun is or is required to be a party or bound and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
thereby (the GrabAGun Member Approval) and use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies from its members
prior to such meeting and to take all other actions necessary or advisable to secure the GrabAGun Member Approval, including enforcing
the Seller Support Agreement (as described below). GrabAGun and Colombier II must also make members of their respective management teams
reasonably available to participate in management presentations, road shows, rating agency presentations, meetings with
financing sources and similar events in connection with obtaining the approval of Colombier shareholders, Colombier IIs share
recycling efforts and/or the obtaining of any debt or equity financing (including transaction financing) or the obtaining of ratings
or governmental authority and other third-party approvals.

2

The parties to the
Business Combination Agreement also agreed to take all necessary action, so that effective at the Closing, the entire board of
directors of Pubco (the Post-Closing Board) will consist of nine (9) individuals. Two (2) of the members
of the Post-Closing Board will be designated by Colombier II prior to the Closing and seven (7) of the members of the Post-Closing
Board will be designated by GrabAGun prior to the Closing, at least five (5) of whom shall be independent directors in accordance
with NYSE requirements. At or prior to Closing, Pubco will provide each member of the Post-Closing Board with a customary director
indemnification agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such director. The parties also agreed to take all action
necessary including causing Pubcos executive officers to resign, so that the individuals serving as the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer and chief operating officer respectively of Pubco immediately after the Closing will be the same
individuals as that of GrabAGun immediately prior to the Closing.

GrabAGun
will deliver PCAOB-audited financial statements to Colombier II for its fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, as
soon as practicable after the date of the Business Combination Agreement but no later than March 15, 2025 (the Audit Delivery
Date).

During the Interim
Period, Colombier II may, but shall not be required to, enter into financing agreements for one or more transaction financings on
such terms and structuring, and using such strategy, placement agents and approach, as Colombier II and GrabAGun shall reasonably
agree (with GrabAGuns agreement thereto not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). These
financings may be structured as one, or a combination of, common equity, preferred equity, convertible equity or debt,
non-redemption or backstop arrangements with respect to Colombier IIs trust account, a committed equity facility, debt
facility, and/or other sources of cash or cash equivalents, in each case, whether such investment is into Colombier II, GrabAGun or
Pubco. 

GrabAGun agrees that it will,
as promptly as practicable after the date of the Business Combination Agreement but no later than the Closing, obtain foreign qualifications
to do business in each jurisdiction in which it reasonably determines it is required to do so. Pubco and GrabAGun agreed to, as promptly as practicable
after the Closing but no later than 30 days after the Closing, provide written notice to the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
Firearms & Explosives of a change of control. Pubco and GrabAGun also agreed to, as promptly as practicable after the date of Closing,
designate a qualified individual as a Responsible Person, as such term is defined in 18 U.S.C. 841(s).

Conditions to Closing

The obligations of the parties
to consummate the Transactions are subject to various conditions, including the following mutual conditions of the parties, unless waived:
(i) the approval of the Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions and related matters by the requisite vote of each of Colombier
IIs shareholders and GrabAGuns members; (ii) the expiration or termination of any waiting period applicable to the consummation
of the Business Combination Agreement under any antitrust laws; (iii) obtaining material regulatory approvals; (iv) no law or order preventing
or prohibiting the Transactions; (v) Colombier II or Pubco having at least $5,000,001 in consolidated net tangible assets either immediately
prior to the Closing, after giving effect to the completion of the Redemption, or upon the Closing after giving effect to the Mergers,
the Redemption and any transaction financing, or upon the Closing, Pubco otherwise is exempt from the provisions of Rule 419 promulgated
under the Exchange Act; (vi) appointment of the Post-Closing Board consistent with the requirements of the Business Combination Agreement;
(vii) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement; (viii) Pubco shall have amended and restated its certificate of incorporation in
a form satisfactory to Colombier II and GrabAGun; (ix) upon the Closing, the gross cash and cash equivalents delivered to Pubco in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement after payments to Sellers to pay the Aggregate Cash Consideration
and, including funds remaining in the trust account (after giving effect to the completion and payment of the Redemption and payment of
Colombier IIs transaction expenses, but excluding the payment of the GrabAGuns transaction expenses) and the aggregate amount
of any transaction financing, shall equal or exceed $30,000,000; and (x) shares of Pubco Common Stock and the Pubco Public Warrants shall
have been approved for listing on NYSE upon the Closing.

3

In addition, unless
waived by GrabAGun, the obligations of GrabAGun to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement
are subject to the satisfaction of the following closing conditions, in addition to customary certificates and other closing
deliveries: (i) the representations of Colombier II relating to organization and standing,
authorization, non-contravention, capitalization (other than the first sentence of such representation in the
Business Combination Agreement) and finders and brokers being true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and as of the Closing; (ii) the
representations and warranties of Colombier II set for in the first sentence of the capitalization representation being true and
correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies) on and as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and
as of the Closing; (iii) the representations and warranties of Colombier II relating to whether Colombier II has been subject to a
Material Adverse Effect being true and correct on and as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and as of the Closing;
(iv) all other representations and warranties of the Colombier II being true and correct (without giving effect to any limitations
as to materiality or any similar limitation set forth herein) in all respects on and as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the date of Closing, as though made on and as of the date of Closing, except where the failure of such representations and
warranties to be true and correct, individually and in the aggregate has not had a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect; (v) Colombier
II having performed in all material respects their respective obligations and complied in all material respects with the covenants
and agreements under the Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with by them on or prior the date of
the Closing; (vi) the Insider Letter Amendment being in full force and effect as of the Closing: and (vii) Colombier II and
Colombier Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor) shall have executed the Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement.

Unless waived by
Colombier II, the obligations of Colombier II to consummate the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction of the following
closing conditions, in addition to customary certificates and other closing deliveries: (i) the representations of GrabAGun relating
to organization and standing, authorization, non-contravention, capitalization (other than the first sentence of such representation in the
Business Combination Agreement) and finders and
brokers being true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality set forth therein) in
all material respects on and as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and as of the date of Closing; (ii) the
representations and warranties set forth in the first sentence of the capitalization representation being true and correct in all
respects on and as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and as of the date of Closing; (iii) all other representations
and warranties of the GrabAGun being true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality or
Material Adverse Effect or any similar limitation set forth herein) in all respects on and as of the date of the
Business Combination Agreement and on and as of the date of Closing, except where the failure of such representations and warranties
to be true and correct, individually and in the aggregate has not had a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) GrabAGun having performed in
all material respects the respective obligations and complied in all material respects with its covenants and agreements under the
Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with on or prior the date of the Closing; (v) absence of any
Material Adverse Effect with respect to GrabAGun since the date of the Business Combination Agreement which is uncured and
continuing; (vi) each Non-Competition Agreement, each Employment Agreement, each Lock-Up Agreement and the Insider Letter Amendment
being in full force and effect as of the Closing; and (vii) each Seller having executed the Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement.

Termination

The Business Combination Agreement
may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing by either Colombier II or GrabAGun if the Closing does not occur by August 1, 2025,
or such other date as may be extended pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement.

The Business Combination Agreement
may also be terminated under certain other customary and limited circumstances at any time prior the Closing, including, among other reasons:
(i) by mutual written consent of Colombier II and GrabAGun; (ii) by written notice by either Colombier II and GrabAGun to the other if
a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining
or otherwise prohibiting the Transactions, and such order or other action has become final and non-appealable; (iii) by GrabAGun for Colombier
IIs uncured material breach of the Business Combination Agreement, such that the related closing condition would not be met; (iv)
by Colombier II for GrabAGuns uncured material breach of the Business Combination Agreement, such that the related closing condition
would not be met; (v) by Colombier II, if there shall have been a Material Adverse Effect on GrabAGun following the date of the Business
Combination Agreement which is uncured and continuing; (vi) by either Colombier II or GrabAGun if Colombier II holds its shareholder meeting
to approve the Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions, and such approval is not obtained; and (vii) by written notice from
Colombier II to GrabAGun if GrabAGun has not delivered the PCAOB-audited financial statements for
its fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 to Colombier II on or before the Audit Delivery Date.

4

If the Business Combination
Agreement is terminated, all further obligations of the parties under the Business Combination Agreement (except for certain obligations
related to public announcements, confidentiality, effect of termination, fees and expenses, trust fund waiver, and customary miscellaneous
provisions) will terminate, no party to the Business Combination Agreement will have any further liability to any other party thereto
except for liability for fraud or for willful breach of the Business Combination Agreement prior to termination.

Trust Account Waiver

GrabAGun agreed that it and
its affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in Colombier IIs trust account
held for its public shareholders, and has agreed not to, and waived any right to, make any claim against the trust account (including
any distributions therefrom).

Governing Law

The Business Combination Agreement
is governed by New York law, provided that matters that are required to be governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands (including, without
limitation, in respect of the Colombier Merger and the fiduciary duties that may apply to the directors and officers of the parties) shall
be governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands and, the parties are subject to exclusive jurisdiction of federal and state courts located
in New York County, State of New York (and any appellate courts thereof).

Related Agreements

Seller Support Agreement

Simultaneously with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, each Seller entered into a Seller Support Agreement (the Seller Support Agreement),
pursuant to which, among other things, each Seller agreed to vote its membership interests in favor of the adoption of the Business Combination
Agreement, the ancillary documents, the approval of the Transactions and any amendments to the GrabAGuns organizational documents
in connection therewith, subject to certain customary conditions. Each Seller also agreed to take
certain other actions in support of the Business Combination Agreement and related transactions (and any actions required in furtherance
thereof) and refrain from taking actions that would adversely affect such Sellers ability to perform their obligations under the
Seller Support Agreement. Pursuant to the Seller Support Agreements, the Sellers also agreed not to transfer their membership interests
in GrabAGun during the period from and including the date of the Seller Support Agreement and the first to occur of the date of Closing
or the date on which the Seller Support Agreement is terminated.

Lock-Up Agreements

Simultaneously with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, each Seller entered into a lock-up agreement (each, a Lock-Up Agreement),
pursuant to which such Seller agreed not to (i) lend, offer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, donate, assign, sell, contract to sell, sell
any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise
transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Pubco Common Stock to be received by such Seller in the Transactions, (ii) enter
into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such
shares of Pubco Common Stock, or (iii) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing, for a period commencing from the Closing
and ending on the date that is 6 months after the Closing (subject to early release on the earlier upon (i) the date on which the volume-weighted
average trading price of one share of Pubco Common Stock quoted on the NYSE (or such other exchange on which the shares of Pubco Common
Stock are then listed) is greater than or equal to $15.00 for any 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period
beginning on the day of Closing and (ii) date after the Closing on which Pubco consummates a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Pubco
Common Stock for cash, securities, or other property), subject to certain customary transfer exceptions.

5

Insider Letter Amendment

Simultaneously with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, Pubco, Colombier II and the Sponsor entered into an amendment (the Insider Letter
Amendment) to the letter agreement that was entered into in connection with Colombiers initial public offering (the
Insider Letter), (i) to add Pubco as a party to the Insider Letter, (ii) to revise the terms of the Insider
Letter to reflect the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including the issuance of shares of Pubco Common
Stock in exchange for the ordinary shares of Colombier II, and (iii) to amend the terms of the lock-up set forth in the Insider Letter
to conform with the lock-up terms in the Lock-Up Agreement described above.

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement

Simultaneously with the execution
and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, each Seller entered into a Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement in favor
of GrabAGun and Pubco and their respective subsidiaries (the Covered Parties), pursuant to which they will
agree for a period of 3 years after the Closing not to compete with the Covered Parties and not to solicit the employees and customers
of the Covered Parties. Each Seller also agreed not to disparage the Covered Parties and to customary confidentiality requirements.

Shareholders Agreement

Simultaneously with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, Colombier II and GrabAGun entered into a shareholder agreement pursuant to which, among other matters,
(a) Colombier II and GrabAGun, as the stockholders of Pubco, agreed that Pubco, GrabAGun Merger Sub and, upon its formation, Colombier
Merger Sub will not engage in any business activities other than as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and have no assets
or liabilities except in connection with the Transactions, (b) if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated prior to Closing, Colombier
II and GrabAGun shall cause Pubco to be dissolved and (c) each of Colombier II and GrabAGun agreed not to take any action with respect
to Pubco without the consent of the other, not to be unreasonably withheld. The shareholders agreement will terminate upon the
earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement.

Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement

Prior to the Closing, Pubco,
the Sponsor and the Sellers will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement that will amend and restate the registration
rights agreement entered into at the time of Colombier IIs initial public offering, pursuant to which (i) Pubco will assume the
registration obligations of Colombier under such registration rights agreement, with such rights applying to the shares Pubco Common Stock
and (ii) Sellers will be granted equal registration rights thereunder.

The Business Combination
Agreement and other agreements described above have been included to provide investors with information regarding their respective terms.
They are not intended to provide any other factual information about Colombier II, GrabAGun, or the other parties thereto. In
particular, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement were made as of a specified
date, are modified or qualified by information in one or more confidential disclosure schedules prepared in connection with the execution
and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might
be viewed as material to investors, or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties. Accordingly, the representations
and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts about Colombier
II, GrabAGun or the other parties thereto at the time they were made or otherwise and should only be read in conjunction with the other
information that Colombier II makes publicly available in reports, statements and other documents filed with the SEC. Colombier II and
GrabAGun investors and securityholders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Business Combination Agreement and should not
rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state
of facts or condition of any party to the Business Combination Agreement. 

The
foregoing descriptions of agreements and the transactions and documents contemplated thereby are not complete and are subject to and qualified
in their entirety by reference to the Business Combination Agreement, Seller Support Agreement, Lock-Up Agreement, Insider Letter Amendment,
Non-Competition Agreement, Pubco Stockholder Agreement and form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which
are filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 and 10.6, respectively, and the terms of
which are incorporated by reference herein.

6

Forward-Looking Statements

The information in
this Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as estimate, plan,
project, forecast, intend, may, will, expect,
continue, should, would, anticipate, believe,
seek, target, predict, potential, seem, future,
outlook or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of
historical matters, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, references with respect to the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business
Combination; changes in the market for GrabAGuns products and services and expansion plans and opportunities;
GrabAGuns ability to successfully execute its expansion plans and business initiatives; ability for GrabAGun to raise funds
to support its business; the sources and uses of cash of the proposed Business Combination; the anticipated capitalization and
enterprise value of the combined company following the consummation of the proposed Business Combination; the projected
technological developments of GrabAGun and its competitors; ability of GrabAGun to control costs associated with operations; and
expectations related to the terms and timing of the proposed Business Combination. These statements are based on various
assumptions, whether or not identified in this Current Report on Form 8-K, and on the current expectations of GrabAGuns and
Colombier IIs management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for
illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an
assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or
impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of GrabAGun and
Colombier II. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the occurrence of any
event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination Agreement; the risk that
the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transactions
described herein; the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; the inability of GrabAGun to
maintain, and Pubco to obtain, as necessary, any permits necessary for the conduct of GrabAGuns business, including federal
firearm licenses issued pursuant to the Gun Control Act, 18 USC 921 et seq. and special occupational taxpayer stamps issued pursuant
to the National Firearms Act, 26 USC 5849 et seq.; the disqualification, revocation or modification of the status of those persons
designated by GrabAGun as Responsible Persons, as such term is defined in 18 U.S.C. 841(s); the ability to maintain the listing of
Colombier IIs securities on a national securities exchange; the ability to obtain or maintain the listing of the
Pubcos securities on NYSE, following the Business Combination, including having the requisite number of shareholders; costs
related to the Business Combination; changes in business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; risks relating to
GrabAGuns operations and business, including information technology and cybersecurity risks, failure to adequately forecast
supply and demand, loss of key customers and deterioration in relationships between GrabAGun and its employees; GrabAGuns
ability to successfully collaborate with business partners; demand for GrabAGuns current and future offerings; risks that
orders that have been placed for GrabAGuns products are cancelled or modified; risks related to increased competition; risks
relating to potential disruption in the transportation and shipping infrastructure; risks that GrabAGun is unable to secure or
protect its intellectual property; risks of product liability or regulatory lawsuits relating to GrabAGuns products and
services; risks that the post-combination company experiences difficulties managing its growth and expanding operations; the risk
that the Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of Colombier
IIs securities; the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed by Colombier IIs business combination
deadline and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination deadline if sought by Colombier II; the
failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be
instituted against GrabAGun, Colombier II, Pubco or others following announcement of the proposed Business Combination and
transactions contemplated thereby; the ability of GrabAGun to execute its business model; and those risk factors discussed in
documents of Pubco and Colombier II filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be
additional risks that neither Colombier II nor GrabAGun presently know or that Colombier II and GrabAGun currently believe are
immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition,
forward-looking statements reflect Colombier IIs, Pubcos and GrabAGuns expectations, plans or forecasts of
future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Colombier II, Pubco and GrabAGun
anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Colombier IIs, Pubcos and GrabAGuns assessments
to change. However, while Colombier II, Pubco and GrabAGun may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the
future, Colombier II, Pubco and GrabAGun specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Readers are referred to the most recent
reports filed with the SEC by Colombier II. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

7

Important Information About the Transactions
and Where to Find It

Pubco intends to file with the SEC a Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (as may be amended, the Registration Statement), which will include a preliminary proxy statement
of Colombier II and a prospectus in connection with the proposed Business Combination involving Colombier II, Pubco, Colombier Merger
Sub, GrabAGun Merger Sub and GrabAGun pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. The definitive proxy statement and other relevant
documents will be mailed to shareholders of Colombier II as of a record date to be established for voting on Colombier IIs proposed
Business Combination with GrabAGun. SHAREHOLDERS OF COLOMBIER II AND OTHER INTERESTED PARTIES ARE URGED TO READ, WHEN AVAILABLE, THE PRELIMINARY
PROXY STATEMENT, AND AMENDMENTS THERETO, AND THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH COLOMBIER IIS SOLICITATION OF PROXIES
FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING OF ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD TO APPROVE THE BUSINESS COMBINATION BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT
INFORMATION ABOUT COLOMBIER II, GRABAGUN, PUBCO AND THE BUSINESS COMBINATION. Shareholders will also be able to obtain copies of the Registration
Statement and the proxy statement/prospectus, without charge, once available, on the SECs website at www.sec.gov or by directing
a request to: Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, 214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J, Palm Beach, FL 33480; e-mail: colombier@icrinc.com.

Participants in the Solicitation

Pubco, Colombier II, GrabAGun, and their respective
directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of Colombier II
in connection with the Business Combination. Colombier IIs shareholders and other interested persons may obtain more detailed information
regarding the names, affiliations, and interests of certain of Colombier executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading
Colombier IIs final prospectus filed with the SEC on November 20, 2023 in connection with Colombier IIs initial public offering,
Colombier IIs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 25, 2024 and Colombier
IIs other filings with the SEC. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests
in the Business Combination, which may, in some cases, be different from those of shareholders generally, will be set forth in the Registration
Statement relating to the Business Combination when it becomes available. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the source
indicated above.

Disclaimer

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute
a solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination. This Current
Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities pursuant to the Business
Combination or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would
be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall
be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

8

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

2.1* Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., Gauge II Merger Sub LLC and, upon execution of a joinder, Gauge II Merger Sub Corp.

10.1 Form of Seller Support Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun) and Sellers.

10.2 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., Colombier Acquisition Corp. II and Sellers.

10.3 Insider Letter Amendment, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, Colombier Sponsor II LLC, BTIG, LLC, GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun) and Sellers.

10.4 Form of Non-Competition and Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun) and Sellers.

10.5 Shareholders Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., Colombier Acquisition Corp. II and Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun).

10.6 Form of Amended Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., Colombier Sponsor II LLC and Sellers.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* The exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted
in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of all omitted
exhibits and schedules upon its request.

9

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: January 8, 2025

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022691801ex2-1_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II, METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC (D/B/A GRABAGUN), GRABAGUN DIGITAL HOLDINGS INC.,
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

by and among

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II,

as the Purchaser,

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.,

as Pubco,

Gauge II Merger Sub LLC,

as Company Merger Sub,

and

Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun),

as the Company

and, upon execution of a joinder
hereto, the other Parties hereto

Dated as of January 6,
2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

I. MERGER 3

1.1. The Purchaser Merger 3

1.2. The Company Merger 3

1.3. Effective Time 3

1.4. Effect of the Mergers 4

1.5. Governing Documents 4

1.6. Directors, Officers and Managers of the Surviving Subsidiaries 4

1.8. Merger Consideration 4

1.9. Effect of Purchaser Merger on Issued Securities of the Purchaser and Purchaser Merger Sub 5

1.10. Effect of Company Merger on Issued Securities of the Company and Company Merger Sub 5

1.11. Effect of Mergers on Issued and Outstanding Securities of Pubco 6

1.12. Exchange Procedures 6

1.13. Tax Consequences 7

1.14. Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action 7

II. CLOSING 7

2.1. Closing 7

III. representations and warranties of the Purchaser 8

3.1. Organization and Standing 8

3.2. Authorization; Binding Agreement 8

3.3. Governmental Approvals 8

3.4. Non-Contravention 9

3.5. Capitalization 9

3.6. SEC Filings and Purchaser Financials 10

3.7. Absence of Certain Changes 11

3.8. Compliance with Laws 11

3.9. Actions; Orders; Permits 11

3.10. Taxes and Returns 12

3.11. Employees and Employee Benefit Plans 12

3.12. Properties 12

3.13. Material Contracts 12

3.14. Transactions with Affiliates 13

3.15. Investment Company Act 13

3.16. Finders and Brokers 13

3.17. Certain Business Practices 13

3.18. Insurance 14

3.19 Purchaser Trust Account 14

3.20. Exclusivity of Representations 14

3.21. Information Supplied 15

IV. RESERVED 15

v. representations and warranties of THE COMPANY 15

5.1. Organization and Standing 15

5.2. Authorization; Binding Agreement 16

5.3. Capitalization 16

5.4. Subsidiaries 17

5.5. Governmental Approvals 17

5.6. Non-Contravention 17

5.7. Financial Statements 17

5.8. Absence of Certain Changes 18

i

5.9. Compliance with Laws 18

5.10. Company Permits 19

5.11. Litigation 19

5.12. Material Contracts 20

5.13. Intellectual Property 21

5.14. Taxes and Returns 23

5.15. Real Property 24

5.16. Personal Property 25

5.17. Title to and Sufficiency of Assets 25

5.18. Employee Matters 25

5.19. Benefit Plans 26

5.20. Environmental Matters 29

5.21. Transactions with Related Persons 30

5.22. Insurance 30

5.23. Books and Records 30

5.24. Top Customers and Suppliers 30

5.25 Certain Business Practices 31

5.26 Privacy and Data Security 31

5.27 Investment Company Act 32

5.28. Finders and Brokers 32

5.29. Independent Investigation 32

5.30. Information Supplied 33

V. COVENANTS 33

6.1. Access and Information 33

6.2. Conduct of Business of the Company 34

6.3. Conduct of Business of the Purchaser 37

6.4. Additional Financial Information 39

6.5. the Purchaser Public Filings 39

6.6. No Solicitation; Change in Recommendation 39

6.7. No Trading 41

6.8. Notification of Certain Matters 42

6.9. Efforts 42

6.10. Tax Matters 44

6.11. Further Assurances 44

6.12. The Registration Statement 45

6.13. Company Member Meeting 46

6.14. Public Announcements 46

6.15. Confidential Information 47

6.16. Documents and Information 48

6.17. Post-Closing Board of Directors and Executive Officers 48

6.18. Indemnification of Officers and Directors; Tail Insurance 48

6.19. Trust Account Proceeds 49

6.20. Transaction Financing 49

6.21. ATF Change of Control 50

6.22. Qualification to do Business 50

6.23. Purchaser Merger Sub 50

VII. Closing conditions 50

7.1. Conditions of Each Partys Obligations 50

7.2. Conditions to Obligations of the Company 52

ii

7.3. Conditions to Obligations of the Purchaser 53

7.4. Frustration of Conditions 54

VIII. TERMINATION AND EXPENSES 54

8.1. Termination 54

8.2. Effect of Termination 55

8.3. Fees and Expenses 56

Ix. WAIVERS and releases 56

9.1. Waiver of Claims Against Trust 56

x. MISCELLANEOUS 57

10.1. Notices 57

10.2. Binding Effect; Assignment 57

10.3. Third Parties 57

10.4. Governing Law; Jurisdiction 58

10.5. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 58

10.6. Specific Performance 58

10.7. Severability 58

10.8. Amendment 58

10.9. Waiver 59

10.10. Entire Agreement 59

10.11. Interpretation 59

10.12. Counterparts 60

10.13. Legal Representation 60

XI DEFINITIONS 60

11.1. Certain Definitions 60

11.2. Section References 72

INDEX OF EXHIBITS

Exhibit Description

Exhibit A Form of Joinder

Exhibit B Form of Seller Support Agreement

Exhibit C Form of Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit D Insider Letter Amendment

Exhibit E Pubco Stockholder Agreement

Exhibit F Form of Amended Registration Rights Agreement

iii

BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT

This Business Combination
Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 6, 2025 by and among (i) Colombier Acquisition
Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company registered with limited liability and share capital (together with its successors (as
defined below), the Purchaser), (ii) GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation fifty-percent
owned by the Purchaser and fifty-percent owned by the Company (Pubco), (iii) upon execution of a Joinder hereto,
a to-be-formed Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco to be named Gauge II Merger Sub Corp.
(Purchaser Merger Sub), (iv) Gauge II Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub and together with Purchaser Merger Sub, the Merger Subs),
and (v) Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company (together with its successors, the Company).
The Purchaser, Pubco, Company Merger Sub and the Company are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party
and, collectively, as the Parties, and after the date hereof, the term Party shall
include Purchaser Merger Sub after entry into a Joinder.

RECITALS:

A.The
Company is an eCommerce retailer of firearms, ammunition and related accessories and other outdoor enthusiast products (the Company
Business);

B.Pubco
is a newly incorporated Texas corporation that is fifty-percent owned by the Purchaser and fifty-percent owned by the Company, and Pubco
owns all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Company Merger Sub, which is a newly organized entity formed for the sole
purpose of effecting the Mergers (as defined below);

C.Upon
its incorporation, Purchaser Merger Sub will be a newly incorporated Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares that will be wholly
owned by Pubco and incorporated for the sole purpose of effecting the Purchaser Merger (as defined herein) and is expected to sign a
joinder agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto (a Joinder) as promptly as practicable
after its formation;

D.Upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Parties desire and intend to effect a business combination transaction
pursuant to which (i) Purchaser Merger Sub will merge with and into the Purchaser, with the Purchaser continuing as the surviving entity
(the Purchaser Merger) and as a result of which each issued and outstanding security of the Purchaser immediately
prior to the effective time of the Purchaser Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for
which the security holders of the Purchaser shall receive substantially equivalent securities of Pubco and (ii) Company Merger Sub will
merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity (the Company Merger,
and together with Purchaser Merger, the Mergers), and as a result of which each issued and outstanding security
of the Company immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be
cancelled in exchange for which the security holders of the Company shall receive shares of common stock of Pubco and (iii) as a result
of which Mergers, the Purchaser and the Company will become wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco and Pubco will become a publicly traded
company;

E.The
boards of directors of Pubco and the Purchaser (and upon Purchaser Merger Subs execution of a Joinder, the board of directors
of Purchaser Merger Sub will have) each (i) determined that the respective Mergers to which they are a party are fair, advisable and
in the best interests of their respective companies and stockholders or shareholders, as applicable, (ii) approved this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including, with respect to Pubco and the respective Mergers to which they are a party, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and (iii) determined to recommend to their respective stockholders or shareholders,
as relevant, the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, with respect to Pubco,
and the respective Mergers to which they are a party (in case of the recommendation of the board of directors of the Purchaser, the Purchaser
Board Recommendation);

1

F.Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Purchaser has received voting and support agreements in the form attached as Exhibit
B hereto (collectively, the Seller Support Agreements) signed by the Company and the Sellers with respect
to the Company Interests (as defined herein) held by them sufficient to approve the adoption of this Agreement and approve the Company
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

G.Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Sellers have each entered into a Lock-Up Agreement with Pubco and the Purchaser,
the form of which is attached as Exhibit C hereto (each, a Lock-Up Agreement);

H.Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Purchaser, the Company, Pubco and the IPO Underwriter have entered into an amendment
to the Insider Letter Agreement with the Sponsor and the Purchasers directors and officers, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit
D hereto (the Insider Letter Amendment), pursuant to which, among other matters, (a) effective as of
the Closing, Pubco shall assume and be assigned the rights and obligations of Purchaser under the Insider Letter and (b) the Founder
Shares will be released from the transfer restrictions applicable therein on the date on which the VWAP of the shares of Pubco Common
Stock is greater than or equal to $15.00 for any twenty (20) Trading Days within any thirty (30) consecutive Trading Day period beginning
on the day of Closing;

I.Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Purchaser and the Company have entered into a Stockholder Agreement, a copy
of which is attached as Exhibit E hereto (the Pubco Stockholder Agreement), pursuant to which,
among other matters, (a) the Purchaser and the Company, as the stockholders of Pubco, agreed that Pubco, the Company Merger Sub and
the Purchaser Merger Sub will not engage in any business activities other than as contemplated by this Agreement and have no assets
or liabilities except in connection with the Transactions, (b) if this Agreement is terminated prior to Closing, the Purchaser and
the Company shall cause Pubco to be dissolved and (c) each of the Purchaser and the Company agreed not to take any action with
respect to Pubco without the consent of the other, not to be unreasonably withheld;

J.Promptly following the date hereof, the Purchaser, Pubco and the Company intend to enter into Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
Agreements in favor of Pubco and the Company with each of Marc Nemati, Matt W. Vittitow, Justin C. Hilty and Brent W. Cossey (collectively,
the Non-Competition Agreements) each of which will be effective as of Closing and will provide for a restricted
period from the Closing until the third anniversary of the Closing Date;

K.Simultaneously
with the Closing, Purchaser, Pubco, the Sponsor and the Sellers, will execute and deliver an amendment and restatement of the Founder
Registration Rights Agreement, the form of which is attached as Exhibit F hereto (the Amended Registration Rights
Agreement), to, among other matters, have Pubco assume the registration obligations of Purchaser under the Founder Registration
Rights Agreement, have such rights apply to the shares Pubco Common Stock, and to provide Sellers with registration rights thereunder;

L.Promptly following the date hereof, Pubco intends to enter into employment agreements with each of Marc Nemati, Matt W. Vittitow
and Justin C. Hilty (collectively, the Employment Agreements), each of which shall be mutually satisfactory
between the Purchaser and the applicable individual, and in each case to be effective as of Closing;

2

M.The
Parties hereby agree and acknowledge that for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, the Mergers are intended to qualify as an exchange described
in Section 351 of the Code, and each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that each is responsible for paying its own Taxes, including
any adverse Tax consequences that may result if the Mergers do not qualify under Section 351 of the Code (as defined herein); and

N.Certain
capitalized terms used herein are defined in Article XI hereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises set forth above, which are incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereto agree as
follows:

Article
I

MERGER

1.1The Purchaser Merger. At the Effective Time and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (as amended, the Act),
Purchaser Merger Sub and the Purchaser shall consummate the Purchaser Merger, pursuant to which Purchaser Merger Sub shall be merged with
and into the Purchaser, following which the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser Merger Sub shall cease and the Purchaser shall
continue as the surviving company in the Purchaser Merger. The Purchaser as the surviving company after Purchaser Merger is hereinafter
sometimes referred to as Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary (provided, that references to the Purchaser for periods
after the Effective Time shall include Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary).

1.2The Company Merger. At the Effective Time and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Business Organizations Code of the State of Texas (as amended, the TBOC),
Company Merger Sub and the Company shall consummate the Company Merger, pursuant to which Company Merger Sub shall be merged with and
into the Company, following which the separate limited liability company existence of Company Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall
continue as the surviving limited liability company in the Company Merger. The Company as the surviving limited liability company after
the Company Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to as Company Surviving Subsidiary (provided, that references
to the Company for periods after the Effective Time shall include Company Surviving Subsidiary), and together with Purchaser Surviving
Subsidiary, the Surviving Subsidiaries.

1.3Effective Time. Subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Parties shall (i) cause the Purchaser Merger to be consummated
by executing a plan of merger (the Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger) approved by the directors and by special
resolutions of the members (Special Resolution) of the Purchaser and Purchaser Merger Sub, in such form as
is required by, and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of the Act, and filing the Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger, together
with the Special Resolution and all such other documents required to effect the Purchaser Merger pursuant to the Act with the Registrar
of Companies of the Cayman Islands (the Cayman Registrar) as provided in Section 233 of the Act (the Purchaser
Merger Documents), and take such other actions as may be required in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act
to effect the Purchaser Merger, and (ii) cause the Company Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Purchaser (the Company Certificate of Merger) with the Secretary
of State of the State of Texas in accordance with the applicable provisions of the TBOC, with each of the Mergers to be consummated and
effective simultaneously at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Closing Date or at such other date and/or time as may be agreed in writing
by the Company and the Purchaser and specified in each of the Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger and the Company Certificate of Merger (the
Effective Time).

3

1.4Effect of the Mergers. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Mergers shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable
provisions of the Act, the TBOC and other applicable Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time (i) the rights, the property of every description including choses in action, and the business, undertaking, goodwill,
benefits, immunities and privileges of each of the Purchaser and the Purchaser Merger Sub, shall immediately vest in the Purchaser Surviving
Subsidiary and the Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary shall become liable for and subject, in the same manner as the Purchaser and the Purchaser
Merger Sub, to all mortgages, charges or security interests, and all contracts, obligations, claims, debts, and liabilities of each of
Purchaser and Purchaser Merger Sub, and (ii) all the property, rights, agreements, privileges, powers and franchises of Company Merger
Sub shall vest in Company Surviving Subsidiary and all debts, liabilities, obligations and duties of Company Merger Sub shall become the
debts, liabilities, obligations and duties of Company Surviving Subsidiary. All the rights and obligations of the Purchaser and Purchaser
Merger Sub, and all rights and obligations of the Company and Company Merger Sub, under this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents from
and after the Effective Time shall become the rights and obligations of Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary and Company Surviving Subsidiary,
respectively.

1.5Governing Documents. At the Effective Time, (i) the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Purchaser
Surviving Subsidiary, which will be substantially in the form of the memorandum and articles of association of Purchaser Merger Sub, as
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, as set out in the Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger, will be the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association of the Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary; (ii) the name of the Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary shall
be such name as reasonably determined by Pubco as provided in the Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger, and (ii) each of the certificate of
formation and operating agreement of Company Merger Sub shall become the certificate of formation and operating agreement of Company Surviving
Subsidiary, respectively, except that the name of Company Surviving Subsidiary in such certificate of formation and operating agreement
shall be GrabAGun LLC.

1.6Directors, Officers and Managers of the Surviving Subsidiaries. At the Effective Time, (i) the board of directors and executive
officers of Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary shall be the board of directors and executive officers of Pubco, after giving effect to Section
6.17, each to hold office in accordance with the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Purchaser Surviving
Subsidiary, and (ii) the managing members and executive officers of Company Surviving Subsidiary shall be designated by the Company, each
to hold office in accordance with the organizational documents of the Company Surviving Subsidiary until their successors are duly elected
or appointed and qualified or their earlier death, resignation, or removal.

1.7[Reserved].

1.8Merger Consideration.

(a)The aggregate consideration to be paid to holders of the Company Interests as of the Effective Time (collectively, the Sellers)
pursuant to the Company Merger shall be equal to One Hundred and Fifty Million U.S. Dollars ($150,000,000) (such amount, the Merger
Consideration) consisting of: (i) a number of newly issued shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to One Hundred Million U.S.
Dollars ($100,000,000) divided by Ten U.S. Dollars ($10.00) (the Aggregate Stock Consideration) plus (ii)
an amount of cash equal to Fifty Million U.S. Dollars ($50,000,000) (the Aggregate Cash Consideration). At
the Effective Time, the Company Interests (excluding the Excluded Interests, if any), issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be automatically canceled and extinguished and converted into the right for each Seller to receive its Pro Rata
Cash Consideration and its Pro Rata Stock Consideration.

4

1.9Effect of Purchaser Merger on Issued and Outstanding Securities of the Purchaser and Purchaser Merger Sub. At the Effective
Time, by virtue of the Purchaser Merger and without any action on the part of any Party or the holders of securities of any Party:

(a)Purchaser Public Units. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding Purchaser Public Unit shall be automatically
detached and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share and one-third (1/3) of one Purchaser Public
Warrant in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchaser Public Unit, which underlying Purchaser Securities shall be converted
in accordance with the applicable terms of this Section 1.9 below.

(b)Purchaser Ordinary Shares. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding Purchaser Ordinary Share (other than those
described in Section 1.9(d) below, but including those described in Section 1.9(a) above) shall be converted automatically
into and thereafter represent the right to receive one share of Pubco Common Stock.

(c)Purchaser Warrants. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding Purchaser Public Warrant shall be converted into
one Pubco Public Warrant and each issued and outstanding Purchaser Private Warrant shall be converted into one Pubco Private Warrant.
Each of the Pubco Public Warrants shall have, and be subject to, substantially the same terms and conditions set forth in the Purchaser
Public Warrants, and each of the Pubco Private Warrants shall have, and be subject to, substantially the same terms and conditions set
forth in the Purchaser Private Warrants, except that in each case they shall represent the right to acquire shares of Pubco Common Stock
in lieu of Purchaser Ordinary Shares. At or prior to the Effective Time, Pubco shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve for
future issuance, and shall maintain such reservation for so long as any of the Pubco Public Warrants or Pubco Private Warrants remain
outstanding, a sufficient number of shares of Pubco Common Stock for delivery upon the exercise of such Pubco Public Warrants or Pubco
Private Warrants, as applicable.

(d)Treasury Shares. At the Effective Time, if there are any shares of the Purchaser that are owned by the Purchaser as treasury
shares or by any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Purchaser, such shares shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion
thereof or payment therefor.

(e)Purchaser Merger Sub Ordinary Shares. At the Effective Time, each Purchaser Merger Sub Ordinary Share issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into an equal number of ordinary shares of Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary,
with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and shall constitute the only issued and outstanding shares of
Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary.

1.10Effect of Company Merger on Issued Securities of the Company and Company Merger Sub. At the Effective Time, by virtue of
the Company Merger and without any action on the part of any Party or the holders of securities of any Party:

(a)Company Interests. At the Effective Time, each Company Interest issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than the Company Interests described in Section 1.10(b) below) will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for
the right to receive the Pro Rata Stock Consideration and the Pro Rata Cash Consideration as described in Section 1.8. As of the
Effective Time, each holder of Company Interests shall cease to have any other rights with respect to the Company Interests, except as
otherwise required under applicable Law.

5

(b)Treasury Interests. At the Effective Time, if there are any equity securities of the Company that are owned by the Company
in treasury immediately prior to the Effective Time, such equity interests (collectively, the Excluded Interests)
shall be canceled and shall cease to exist without any conversion thereof or payment therefor.

(c)Company Convertible Securities. Any outstanding Company Convertible Security, if not exercised or converted prior to the
Effective Time, shall be cancelled, retired and terminated and cease to represent a right to acquire, be exchanged for or convert into
Company Interests.

(d)Company Merger Sub Interests. At the Effective Time, each membership interest of Company Merger Sub outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into an equal number of membership interests of Company Surviving Subsidiary, with the
same rights, powers and privileges as the membership interests so converted and shall constitute the only equity interests in Company
Surviving Subsidiary.

1.11Effect of Mergers on Issued and Outstanding Securities of Pubco. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Mergers and without
any action on the part of any Party or the holders of securities of any Party, all of the shares of Pubco issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof or payment therefor.

1.12Exchange Procedures.

(a)Pubco, the Purchaser and the Company shall appoint Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company or another mutually agreeable
bank or trust company, to act as exchange agent (Exchange Agent) for the distribution of the Merger Consideration
to the Sellers pursuant to this Section 1.12 and an exchange agent agreement in form and substance mutually agreeable to the Purchaser
and the Company.

(b)As soon as reasonably practicable after the SEC Approval Date, the Company will, or will cause the Exchange Agent to, deliver to
each Seller a letter of transmittal (and any instructions related thereto) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser
and the Company (the Letter of Transmittal) to be completed and executed by such Person. The Letter of Transmittal
will contain, among other things, customary representations of each Seller, including due authority, valid ownership, title and interest,
absence of encumbrances (other than Permitted Liens set forth on Schedule 5.17), a general release and waiver for any pre-Closing
claims against the Parties and ability to engage in the Transactions.

(c)Immediately prior to the Effective Time, (i) Pubco will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Exchange Agent a number of shares
of Pubco Common Stock equal to the Aggregate Stock Consideration to be issued to the Sellers at Closing and (ii) the Purchaser will deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Exchange Agent an amount of cash equal to the Aggregate Cash Consideration to be distributed to the Sellers
at Closing. The Exchange Agent will be deemed to be the agent for the Sellers for the purpose of receiving the Merger Consideration, and
delivery of the Aggregate Cash Consideration and Aggregate Stock Consideration to the Exchange Agent will be deemed to be delivery to
the Sellers at the Effective Time, with respect to the Merger Consideration. Until they are distributed, the shares of Pubco Common Stock
held by the Exchange Agent will be deemed to be outstanding from and after the Effective Time but the Exchange Agent will not vote those
shares or exercise any rights of a stockholder with regard to such shares. If any dividends or distributions are paid with respect to
shares of Pubco Common Stock while they are held by the Exchange Agent, the Exchange Agent will hold the dividends or distributions, uninvested,
until shares of Pubco Common Stock are distributed to the applicable Sellers, at which time the Exchange Agent will distribute the dividends
or distributions that have been paid with regard to those shares of Pubco Common Stock to such former Sellers.

6

(d)Each Seller shall be entitled to receive from the Exchange Agent (i) the Pro Rata Stock Consideration via electronic book entry
and (ii) the Pro Rata Cash Consideration, in each case, to which such Seller is entitled under Section 1.8 in respect of each Sellers
Company Interests, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time but subject to the delivery by each Seller to the Exchange
Agent of the following items (collectively, the Transmittal Documents): (i) a properly completed and duly
executed Letter of Transmittal, (ii) a spousal consent and (iii) such other documents as may be reasonably required by Pubco and the Company.

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no fraction of a share of Pubco Common Stock will be issued by Pubco
by virtue of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and each Person who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of
a share of Pubco Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Pubco Common Stock that otherwise would be received by such
holder) shall instead have the number of shares of Pubco Common Stock issued to such Person rounded down in the aggregate to the nearest
whole share of Pubco Common Stock.

1.13Tax Consequences. It is intended by the Parties that the Mergers shall, collectively, constitute a transaction described
in Section 351 of the Code.

1.14Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary with all the rights, property of every
description including choses in action, and the business, undertaking, goodwill, benefits, immunities and privileges of each of the Purchaser
and the Purchaser Merger Sub, or Company Surviving Subsidiary with full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, agreements,
privileges, powers and franchises of Company Merger Sub, the then current officers and directors of Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary and
Pubco, and the then officers and the then managers of Company Surviving Subsidiary shall take all such lawful and necessary action, so
long as such action is not inconsistent with this Agreement and the Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger.

Article
II

CLOSING

2.1Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take place at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman
& Schole, LLP (EGS), counsel to the Purchaser, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105, on a date
and at a time to be agreed upon by the Purchaser and the Company, which date shall be no later than the second (2nd) Business
Day after all the Closing conditions to this Agreement have been satisfied or waived, or at such other date, time or place (including
remotely) as the Purchaser and the Company may agree (the date and time at which the Closing is actually held being the Closing
Date).

7

Article
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER

Except as set forth in (i)
the disclosure schedules delivered by the Purchaser to the Company on the date hereof (the Purchaser Disclosure Schedules),
the Section numbers of which are numbered to correspond to the Section numbers of this Agreement to which they refer, or (ii) the SEC
Reports that are available on the SECs website through EDGAR, the Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company, as follows:

3.1Organization and Standing. The Purchaser is an exempted company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the Cayman Islands. The Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as now being conducted. The Purchaser is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business in
each jurisdiction in which the character of the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it
makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or in good standing can be cured
without material cost or expense. The Purchaser has heretofore made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of its Organizational
Documents, as currently in effect. The Purchaser is not in violation of any provision of its Organizational Documents in any material
respect.

3.2Authorization; Binding Agreement. The Purchaser has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party, to perform the Purchasers obligations hereunder and thereunder and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, subject to obtaining the Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby (a) have been duly and validly authorized by the board of directors of the Purchaser and (b) other than the Required
Purchaser Shareholder Approval, no other corporate proceedings, other than as set forth elsewhere in the Agreement, on the part of the
Purchaser are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and each Ancillary Document to which the Purchaser
is a party shall be when delivered, duly and validly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery of this Agreement and such Ancillary Documents by the other parties hereto and thereto, constitutes, or when delivered shall
constitute, the valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except
to the extent that enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and moratorium laws and
other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by any applicable statute of limitation
or by any valid defense of set-off or counterclaim, and the fact that equitable remedies or relief (including the remedy of specific performance)
are subject to the discretion of the court from which such relief may be sought (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions).

3.3Governmental Approvals. Except as otherwise described on Schedule 3.3, no Consent of or with any Governmental Authority,
on the part of the Purchaser is required to be obtained or made in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Purchaser
of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party or the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, other than (a) pursuant to Antitrust Laws, (b) such filings as contemplated by this Agreement, (c) any filings required
with NYSE or the SEC with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (d) applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, and/ or any state blue sky securities Laws, and the rules and regulations thereunder and (e) where
the failure to obtain or make such Consents or to make such filings or notifications, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Purchaser.

8

3.4Non-Contravention. Except as otherwise described on Schedule 3.4, the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of
this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party, the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, and compliance by the Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof and thereof, will not (a) conflict with or violate
any provision of the Purchasers Organizational Documents, (b) contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of any
provisions of Law or Order binding upon or applicable to the Purchaser, (c) subject to obtaining the Consents from Governmental Authorities
referred to in Section 3.3 hereof, and the waiting periods referred to therein having expired, and any condition precedent
to such Consent or waiver having been satisfied, conflict with or violate any Law, Order or Consent applicable to the Purchaser or any
of its properties or assets, or (d) (i) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of, (ii) constitute a default (or an event which,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, (iii) result in the termination, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation
or modification of, (iv) accelerate the performance required by the Purchaser under, (v) result in a right of termination or acceleration
under, (vi) give rise to any obligation to make payments or provide compensation under, (vii) result in the creation of any Lien upon
any of the properties or assets of the Purchaser under, (viii) give rise to any obligation to obtain any third party Consent or provide
any notice to any Person or (ix) give any Person the right to declare a default, exercise any remedy, claim a rebate, chargeback, penalty
or change in delivery schedule, accelerate the maturity or performance, cancel, terminate or modify any right, benefit, obligation or
other term under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, any Purchaser Material Contract, except for any deviations from any of
the foregoing clauses (c) or (d) that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser.

3.5Capitalization.

(a)The Purchasers authorized share capital is $55,100, comprised of: (i) 550,000,000 Purchaser Ordinary Shares, consisting
of 500,000,000 Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of which 17,000,000 Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares are
issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and 50,000,000 Purchaser Class B Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
of which 4,250,000 Purchaser Class B Ordinary Shares are issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, and (ii) 1,000,000 Purchaser
Preference Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement. All outstanding
Purchaser Securities are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and are not subject to or issued in violation
of any purchase option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right under any provision of the Act,
the Purchasers Organizational Documents or any Contract to which the Purchaser is a party. None of the outstanding Purchaser Securities
has been issued in violation of any applicable securities Laws.

(b)Except as set forth on Schedule 3.5(a) or Schedule 3.5(b) there are no (i) outstanding options, warrants, puts, calls,
convertible securities, preemptive or similar rights, (ii) bonds, debentures, notes or other Indebtedness having general voting rights
or that are convertible or exchangeable into securities having such rights or (iii) subscriptions or other rights, agreements, arrangements,
Contracts or commitments of any character (other than this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents), (A) relating to the issued or unissued
shares of the Purchaser or (B) obligating the Purchaser to issue, transfer, deliver or sell or cause to be issued, transferred, delivered,
sold or repurchased any options or shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares, or (C) obligating the Purchaser
to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, subscription or other right, agreement, arrangement or commitment for such
capital shares. Other than the Redemption or as expressly set forth in this Agreement, there are no outstanding obligations of the Purchaser
to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of the Purchaser or to provide funds to make any investment (in the form of a loan,
capital contribution or otherwise) in any Person. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.5(b), there are no shareholders agreements,
voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which the Purchaser is a party with respect to the voting of any shares of the
Purchaser.

9

(c)All Indebtedness of the Purchaser as of the date of this Agreement is disclosed on Schedule 3.5(c). No Indebtedness of the
Purchaser contains any restriction upon (i) the prepayment of any of such Indebtedness, (ii) the incurrence of Indebtedness by the Purchaser
or (iii) the ability of the Purchaser to grant any Lien on its properties or assets.

(d)Since the date of formation of the Purchaser, and except as contemplated by this Agreement, the Purchaser has not declared or paid
any distribution or dividend in respect of its shares and has not repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired any of its shares, and the
Purchasers board of directors has not authorized any of the foregoing.

3.6SEC Filings and Purchaser Financials.

(a)The Purchaser, since the IPO, has filed all forms, reports, schedules, statements, registration statements, prospectuses and other
documents required to be filed or furnished by the Purchaser with the SEC under the Securities Act and/or the Exchange Act, together with
any amendments, restatements or supplements thereto, and will file all such forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents
required to be filed subsequent to the date of this Agreement and the Purchaser has not taken any action prohibited by Section 402 of
SOX regarding this Section 3.6(a). Except to the extent available on the SECs web site through EDGAR, the Purchaser has
delivered to the Company copies in the form filed with the SEC of all of the following: (i) the Purchasers annual reports on Form
10-K for each fiscal year of the Purchaser beginning with the first year the Purchaser was required to file such a form, (ii) the Purchasers
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for each fiscal quarter that the Purchaser filed such reports to disclose its quarterly financial results
in each of the fiscal years of the Purchaser referred to in clause (i) above, (iii) all other forms, reports, registration statements,
prospectuses and other documents (other than preliminary materials) filed by the Purchaser with the SEC since the beginning of the first
fiscal year referred to in clause (i) above (the forms, reports, registration statements, prospectuses and other documents referred to
in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, whether or not available through EDGAR, are, collectively, the SEC Reports)
and (iv) all certifications and statements required by (A) Rules 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act, and (B) 18 U.S.C. 1350
(Section 906 of SOX) with respect to any report referred to in clause (i) above (collectively, the Public Certifications).
As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports (x) were prepared in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations thereunder and (y) did not, as of their respective effective
dates (in the case of SEC Reports that are registration statements filed pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act) and at the
time they were filed with the SEC (in the case of all other SEC Reports) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement, (A) the Purchaser Public Units, the Purchaser Class A Ordinary
Shares, and the Purchaser Public Warrants are listed on NYSE, (B) the Purchaser has not received any written deficiency notice from NYSE
relating to the continued listing requirements of such Purchaser Securities, (C) there are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Purchaser, threatened against the Purchaser by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority with respect to any intention by such entity
to suspend, prohibit or terminate the quoting of such Purchaser Securities on NYSE, (D) such Purchaser Securities are in compliance with
all of the applicable corporate governance rules of NYSE and (E) there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received
from the SEC with respect to any SEC Reports.

10

(b)The Purchaser maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rules 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act; such
controls and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that all material information concerning the Purchaser and other material information
required to be disclosed by the Purchaser in the reports and other documents that it files or furnishes under the Exchange Act is made
known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Purchasers SEC filings and other public disclosure
documents.

(c)The financial statements and notes of the Purchaser contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports (the Purchaser
Financials), fairly present in all material respects the financial position and the results of operations, changes in shareholders
equity, and cash flows of the Purchaser at the respective dates of and for the periods referred to in such financial statements, all in
accordance with (i) GAAP methodologies applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved and (ii) Regulation S-X or Regulation
S-K, as applicable (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and for the omission of notes and audit adjustments in the case of
unaudited quarterly financial statements to the extent permitted by Regulation S-X or Regulation S-K, as applicable).

(d)Except to the extent reflected or reserved against in the Purchaser Financials, the Purchaser has not incurred any Liabilities
or obligations of the type required to be reflected on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP that are not adequately reflected or reserved
on or provided for in the Purchaser Financials, other than Liabilities of the type required to be reflected on a balance sheet in accordance
with GAAP that have been incurred since the Purchasers formation in the ordinary course of business. The Purchaser has no off-sheet
balance sheet arrangements.

(e)There are no outstanding loans or other extensions of credit made by the Purchaser to any executive officer (as defined in Rule
3b-7 under the Exchange Act) or director of the Purchaser.

3.7Absence of Certain Changes. As of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth on Schedule 3.7, the Purchaser
has, (a) since its formation, conducted no business other than its formation, the public offering of its securities (and the related private
offerings), public reporting and its search for an initial Business Combination as described in the IPO Prospectus (including the investigation
of the Company and the negotiation and execution of this Agreement) and related activities and (b) since September 30, 2024 through the
date of this Agreement, not been subject to a Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser.

3.8Compliance with Laws. The Purchaser is, and has since its formation been, in compliance with all Laws applicable to it and
the conduct of its business except for such noncompliance which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Purchaser, and the Purchaser has not received written notice alleging any violation of applicable Law in any material respect by the
Purchaser.

3.9Actions; Orders; Permits. There is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened material Action to which
the Purchaser is subject which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser. There is no material Action
that the Purchaser has pending against any other Person. The Purchaser is not subject to any material Orders of any Governmental Authority,
nor are any such Orders pending. The Purchaser holds all material Permits necessary to lawfully conduct its business as presently conducted,
and to own, lease and operate its assets and properties, all of which are in full force and effect, except where the failure to hold such
Consent or for such Consent to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser.

11

3.10Taxes and Returns.

(a)The Purchaser has timely filed, or caused to be timely filed, all material Tax Returns required to be filed by it, which Tax Returns
are accurate and complete in all material respects, and has paid, collected or withheld, or caused to be paid, collected or withheld,
all material Taxes required to be paid, collected or withheld, other than such Taxes for which adequate reserves in the Purchaser Financials
have been established in accordance with GAAP. Schedule 3.10(a) sets forth each jurisdiction where the Purchaser files or is required
to file a Tax Return. There are no audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings pending against the Purchaser in respect
of any Tax, and the Purchaser has not been notified in writing of any proposed Tax claims or assessments against the Purchaser (other
than, in each case, claims or assessments for which adequate reserves in the Purchaser Financials have been established in accordance
with GAAP or are immaterial in amount). There are no Liens with respect to any Taxes upon any of the Purchasers assets, other than
Permitted Liens. The Purchaser has no outstanding waivers or extensions of any applicable statute of limitations to assess any material
amount of Taxes. There are no outstanding requests by the Purchaser for any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return or within
which to pay any Taxes shown to be due on any Tax Return. The Purchaser has complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws
relating to Tax. There is no Action currently pending or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened against the Purchaser by a Governmental
Authority in a jurisdiction where the Purchaser does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.
The Purchaser is not being audited by any Tax authority or has been notified in writing or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, orally
by any Tax authority that any such audit is contemplated or pending. The Purchaser does not have any Liability or potential Liability
for the Taxes of another Person that is not adequately reflected in the Purchaser Financials (i) under any applicable Tax Law, (ii) as
a transferee or successor, or (iii) by Contract, indemnity or otherwise (excluding commercial agreements entered into in the ordinary
course of business the primary purpose of which is not the sharing of Taxes). The Purchaser is not a party to or bound by any Tax indemnity
agreement, Tax sharing agreement or Tax allocation agreement or similar agreement, arrangement or practice (excluding commercial agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of business the primary purpose of which is not the sharing of Taxes) with respect to Taxes (including
advance pricing agreement, closing agreement or other agreement relating to Taxes with any Governmental Authority) that will be binding
on the Purchaser or Pubco with respect to any period following the Closing Date. The Purchaser has not requested, nor is it the subject
of or bound by any private letter ruling, technical advice memorandum, closing agreement or similar ruling, memorandum or agreement with
any Governmental Authority with respect to any Taxes, nor is any such request outstanding.

(b)Since the date of its incorporation, the Purchaser has not (i) changed any Tax accounting methods, policies or procedures except
as required by a change in Law, (ii) made, revoked, or amended any material Tax election, (iii) filed any amended Tax Returns or claim
for refund or (iv) entered into any closing agreement affecting or otherwise settled or compromised any material Tax Liability or refund.

(c)To the Knowledge of the Purchaser, there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to prevent the Mergers
from qualifying as an exchange described in Section 351 of the Code.

(d)There will be no Taxes due or payable by or on behalf of the Purchaser or Pubco in connection with or resulting from the Redemption.

3.11Employees and Employee Benefit Plans. The Purchaser does not (a) have any paid employees or (b) maintain, sponsor, contribute
to or otherwise have any Liability under, any Benefit Plans.

3.12Properties. The Purchaser does not own, license or otherwise have any right, title or interest in any material Intellectual
Property. The Purchaser does not own or lease any material real property or material Personal Property.

3.13Material Contracts.

(a)Except as set forth on Schedule 3.13(a), other than this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, there are no Contracts to
which the Purchaser is a party or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound, subject or affected, which creates or imposes
a Liability greater than $250,000 (each, a Purchaser Material Contract). All Purchaser Material Contracts
have been made available to the Company other than those that are exhibits to the SEC Reports.

12

(b)With respect to each Purchaser Material Contract: (i) the Purchaser Material Contract was entered into at arms length and
in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the Purchaser Material Contract is legal, valid, binding and enforceable in all material respects
against the Purchaser and, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, the other parties thereto, and is in full force and effect (except, in each
case, as such enforcement may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions), (iii) the Purchaser is not in breach or default in any material
respect, and no event has occurred that with the passage of time or giving of notice or both would constitute such a breach or default
in any material respect by the Purchaser, or permit termination or acceleration by the other party, under such Purchaser Material Contract,
and (iv) to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, no other party to any Purchaser Material Contract is in breach or default in any material
respect, and no event has occurred that with the passage of time or giving of notice or both would constitute such a breach or default
by such other party, or permit termination or acceleration by the Purchaser under any Purchaser Material Contract.

3.14Transactions with Affiliates. Schedule 3.14 sets forth a true, correct and complete list of the Contracts and arrangements
that are in existence as of the date of this Agreement under which there are any existing or future Liabilities or obligations between
the Purchaser and any (a) present or former director, officer or employee or Affiliate of the Purchaser, or any immediate family member
of any of the foregoing, or (b) record or beneficial owner of more than ten percent (10%) of the Purchasers outstanding capital
stock as of the date hereof.

3.15Investment Company Act. The Purchaser is not an investment company or a Person directly or indirectly controlled
by or acting on behalf of an investment company, or required to register as an investment company, in each
case within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

3.16Finders and Brokers. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.16, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to
any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission from the Purchaser, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Purchaser.

3.17Certain Business Practices.

(a)Neither the Purchaser, nor, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, any of its Representatives acting on its behalf, has (i) used any
funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees, to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or violated any
provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or any other local or foreign anti-corruption or bribery Law, (iii) made any
other unlawful payment or (iv) since the formation of the Purchaser, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any unlawful gift
or similar benefit in any material amount to any customer, supplier, governmental employee or other Person who is or may be in a position
to help or hinder the Purchaser or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction.

(b)The operations of the Purchaser are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with money laundering statutes
in all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued,
administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority, and no Action involving the Purchaser with respect to the any of the foregoing
is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened.

13

(c)None of the Purchaser or any of its directors or officers, or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, any other Representative acting
on behalf of the Purchaser is currently (i) identified on the specially designated nationals or other blocked person list or otherwise
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC),
the U.S. Department of State, or other applicable Governmental Authority; (ii) organized, resident, or located in, or a national of a
comprehensively sanctioned country; or (iii) in the aggregate, fifty percent (50%) or greater owned, directly or indirectly, or otherwise
controlled, by a person identified in (i) or (ii); and the Purchaser has not, directly or indirectly, used any funds, or loaned, contributed
or otherwise made available such funds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, in connection with any sales or operations
in any other country sanctioned by OFAC or for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to, or otherwise
in violation of, any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State in the last five (5) fiscal years.

3.18Insurance. Schedule 3.18 lists all insurance policies (by policy number, insurer, coverage period, coverage amount,
annual premium and type of policy) held by the Purchaser relating to the Purchaser or its business, properties, assets, directors, officers
and employees, copies of which have been provided to the Company. All such insurance policies are in full force and effect, and to the
Knowledge of the Purchaser, there is no threatened termination of, or material premium increase with respect to, any of such insurance
policies. There have been no insurance claims made by the Purchaser.

3.19Purchaser Trust Account. As of December 31, 2024, the Trust Account had a balance of $177,611,732.72. Such monies are invested
solely in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act or money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, and held in trust by the Trustee
pursuant to the Trust Agreement. The Trust Agreement is valid and in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with its terms
(subject to the Enforceability Exceptions) and has not been amended or modified. The Purchaser has complied in all material respects with
the terms of the Trust Agreement and is not in material breach thereof or material default thereunder and there does not exist under the
Trust Agreement any event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time, would constitute such a material breach or material default
by the Purchaser or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, by the Trustee. There are no separate contracts, agreements, side letters or other
agreements or understandings (whether written or unwritten, express or implied) between the Purchaser and the Trustee that would cause
the description of the Trust Agreement in the SEC Reports to be inaccurate in any material respect and/or that would entitle any Person
(other than the underwriters of the IPO, Public Shareholders who shall have elected to redeem their Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares
pursuant to the Purchaser Organizational Documents (or in connection with an extension of Purchasers deadline to consummate a Business
Combination) or Governmental Authorities for Taxes) to any portion of the proceeds in the Trust Account. Prior to the Closing, none of
the funds held in the Trust Account may be released except as described in the Trust Agreement and the IPO Prospectus. There are no Actions
pending or, to the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened with respect to the Trust Account.

3.20Independent Investigation. The Purchaser has conducted its own independent investigation, review and analysis of the business,
results of operations, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Company, and acknowledges that it has been provided
adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and data of the Company for such
purpose. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, it has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations and warranties of the Company set
forth in this Agreement (including the related portions of the Company Disclosure Schedules) and in any certificate delivered to Purchaser
pursuant hereto, and the information provided by or on behalf of the Company for the Registration Statement; and (b) neither the Company
nor its Representatives has made any representation or warranty as to the Company, or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in
this Agreement (including the related portions of the Company Disclosure Schedules) or in any certificate delivered to Purchaser pursuant
hereto, or with respect to the information provided by or on behalf of the Company for the Registration Statement.

14

3.21Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Purchaser
expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference: (a) in any current report on Form 8-K, and any exhibits thereto or any other report,
form, registration or other filing made with any Governmental Authority or stock exchange with respect to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any Ancillary Documents; (b) in the Registration Statement; or (c) in the mailings or other distributions to the
Purchasers shareholders and/or prospective investors with respect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or in any amendment to any of documents identified in (a) through (c), will, when filed, made available, mailed or distributed,
as the case may be, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading (provided,
if such information is revised by any subsequently filed amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement prior to the time the Registration
Statement is declared effective by the SEC, this clause (a) shall solely refer to the time of such subsequent revision or supplement).
None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Purchaser expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference in any of the
Signing Press Release, the Signing Filing, the Closing Press Release and the Closing Filing will, when filed or distributed, as applicable,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Purchaser makes no representation, warranty or covenant with respect to any information supplied by or on behalf of the Company or
its Affiliates.

Article
IV [RESERVED]

Article
V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the
disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to the Purchaser on the date hereof (the Company Disclosure Schedules),
the Section numbers of which are numbered to correspond to the Section numbers of this Agreement to which they refer, the Company hereby
represents and warrants to the Purchaser, as follows:

5.1Organization and Standing. The Company is a limited liability company duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the State of Texas and has all requisite limited liability power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Each Subsidiary of the Company is a corporation or other entity duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has all requisite corporate or limited liability
company power and authority, as applicable, to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
The Company is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing in the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or registered and in each
other jurisdiction where it does business or operates to the extent that the character of the property owned, or leased or operated by
it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified
or licensed or in good standing can be cured without material cost or expense. Schedule 5.1 lists all jurisdictions in which the
Company is qualified to conduct business and all names other than its legal name under which the Company does business. The Company has
provided to the Purchaser accurate and complete copies of its Organizational Documents and the Organizational Documents of each of its
Subsidiaries, each as amended to date and as currently in effect. The Company is not in violation of any provision of its Organizational
Documents.

15

5.2Authorization; Binding Agreement. The Company has all requisite limited liability company power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is or is required to be a party, to perform the Companys obligations
hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, subject to obtaining the Required Company
Member Approval. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which the Company is or is required to be
a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by the Required
Company Member Approval in accordance with the Company Operating Agreement, the TBOC, any other applicable Law or any Contract to which
the Company or any of its equity holders is a party or by which it or its securities are bound, and no other corporate proceedings on
the part of the Company are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it
is a party or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and each Ancillary Document to
which the Company is or is required to be a party has been or shall be when delivered, duly and validly executed and delivered by the
Company and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and any such Ancillary Document by the other parties
hereto and thereto, constitutes, or when delivered shall constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. The Seller Support Agreements delivered by
the Company include holders of Company Interests representing at least the Required Company Member Approval, and such Seller Support Agreements
are in full force and effect.

5.3Capitalization.

(a)All of the issued and outstanding Company Interests are set forth on Schedule 5.3(a), along with the beneficial and record
owners thereof, all of which Company Interests and other equity interests are owned free and clear of any Liens other than the Permitted
Liens set forth on Schedule 5.17(a) and those imposed under the Company Operating Agreement. The issued and outstanding Company
Interests constitute all of the outstanding equity interests of the Company. All of the outstanding Company Interests and other equity
interests of the Company have been duly authorized, are fully paid and non-assessable and not in violation of any purchase option, right
of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right under any provision of the TBOC, any other applicable Law,
the Company Operating Agreement or any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which it or its securities are bound. The Company
does not directly or indirectly hold any Company Interests or other equity interests of the Company in its treasury. All of the Companys
securities have been granted, offered, sold and issued in compliance with all applicable securities Laws. The rights, privileges and preferences
of the Company Interests are as stated in the Company Operating Agreement and as provided by the TBOC.

(b)There are no Company Convertible Securities, or preemptive rights or rights of first refusal or first offer, nor are there any
Contracts, commitments, arrangements or restrictions to which the Company or any of its equity holders is a party or bound relating to
any equity securities of the Company, whether or not outstanding. There are no issued, reserved for issuance, outstanding or authorized
option, restricted unit award, restricted interest award, profits interest, profit participation, equity appreciation, phantom equity,
or equity-based award or similar rights with respect to the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.3(b), there are no voting
trusts, proxies, shareholder agreements or any other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting of the Companys equity
interests. Except as set forth in the Company Operating Agreement, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any equity interests or securities of the Company, nor has the Company granted any registration
rights to any Person with respect to the Companys equity securities. All of the Companys securities have been granted, offered,
sold and issued in compliance with all applicable securities Laws. As a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, no equity interests of the Company are issuable and no rights in connection with any interests, warrants, rights, options
or other securities of the Company accelerate or otherwise become triggered (whether as to vesting, exercisability, convertibility or
otherwise).

16

(c)Since January 1, 2024, the Company has not declared or paid any distribution or dividend in respect of its equity interests and
has not repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired any equity interests of the Company, and the members of the Company have not authorized
any of the foregoing.

5.4Subsidiaries. The Company does not have, and has never had, any Subsidiaries.

5.5Governmental Approvals. Except as otherwise described on Schedule 5.5, no Consent of or with any Governmental Authority
on the part of the Company is required to be obtained or made in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Company
of this Agreement or any Ancillary Documents or the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other
than (a) such filings as are expressly contemplated by this Agreement or (b) pursuant to Antitrust Laws.

5.6Non-Contravention. Except as otherwise described on Schedule 5.6, the execution and delivery by the Company of this
Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which the Company is or is required to be a party or otherwise bound, and the consummation by
the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance by the Company with any of the provisions hereof and thereof,
will not (a) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys Organizational Documents, (b) subject to obtaining the Consents
from Governmental Authorities referred to in Section 5.5 hereof, the waiting periods referred to therein having expired, and any
condition precedent to such Consent or waiver having been satisfied, conflict with or violate any Law, Order or Consent applicable to
the Company or any of its material properties or assets, or (c) (i) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of, (ii) constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, (iii) result in the termination,
withdrawal, suspension, cancellation or modification of, (iv) accelerate the performance required by the Company under, (v) result in
a right of termination or acceleration under, (vi) give rise to any obligation to make payments or provide compensation under, (vii) result
in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, (viii) give rise to any obligation to obtain any third
party Consent or provide any notice to any Person or (ix) give any Person the right to declare a default, exercise any remedy, claim a
rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in delivery schedule, accelerate the maturity or performance, cancel, terminate or modify any right,
benefit, obligation or other term under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Company Material Contract.

5.7Financial Statements.

(a)True and correct copies of the (i) reviewed financial statements of the Company as of and for each of the twelve (12) months ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, consisting of the reviewed balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2023 and the related reviewed income statement, changes in members equity and statement of cash flows for each of the applicable
twelve (12) months then ended, and (ii) unaudited financial statements of the Company for the ten (10) months ended October 31, 2024,
consisting of the unaudited balance sheet balance sheet of the Company for the ten (10) months ended October 31, 2024 and the related
unaudited income statement, and, in each case, the related notes thereto (the Unaudited Financials), have
been provided to the Purchaser. The Unaudited Financials (including the notes thereto) (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied
on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and (ii) fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company, as at the date thereof and for the
period indicated therein, except as otherwise specifically noted therein.

17

(b)The Company maintains accurate books and records reflecting its assets and Liabilities and maintains proper and adequate internal
accounting controls that provide reasonable assurance that (i) the Company does not maintain any off-the-book accounts and that the Companys
assets are used only in accordance with the Companys management directives, (ii) transactions are executed with managements
authorization, (iii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements of the Company and to maintain
accountability for the Companys assets, (iv) access to the Companys assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
authorization, (v) the reporting of the Companys assets is compared with existing assets at regular intervals and verified for
actual amounts, and (vi) accounts, notes and other receivables and inventory are recorded accurately, and proper and adequate procedures
are implemented to effect the collection of accounts, notes and other receivables on a current and timely basis. All of the financial
books and records of the Company are complete and accurate in all material respects and have been maintained in the ordinary course consistent
with past practice and in accordance with applicable Laws. The Company has not been subject to or involved in any material fraud that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company. In
the past five (5) years, neither the Company nor its Representatives has received any written complaint, allegation, assertion or claim
regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or its internal accounting controls,
including any material written complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that the Company has engaged in questionable accounting or auditing
practices.

(c)The Company does not have any Indebtedness other than the Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 5.7(c), which schedule sets
forth the amounts (including principal and any accrued but unpaid interest or other obligations) with respect to such Indebtedness. Except
as disclosed on Schedule 5.7(c), no Indebtedness of the Company contains any restriction upon (i) the prepayment of any of such
Indebtedness, (ii) the incurrence of Indebtedness by the Company, or (iii) the ability of the Company to grant any Lien on its properties
or assets.

(d)The Company is not subject to any Liabilities or obligations (whether or not required to be reflected on a balance sheet prepared
in accordance with GAAP), except for those that are either (i) adequately reflected or reserved on or provided for in the balance sheet
of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 and contained in the Company Financials or (ii) not material and that were
incurred after October 31, 2024 in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (other than Liabilities for breach of
any Contract or violation of any Law).

(e)All accounts, notes and other receivables, whether or not accrued, and whether or not billed, of the Company (the Accounts
Receivable) arose from sales actually made or services actually performed in the ordinary course of business and represent
valid obligations to the Company arising from its business.

5.8Absence of Certain Changes. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.8, since December 31, 2023, the Company has (a) conducted
its business only in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (b) not been subject to a Material Adverse Effect
and (c) has not taken any action or committed or agreed to take any action that would be prohibited by Section 6.2(b) (without
giving effect to Schedule 6.2) if such action were taken on or after the date hereof without the consent of the Purchaser.

5.9Compliance with Laws.

(a)Since January 1, 2022, the Company is not, and has not been, in material conflict or material non-compliance with, or in material
default or violation of, nor has the Company received, since January 1, 2022, any written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral notice
of any material conflict or non-compliance with, or material default or violation of, any applicable Laws by which it or any of its properties,
assets, employees, business or operations are or were bound or affected.

18

(b)The Company is not, and has not been, in material conflict or material non-compliance with, or in material default or violation
of, nor has the Company received any written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral notice of any material conflict or non-compliance
with, or material default or violation of, any Law applicable to the import, export, manufacture,
use, transportation, possession, or transfer of firearms or other defense articles, including without limitation, the Gun Control Act
of 1968 (chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code), the National Firearms Act of 1934 (chapter 53 of title 26, United States Code),
and the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778), as well as all implementing regulations thereto (collectively, the Firearms
Regulations).

5.10Company Permits.

(a)The Company (and its employees who are legally required to be licensed by a Governmental Authority in order to perform his or her
duties with respect to his or her employment with the Company), holds all Permits necessary to lawfully conduct in all material respects
its business as presently conducted, and to own, lease and operate its assets and properties (collectively, the Company Permits).
The Company has made available to the Purchaser true, correct and complete copies of all material Company Permits, all of which material
Company Permits are listed on Schedule 5.10(a). All of the Company Permits are in full force and effect, and no suspension or cancellation
of any of the Company Permits is pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened. The Company is not in violation in any material
respect of the terms of any Company Permit, and the Company has not received any written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral notice
of any Actions relating to the revocation or modification, of any Company Permit.

(b)Each individual set forth on Schedule 5.10(b) has been designated by the Company as an individual possessing, directly or
indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Company insofar as they pertain to firearms
(a Responsible Person) and qualifies as a Responsible Person. No event has occurred, and no condition or circumstance
exists, that could result in the disqualification, revocation or modification of the status of the individuals set forth on Schedule
5.10(b) as Responsible Persons.

5.11Litigation. There is no (a) Action of any nature currently pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, and
no such Action has been brought or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened in the past five (5) years; or (b) Order now pending
or outstanding or that was rendered by a Governmental Authority in the past five (5) years, in either case of (a) or (b) by or against
the Company, its current or former directors, managers, officers or equity holders (provided, that any litigation involving the directors,
officers or equity holders of the Company must be related to the Companys business, equity securities or assets), its business,
equity securities or assets. The items listed on Schedule 5.11, if finally determined adversely to the Company, will not have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect upon the Company. In the past five (5) years, none of the current or
former officers, senior management, managers or directors of the Company have been charged with, indicted for, arrested for, or convicted
of any felony or any crime involving fraud.

19

5.12Material Contracts.

(a)Schedule 5.12(a) sets forth a true, correct and complete list of, and the Company has made available to the Purchaser (including
written summaries of oral Contracts), true, correct and complete copies of, each Contract to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company, or any of its properties or assets are bound or affected (each Contract required to be set forth on Schedule 5.12(a),
a Company Material Contract) that:

(i)contains covenants that limit the ability of the Company (A) to compete in any line of business or with any Person or in any
geographic area or to sell, or provide any service or product or solicit any Person, including any non-competition covenants, employee
and customer non-solicit covenants, exclusivity restrictions, rights of first refusal or most-favored pricing clauses or (B) to purchase
or acquire an interest in any other Person;

(ii)involves any joint venture, profit-sharing, partnership, limited liability company or other similar agreement or arrangement relating
to the formation, creation, operation, management or control of any partnership or joint venture (other than the Company Operating Agreement);

(iii)involves any exchange traded, over the counter or other swap, cap, floor, collar, futures contract, forward contract, option or
other derivative financial instrument or Contract, based on any commodity, security, instrument, asset, rate or index of any kind or nature
whatsoever, whether tangible or intangible, including currencies, interest rates, foreign currency and indices;

(iv)evidences Indebtedness (whether incurred, assumed, guaranteed or secured by any asset) of the Company having an outstanding principal
amount in excess of $25,000;

(v)involves the acquisition or disposition, directly or indirectly (by merger or otherwise), of assets with an aggregate value in
excess of $50,000 (other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) or shares or other equity interests of
the Company or another Person;

(vi)relates to any merger, consolidation or other business combination with any other Person or the acquisition or disposition of any
other entity or its business or material assets or the sale of the Company, its business or material assets;

(vii)by its terms, individually or with all related Contracts, resulted, during the twelve (12)-month period prior to the date hereof,
in aggregate payments or receipts to or by the Company under such Contract or Contracts of at least $50,000 or $100,000 in the aggregate;

(viii)is with any Top Customer or Top Supplier;

(ix)obligates the Company to provide continuing indemnification or a guarantee of obligations of a third party after the date hereof
in excess of $100,000;

(x)is between the Company and any directors, officers or employees of the Company (other than at-will employment arrangements with
employees entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), including all non-competition, severance and
indemnification agreements, or any Related Person;

(xi)obligates the Company to make any capital commitment or expenditure in excess of $50,000 (including pursuant to any joint venture);

(xii)relates to a material settlement entered into within three (3) years prior to the date of this Agreement or under which the Company
has outstanding obligations (other than customary confidentiality obligations);

20

(xiii)provides another Person (other than any manager, director or officer of the Company) with a power of attorney;

(xiv)relates to the development, ownership, licensing or use of any Intellectual Property by, to or from the Company, other than Off-the-Shelf
Software; or

(xv)that will be required to be filed with the Registration Statement under applicable SEC requirements or would otherwise be required
to be filed by the Company as an exhibit for a Form S-1 pursuant to Items 601(b)(1), (2), (4), (9) or (10) of Regulation S-K under the
Securities Act as if the Company was the registrant.

(b)With respect to each Company Material Contract: (i) such Company Material Contract is valid and binding and enforceable in all
respects against the Company party thereto and, to the Knowledge of the Company, each other party thereto, and is in full force and effect
(except, in each case, as such enforcement may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions), (ii) the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any Company Material Contract, (iii) the Company is not
in breach or default in any material respect, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred that with the passage of time
or giving of notice or both would constitute a material breach or default by the Company, or permit termination or acceleration by the
other party thereto, under such Company Material Contract; (iv) to the Knowledge of the Company, no other party to such Company Material
Contract is in breach or default in any material respect, and no event has occurred that with the passage of time or giving of notice
or both would constitute such a material breach or default by such other party, or permit termination or acceleration by the Company,
under such Company Material Contract; (v) the Company has not received written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral notice of an
intention by any party to any such Company Material Contract that provides for a continuing obligation by any party thereto to terminate
such Company Material Contract or amend the terms thereof, other than modifications in the ordinary course of business that do not adversely
affect the Company in any material respect; and (vi) the Company has not waived any material rights under any such Company Material Contract.

5.13Intellectual Property.

(a)Schedule 5.13(a)(i) sets forth: (i) any and all U.S. and foreign registered Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Internet
Assets and applications for registration of the same owned by the Company or otherwise used or held for use by the Company in which the
Company is the owner, applicant or assignee (Company Registered IP), specifying as to each item, as applicable:
(A) the nature of the item, including the title, (B) the owner of the item, (C) the jurisdictions in which the item is issued or registered
or in which an application for issuance or registration has been filed and (D) the issuance, registration or application numbers and dates
and (ii) all material unregistered Intellectual Property owned by the Company. Schedule 5.13(a)(ii) sets forth all Intellectual
Property licenses, sublicenses and other agreements or permissions (Company IP Licenses) (other than shrink
wrap, click wrap, and off the shelf software agreements and other agreements for Software commercially
available on reasonable terms to the public generally with license, maintenance, support and other fees of less than $50,000 per year
(collectively, Off-the-Shelf Software), which are not required to be listed, although such licenses are Company
IP Licenses as that term is used herein), under which the Company is a licensee or otherwise is authorized to use or practice any
Intellectual Property, and describes (A) the applicable Intellectual Property licensed, sublicensed or used and (B) any royalties, license
fees or other compensation due from the Company, if any. The Company owns, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), has
valid and enforceable rights in, and has the unrestricted right to use, sell, license, transfer or assign, all Company Registered IP and
material unregistered Intellectual Property currently owned and used by the Company. All Company Registered IP and material unregistered
Intellectual Property is owned exclusively by the Company without obligation to pay royalties, licensing fees or other fees, or otherwise
account to any third party with respect to such Company Registered IP, and the Company has recorded assignments of all Company Registered
IP with any applicable Intellectual Property offices or Governmental Authorities.

21

(b)The Company has a valid and enforceable license to use all Intellectual Property that is the subject of the Company IP Licenses
applicable to the Company. The Company IP Licenses include all of the licenses, sublicenses and other agreements or permissions necessary
to operate the Company as presently conducted. The Company has performed all obligations imposed on it in the Company IP Licenses, has
made all payments required to date, and the Company is not, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, is any other party thereto, in breach
or default thereunder, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, has any event occurred that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute
a default thereunder. To the Knowledge of the Company, the continued use by the Company of the Intellectual Property that is the subject
of the Company IP Licenses in the same manner that it is currently being used is not restricted by any applicable license of the Company.
Any and all registrations for Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks and Internet Assets that are owned by the Company are valid, in force and
in good standing with all required fees and maintenance and/or renewal fees having been paid with no Actions pending to the Knowledge
of the Company. The Company is not party to any Contract that requires the Company to assign to any Person all of its rights in any Intellectual
Property developed by the Company under such Contract.

(c)The Company is not a party to any licenses, sublicenses and other agreements or permissions under which the Company is the licensor
of any Intellectual Property.

(d)No Action is pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company that challenges the validity, enforceability,
ownership, or right to use, sell, license or sublicense, or that otherwise relates to, any Intellectual Property currently owned, licensed,
used or held for use by the Company, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, is there any reasonable basis for any such Action. Except as
described in Schedule 5.13(d), the Company has not received any written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral notice or claim asserting
or suggesting that any infringement, misappropriation, violation, dilution or unauthorized use of the Intellectual Property of any other
Person is or may be occurring or has or may have occurred, as a consequence of the business activities of the Company, nor to the Knowledge
of the Company is there a reasonable basis therefor. There are no Orders to which the Company is a party or its otherwise bound that (i)
restrict the rights of the Company to use, transfer, license or enforce any Intellectual Property owned by the Company, (ii) restrict
the conduct of the business of the Company in order to accommodate a third Persons Intellectual Property, or (iii) grant any third
Person any right with respect to any Intellectual Property owned by the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company is not currently
infringing, or has, in the past, infringed, misappropriated or violated any Intellectual Property of any other Person in any material
respect in connection with the ownership, use or license of any Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by the Company or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, otherwise in connection with the conduct of the business of the Company. Except as described in Schedule
5.13(d), to the Companys Knowledge, no third party is currently, or in the past five (5) years has been, infringing upon, misappropriating
or otherwise violating any Intellectual Property owned, licensed by, licensed to, or otherwise used or held for use by the Company (Company
IP) in any material respect.

(e)All Company IP was created by employees of the Company working within the scope of their employment, and as such, the Company is
the owner under law of such Company IP. No current or former officers, employees or independent contractors of the Company have claimed
any ownership interest in any Intellectual Property owned by the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, there has been no violation
of the Companys policies or practices related to protection of Company IP or any confidentiality or nondisclosure Contract relating
to the Intellectual Property owned by the Company. The Company has made available to the Purchaser true and complete copies of all written
Contracts referenced in subsections under which employees and independent contractors assigned their Intellectual Property to the Company.
To the Companys Knowledge, none of the employees of the Company is obligated under any Contract, or subject to any Order, that
would materially interfere with the use of such employees commercially reasonable efforts to promote the interests of the Company,
or that would materially conflict with the business of the Company as presently conducted or contemplated to be conducted. The Company
has taken reasonable security measures in order to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of the material Company IP.

22

(f)To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has obtained unauthorized access to third party information and data (including personally
identifiable information) in the possession of the Company, nor has there been any other material compromise of the security, confidentiality
or integrity of such information or data, and no written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral complaint relating to an improper use
or disclosure of, or a breach in the security of, any such information or data has been received by the Company.

(g)The consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in the material breach, material modification,
cancellation, termination, suspension of, or acceleration of any payments with respect to, or release of source code because of any Company
IP License. To the Knowledge of the Company, following the Closing, the Company shall be permitted to exercise, directly or indirectly
through its Subsidiaries, all of the Companys rights under such Contracts or Company IP Licenses to the same extent that the Company
would have been able to exercise had the transactions contemplated by this Agreement not occurred, without the payment of any additional
amounts or consideration other than ongoing fees, royalties or payments which the Company would otherwise be required to pay in the absence
of such transactions.

5.14Taxes and Returns.

(a)The Company has or will have timely filed, or caused to be timely filed, all federal, state, local and foreign income and other
material Tax Returns required to be filed by it (taking into account all available extensions), which Tax Returns are true, accurate,
correct and complete in all material respects, and has paid, or caused to be paid, all material Taxes required to be paid, other than
such Taxes for which adequate reserves in the Company Financials have been established. The Company has complied in all material respects
with all applicable Laws relating to Tax.

(b)There is no Action currently pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by a Governmental Authority
in a jurisdiction where the Company does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(c)Except as set forth on Schedule 5.14(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedules, the Company is not being audited by any Tax
authority or has been notified in writing or, to the Knowledge of the Company, orally by any Tax authority that any such audit is contemplated
or pending. There are no claims, assessments, audits, examinations, investigations or other Actions pending against the Company in respect
of any Tax, and the Company has not been notified in writing of any proposed Tax claims or assessments against it (other than, in each
case, claims or assessments for which adequate reserves in the Company Financials have been established).

(d)There are no Liens with respect to any Taxes upon the Companys assets, other than Permitted Liens.

23

(e)The Company has collected or withheld all Taxes in excess of $10,000 in the aggregate currently required to be collected or withheld
by it, and all such Taxes have been paid to the appropriate Governmental Authorities or set aside in appropriate accounts for future payment
when due.

(f)The Company does not have any outstanding waivers or extensions of any applicable statute of limitations to assess any amount of
Taxes. There are no outstanding requests by the Company for any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return or within which
to pay any Taxes shown to be due on any Tax Return.

(g)The Company has not made any change in accounting method (except as required by a change in Law) or received a ruling from, or
signed an agreement with, any taxing authority that would reasonably be expected to have a material impact on its Taxes following the
Closing.

(h)The Company has not participated in, or sold, distributed or otherwise promoted, any reportable transaction, as defined
in U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.6011-4.

(i)The Company does not have any Liability or potential Liability for the Taxes of another Person that is not adequately reflected
in the Company Financials (i) under any applicable Tax Law, (ii) as a transferee or successor, or (iii) by Contract, indemnity or otherwise
(excluding commercial agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business the primary purpose of which is not the sharing of Taxes).
The Company is not a party to or bound by any Tax indemnity agreement, Tax sharing agreement or Tax allocation agreement or similar agreement,
arrangement or practice (excluding commercial agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business the primary purpose which is
not the sharing of Taxes) with respect to Taxes (including advance pricing agreement, closing agreement or other agreement relating to
Taxes with any Governmental Authority) that will be binding on the Company with respect to any period following the Closing Date.

(j)The Company has not requested, nor is it the subject of or bound by any private letter ruling, technical advice memorandum, closing
agreement or similar ruling, memorandum or agreement with any Governmental Authority with respect to any Taxes, nor is any such request
outstanding.

(k)The Company is an S corporation within the meaning of Section 1361(a)(1) of the Code.

(l)To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to prevent the Mergers from
qualifying as an exchange described in Section 351 of the Code.

5.15Real Property. Schedule 5.15 contains a complete and accurate list of all premises currently leased or subleased
or otherwise used or occupied by the Company for the operation of the business of the Company, and of all current leases, lease guarantees,
agreements and documents related thereto, including all amendments, terminations and modifications thereof or waivers thereto (collectively,
the Company Real Property Leases), as well as the current annual rent and term under each Company Real Property
Lease. The Company has provided to the Purchaser a true and complete copy of each of the Company Real Property Leases, and in the case
of any oral Company Real Property Lease, a written summary of the material terms of such Company Real Property Lease. The Company Real
Property Leases are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms and are in full force and effect, subject to the Enforceability
Exceptions. No event has occurred which (whether with or without notice, lapse of time or both or the happening or occurrence of any other
event) would constitute a default on the part of the Company or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party under any of the Company
Real Property Leases, and the Company has not received notice of any such condition. The Company does not own and has never owned any
real property or any interest in real property (other than the leasehold interests in the Company Real Property Leases).

24

5.16Personal Property. There is no item of Personal Property which is currently owned, used or leased by the Company with a
book value or fair market value of greater than Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000). The operation of the Companys business
as it is now conducted or presently proposed to be conducted is not in any material respect dependent upon the right to use the Personal
Property of Persons other than the Company, except for such Personal Property that is owned, leased or licensed by or otherwise contracted
to the Company.

5.17Title to and Sufficiency of Assets. The Company has good and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest in or right
to use, all of its assets, free and clear of all Liens other than (a) Permitted Liens, (b) the rights of lessors under leasehold interests,
(c) Liens specifically identified on the most recent balance sheet included in the Company Financials and (d) Liens set forth on Schedule
5.17(a). The assets (including Intellectual Property rights and contractual rights) of the Company constitute all of the assets, rights
and properties that are used in the operation of the businesses of the Company as it is now conducted or that are used or held by the
Company for use in the operation of the business of the Company, and taken together, are adequate and sufficient for the operation of
the business of the Company as currently conducted.

5.18Employee Matters

(a)The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract covering any group of employees, labor organization
or other representative of any of the employees of the Company, and the Company has no Knowledge of any activities or proceedings of any
labor union or other party to organize or represent such employees. There has not occurred or, to the Knowledge of the Company, been threatened
any strike, slow-down, picketing, work-stoppage, or other similar labor activity with respect to any such employees. There are no unresolved
labor controversies (including unresolved employee, consultant or independent contractor claims, grievances and/or disputes, whether raised
internally with the Company or through a representative, including any harassment, age or other discrimination, or retaliation claims,
wage and hour claims, and any other claims arising under local, state or federal labor and employment laws), that are pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company and Persons employed by or providing services as independent contractors to the
Company. No current officer or employee of the Company has provided the Company written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral notice
of his or her plan to terminate his or her employment with the Company.

(b)The Company (i) is and for the last six (6) years has been in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws respecting
employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, legally-required trainings and notices, health and safety and
wages and hours, and other Laws relating to discrimination, harassment, retaliation, disability, labor relations, hours of work, payment
of wages and overtime wages, pay equity, immigration, workers compensation, working conditions, employee scheduling, occupational safety
and health, family and medical leave, and employee terminations, and has not received written or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral
notice that there is any pending Action involving unfair labor practices against the Company, (ii) is not liable for any material past
due arrears of wages or any material penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing, and (iii) is not liable for any material
payment to any Governmental Authority with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations
for employees, independent contractors or consultants (other than routine payments to be made in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice). There are no Actions pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company brought by or on
behalf of any applicant for employment, any current or former employee, any Person alleging to be a current or former employee, or any
Governmental Authority, relating to any such Law or regulation, or alleging breach of any express or implied contract of employment, wrongful
termination of employment, or alleging any other discriminatory, wrongful or tortious conduct in connection with the employment relationship.

25

(c)Schedule 5.18(c) hereto sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the date hereof of all employees of the Company showing
for each as of such date (i) the employees name, job title or description, employer, location, salary level (including any bonus,
commission, deferred compensation or other remuneration payable (other than any such arrangements under which payments are at the discretion
of the Company)), (ii) any bonus, commission or other remuneration other than salary paid during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023,
and (iii) any wages, salary, bonus, commission or other compensation due and owing to each employee during or for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.18(c), (A) no employee is a party to a written employment Contract with the
Company and each is employed at will, and (B) the Company has paid in full to all their employees all wages, salaries, commission,
bonuses and other compensation due to their employees, including overtime compensation, and the Company does not have any obligation or
Liability (whether or not contingent) with respect to severance payments to any such employees under the terms of any written or, to the
Companys Knowledge, oral agreement, or commitment or any applicable Law, custom, trade or practice. Except as set forth on Schedule
5.18(c), the Company employee has entered into the Companys standard form of employee non-disclosure, inventions and restrictive
covenants agreement with the Company (whether pursuant to a separate agreement or incorporated as part of such employees overall
employment agreement), a copy of which has been made available to the Purchaser by the Company.

(d)There are no independent contractors (including consultants) currently engaged by the Company.

(e)To the Knowledge of the Company, since January 1, 2024, the Company has investigated all workplace harassment (including sexual
harassment), discrimination, retaliation, and workplace violence written claims, if any, relating to current and/or former employees of
the Company or third parties who interacted with current and/or former employees of the Company. With respect to each such written claim
with merit, the Company has taken remedial action. Further, since January 1, 2024 no written allegations or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
oral allegations of sexual harassment have been made to the Company against any individual in his or her capacity as director or an executive
officer of the Company.

5.19Benefit Plans.

(a)Set forth on Schedule 5.19(a) is a true and complete list of each Benefit Plan of the Company (each, a Company
Benefit Plan). With respect to each Company Benefit Plan, there are no funded benefit obligations for which contributions
have not been made or properly accrued and there are no unfunded benefit obligations that have not been accounted for by reserves, or
otherwise properly footnoted in accordance with GAAP on the Company Financials. The Company is not, and has never in the past been, a
member of a controlled group for purposes of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code, nor does the Company have any
Liability with respect to any collectively-bargained for plans, whether or not subject to the provisions of ERISA. No statement, either
written or oral, has been made by the Company to any Person with regard to any Company Benefit Plan that was not in accordance with the
Company Benefit Plan in any material respect.

26

(b)Each Company Benefit Plan is and has been operated at all times in compliance with all applicable Laws in all material respects,
including ERISA and the Code. Each Company Benefit Plan which is intended to be qualified within the meaning of Section
401(a) of the Code (i) has been determined by the IRS to be so qualified (or is based on a prototype plan which has received a favorable
opinion letter) during the period from its adoption to the date of this Agreement and (ii) its related trust has been determined to be
exempt from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code or the Company has requested an initial favorable IRS determination of qualification
and/or exemption within the period permitted by applicable Law. No fact exists which could adversely affect the qualified status of such
Company Benefit Plans or the exempt status of such trusts.

(c)With respect to each Company Benefit Plan which covers any current or former officer, director, consultant or employee (or beneficiary
thereof) of the Company, the Company has provided to the Purchaser accurate and complete copies, if applicable, of: (i) all Company Benefit
Plan texts and agreements and related trust agreements or annuity Contracts (including any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto),
(ii) all summary plan descriptions and material modifications thereto, (iii) the three (3) most recent Forms 5500, if applicable, and
annual report, including all schedules thereto, (iv) the most recent annual and periodic accounting of plan assets, (v) the three (3)
most recent nondiscrimination testing reports, (vi) the most recent determination letter received from the IRS, if any, (vii) the most
recent actuarial valuation, and (viii) all material communications with any Governmental Authority.

(d)With respect to each Company Benefit Plan: (i) such Company Benefit Plan has been administered and enforced in all material respects
in accordance with its terms and all applicable Laws, including the Code and ERISA, (ii) no breach of fiduciary duty that could reasonably
be expected to result in Liability to the Company has occurred, (iii) no Action is pending, or to the Companys Knowledge, threatened
(other than routine claims for benefits arising in the ordinary course of administration), (iv) no prohibited transaction, as defined
in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred that could reasonably be likely to result in liability to the Company,
excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administration exemption; (v) no filing has been made with respect to any Company
Benefit Plan under any voluntary correction program; (vi) there has been no amendment to, written interpretation or announcement (whether
or not written) by the Company relating to, any change in participation or coverage under, any Company Benefit Plan that would materially
increase the expense of maintaining such Company Benefit Plan above the level of expense incurred with respect to such Company Benefit
Plan for the most recent full fiscal year included in the Company Financials; and (vii) all contributions and premiums due through the
Closing Date have been made in all material respects as required under all applicable Laws, including the Code and ERISA or have been
fully accrued in all material respects on the Company Financials.

(e)During the six (6) year period preceding the Effective Time, neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has maintained,
contributed to, sponsored, had an obligation to contribute to or any Liability, whether absolute or contingent, with respect to (i) a
defined benefit plan (as defined in Section 414(j) of the Code), (ii) a multiemployer plan (as defined in
Section 3(37) of ERISA) or (iii) a multiple employer plan (as described in Section 413(c) of the Code). No Company Benefit
Plan is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any Liability
or otherwise could have any Liability, contingent or otherwise, under Title IV of ERISA and no condition presently exists that is expected
to cause such Liability to be incurred. No Company Benefit Plan will become a multiple employer plan with respect to the Company immediately
after the Closing Date. The Company currently does not maintain and has never maintained, and is not required currently and has never
been required to contribute to or otherwise participate in, a multiple employer welfare arrangement or voluntary employees beneficiary
association as defined in Section 501(c)(9) of the Code.

27

(f)There is no arrangement under any Company Benefit Plan with respect to any employee that would result in the payment of any amount
that by operation of Sections 280G or 162(m) of the Code would not be deductible by the Company and no arrangement exists pursuant to
which the Company will be required to gross up or otherwise compensate any person because of the imposition of any excise
tax on a payment to such person.

(g)With respect to each Company Benefit Plan which is a welfare plan (as described in Section 3(1) of ERISA): (i) no
such plan provides medical or death benefits with respect to current or former employees of the Company beyond their termination of employment
(other than coverage mandated by Law, which is paid solely by such employees); and (ii) there are no reserves, assets, surplus or prepaid
premiums under any such plan. The Company has complied with the provisions of Section 601 et seq. of ERISA and Section 4980B, 4980D, 4980H,
6721 and 6722 of the Code.

(h)The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents will not: (i) entitle any individual
to severance pay, unemployment compensation or other benefits or compensation, (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or increase
the amount of any compensation due, or in respect of, any individual, or (iii) result in or satisfy a condition to the payment of compensation
that would, in combination with any other payment, result in an excess parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G
of the Code. The Company has not incurred any Liability for any Tax imposed under Chapter 43 of the Code or civil liability under Section
502(i) or (l) of ERISA.

(i)Except to the extent required by Section 4980B of the Code or similar state Law, the Company does not provide health or welfare
benefits to any former or retired employee or is obligated to provide such benefits to any active employee following such employees
retirement or other termination of employment or service.

(j)All Company Benefit Plans can be terminated at any time as of or after the Closing Date without resulting in any Liability to the
Surviving Subsidiaries or Pubco, or their respective Affiliates for any additional contributions, penalties, premiums, fees, fines, excise
taxes or any other charges or liabilities.

(k)Each Company Benefit Plan that is subject to Section 409A of the Code (each, a Section 409A Plan) as
of the Closing Date is indicated as such on Schedule 5.19(k). No equity-based awards have been issued or granted by the Company
that are, or are subject to, a Section 409A Plan. Each Section 409A Plan has been administered in compliance, and is in documentary compliance,
with the applicable provisions of Section 409A of the Code, the regulations thereunder and other official guidance issued thereunder.
The Company does not have any obligation to any employee or other service provider with respect to any Section 409A Plan that may be subject
to any Tax under Section 409A of the Code, and No payment to be made under any Section 409A Plan is, or to the Knowledge of the Company
will be, subject to the penalties of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. There is no Contract or plan to which the Company is a party or by
which it is bound to compensate any employee, consultant or director for any Taxes or interest imposed pursuant to Section 409A of the
Code.

(l)Each Foreign Pension Plan has been maintained in substantial compliance with its terms and with the requirements of all applicable
Laws and has been maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities. All contributions required to be
made with respect to a Foreign Pension Plan have been timely made. The Company has not incurred any obligation in connection with the
termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Pension Plan. The present value of the accrued benefit liabilities (whether or not vested)
under each Foreign Pension Plan, determined as of the end of the Companys most recently ended fiscal year on the basis of actuarial
assumptions, each of which is reasonable, did not exceed the current value of the assets of such Foreign Pension Plan allocable to such
benefit liabilities.

28

5.20Environmental Matters.

(a)The Company is and has been in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws, including obtaining,
maintaining in good standing, and complying in all material respects with all Permits required for its business and operations by Environmental
Laws (Environmental Permits), no Action is pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened to revoke,
modify, or terminate any such Environmental Permit, and, to the Companys Knowledge, no facts, circumstances, or conditions currently
exist that could adversely affect such continued compliance with Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits or require capital expenditures
to achieve or maintain such continued compliance with Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits.

(b)The Company is not the subject of any outstanding Order or Contract with any Governmental Authority or other Person in respect
of any (i) Environmental Laws, (ii) Remedial Action, or (iii) Release or threatened Release of a Hazardous Material. The Company has not
assumed, contractually or by operation of Law, any Liabilities or obligations under any Environmental Laws.

(c)No Action has been made or is pending, or to the Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company or any assets of the
Company alleging either or both that the Company may be in material violation of any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit or may
have any material Liability under any Environmental Law.

(d)The Company has not manufactured, treated, stored, disposed of, arranged for or permitted the disposal of, generated, handled or
Released any Hazardous Material, or owned or operated any property or facility, in a manner that has given or would reasonably be expected
to give rise to any material Liability or obligation under applicable Environmental Laws. No fact, circumstance, or condition exists in
respect of the Company or any property currently or formerly owned, operated, or leased by the Company or any property to which the Company
arranged for the disposal or treatment of Hazardous Materials that could reasonably be expected to result in the Company incurring any
material Environmental Liabilities.

(e)There is no investigation of the business, operations, or currently owned, operated, or leased property of the Company or, to the
Companys Knowledge, previously owned, operated, or leased property of the Company pending or, to the Companys Knowledge,
threatened that could lead to the imposition of any Liens under any Environmental Law or material Environmental Liabilities.

(f)To the Knowledge of the Company, there is not located at any of the properties of the Company any (i) underground storage tanks,
(ii) asbestos-containing material, or (iii) equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls.

(g)The Company has provided to the Purchaser all environmentally related site assessments, audits, studies, reports, analysis and
results of investigations that have been performed in respect of the currently or previously owned, leased, or operated properties of
the Company.

29

5.21Transactions with Related Persons. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, nor any officer, director, manager, employee,
trustee or beneficiary of the Company or any of its Affiliates, nor any immediate family member of any of the foregoing (whether directly
or indirectly through an Affiliate of such Person) (each of the foregoing, a Related Person) is presently,
or in the past three (3) years, has been, a party to any transaction with the Company, including any Contract or other arrangement (a)
providing for the furnishing of services by (other than as officers, directors or employees of the Company), (b) providing for the rental
of real property or Personal Property from or (c) otherwise requiring payments to (other than for services or expenses as directors, officers
or employees of the Company in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) any Related Person or any Person in which
any Related Person has an interest as an owner, officer, manager, director, trustee or partner or in which any Related Person has any
direct or indirect interest (other than the ownership of securities representing no more than two percent (2%) of the outstanding voting
power or economic interest of a publicly traded company). Except as set forth on Schedule 5.21, the Company does not have outstanding
any Contract or other arrangement or commitment with any Related Person, and no Related Person owns any real property or Personal Property,
or right, tangible or intangible (including Intellectual Property) which is used in the business of the Company. The assets of the Company
do not include any receivable or other obligation from a Related Person, and the liabilities of the Company do not include any payable
or other obligation or commitment to any Related Person.

5.22Insurance.

(a)Schedule 5.22(a) lists all insurance policies (by policy number, insurer, coverage period, coverage amount, annual premium
and type of policy) held by the Company relating to the Company or its business, properties, assets, directors, officers and employees,
copies of which have been provided to the Purchaser. All premiums due and payable under all such insurance policies have been timely paid
and the Company are otherwise in material compliance with the terms of such insurance policies. Each such insurance policy (i) is legal,
valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect and (ii) will continue to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full
force and effect on identical terms following the Closing. The Company does not have any self-insurance or co-insurance programs. In the
past five (5) years, the Company has not received any notice from, or on behalf of, any insurance carrier relating to or involving any
adverse change or any change other than in the ordinary course of business, in the conditions of insurance, any refusal to issue an insurance
policy or non-renewal of a policy.

(b)There is no individual insurance claim in excess of $25,000 made by the Company in the past five (5) years. The Company has reported
to its insurers all claims and pending circumstances that would reasonably be expected to result in a claim, except where such failure
to report such a claim would not be reasonably likely to be material to the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred,
and no condition or circumstance exists, that would reasonably be expected to (with or without notice or lapse of time) give rise to or
serve as a basis for the denial of any such insurance claim. The Company has not made any claim against an insurance policy as to which
the insurer is denying coverage.

5.23Books and Records. All of the financial books and records of the Company are complete and accurate in all material respects
and have been maintained in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and in accordance with applicable Laws in all material respects.

5.24Top Customers and Suppliers. Schedule 5.24 lists, by dollar volume received or paid, as applicable, for each of (a)
the twelve (12) months ended on December 31, 2023 and (b) the from January 1, 2024 through the most recent balance sheet date, the ten
(10) largest customers of the Company (the Top Customers) and the ten (10) largest suppliers of goods or services
to the Company (the Top Suppliers), along with the amounts of such dollar volumes. The relationships of the
Company with such suppliers and customers are good commercial working relationships and (i) no Top Supplier or Top Customer within the
last twelve (12) months has cancelled or otherwise terminated, or, to the Companys Knowledge, intends to cancel or otherwise terminate,
any material relationships of such Person with the Company, (ii) no Top Supplier or Top Customer has during the last twelve (12) months
decreased materially or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened to stop, decrease or limit materially, or intends to modify materially
its material relationships with the Company or intends to stop, decrease or limit materially its products or services to the Company or
its usage or purchase of the products or services of the Company, (iii) to the Companys Knowledge, no Top Supplier or Top Customer
intends to refuse to pay any amount due to the Company or seek to exercise any remedy against the Company, (iv) the Company has not within
the past two (2) years been engaged in any material dispute with any Top Supplier or Top Customer, and (v) to the Companys Knowledge,
the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents will not adversely affect the relationship
of the Company with any Top Supplier or Top Customer.

30

5.25Certain Business Practices.

(a)Neither the Company, nor any of its officers, managers or directors or, to the Companys Knowledge, any other Representatives
acting on their behalf, has (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to
political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees, to foreign or domestic political
parties or campaigns or violated any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.
Since January 1, 2021, neither the Company, nor any of its officers, managers or directors or, to the Companys Knowledge, any other
Representatives acting on their behalf, has directly or knowingly indirectly, given or agreed to give any unlawful gift or similar benefit
in any material amount to any customer, supplier, governmental employee or other Person who is or may be in a position to help or hinder
the Company or assist the Company in connection with any actual or proposed transaction.

(b)The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with money laundering statutes in all applicable
jurisdictions that govern the operations of the Company, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority that have jurisdiction over the Company, and no Action involving
the Company with respect to the any of the foregoing is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(c)Neither the Company nor any of its directors, managers or officers, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other Representatives
acting on its behalf the Company is currently (i) identified on the specially designated nationals or other blocked person list or otherwise
currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, or other applicable Governmental Authority;
(ii) organized, resident, or located in, or a national of a comprehensively sanctioned country; or (iii) in the aggregate, fifty percent
(50%) or greater owned, directly or indirectly, or otherwise controlled, by a person identified in (i) or (ii); and the Company has not,
directly or, knowingly, indirectly, used any funds, or loaned, contributed or otherwise made available such funds to any Subsidiary, joint
venture partner or other Person, in connection with any sales or operations in any country comprehensively sanctioned by OFAC or for the
purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to, or otherwise in violation of, any U.S. sanctions administered
by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State in the last five (5) fiscal years.

5.26Privacy and Data Security.

(a)Except as described in Schedule 5.26(a), Company, and, to Knowledge of the Company, all vendors, processors, or other third
parties acting for or on behalf of the Company in connection with the Processing of Personal Information or that otherwise have been authorized
to have access to Personal Information in the possession or control of the Company, comply and at all times in the past three (3) years
have complied, in all material respects with all of the following: (i) Privacy Laws; (ii) the Company Privacy and Data Security Policies;
and (iii) any Contract requirements or terms of use concerning the Processing of Personal Information to which the Company is a party
or otherwise bound as of the date hereof (Privacy Agreements). To the Knowledge of the Company, the operation
of the business of the Company has not and does not violate any right to privacy or publicity of any third person under applicable Law.

31

(b)The Company has delivered or made available to the Purchaser true, complete, and correct copies of all Company Privacy and Data
Security Policies.

(c)To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has obtained unauthorized access to Personal Information in the possession of the Company,
nor has there been any other material compromise of the security, confidentiality or integrity of such information or data, and no written
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, oral complaint relating to an improper use or disclosure of, or a breach in the security of, any
such information or data has been received by the Company (a Security Incident). The Company has not notified
and, to Knowledge of the Company, there have been no facts or circumstances that would require the Company to notify, any Governmental
Authority or other Person of any Security Incident.

(d)Except as described in Schedule 5.26(d), in the past three (3) years, the Company has not received any notice, request,
claim, complaint, correspondence, or other communication in writing from any Governmental Authority or other Person, and there has not
been any audit, investigation, enforcement action (including any fines or other sanctions), or other Action, (i) relating to any actual,
alleged, or suspected Security Incident or violation of any Privacy Agreements, or any Persons individual privacy rights involving
Personal Information in the possession or control of the Company, or held or Processed by any vendor, processor, or other third party
for or on behalf of the Company; (ii) prohibiting or threatening to prohibit the transfer of Personal Information to any place; or (iii)
permitting or mandating any Governmental Authority to investigate, requisition information from, or enter the premises of, the Company,
and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any of the
foregoing.

(e)The Company has at all times in the past three (3) years implemented and maintained, and required all vendors, processors, or other
third parties that Process any Personal Information for or on behalf of the Company to implement and maintain, commercially reasonable
security measures, plans, procedures, controls, and programs consistent with Privacy Agreements.

5.27Investment Company Act. The Company is not an investment company or a Person directly or indirectly controlled
by or acting on behalf of an investment company, or required to register as an investment company, in each
case within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

5.28Finders and Brokers. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.28, the Company has not incurred and will not incur any Liability
for any brokerage, finders or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

5.29Independent Investigation. The Company has conducted its own independent investigation, review and analysis of the business,
results of operations, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Purchaser, and acknowledges that it has been provided
adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and data of the Purchaser for such
purpose. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, it has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations and warranties of the Purchaser set
forth in this Agreement (including the related portions of the Purchaser Disclosure Schedules) and in any certificate delivered to the
Company pursuant hereto; and (b) neither the Purchaser nor any of its Representatives have made any representation or warranty as to the
Purchaser or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement (including the related portions of the Purchaser Disclosure
Schedules) or in any certificate delivered to the Company pursuant hereto.

32

5.30Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Company expressly for inclusion or incorporation
by reference: (a) in any current report on Form 8-K, and any exhibits thereto or any other report, form, registration or other filing
made with any Governmental Authority or stock exchange with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary
Documents; (b) in the Registration Statement; or (c) in the mailings or other distributions to the Purchasers shareholders and/or
prospective investors with respect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or in any amendment to any of
documents identified in (a) through (c), will, when filed, made available, mailed or distributed, as the case may be, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by
the Company expressly for inclusion or incorporation by reference in any of the Signing Press Release, the Signing Filing, the Closing
Press Release and the Closing Filing will, when filed or distributed, as applicable, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representation, warranty or covenant with
respect to any information supplied by or on behalf of the Purchaser or its Affiliates.

Article
VI

COVENANTS

6.1Access and Information.

(a)During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with Section 8.1 or the Closing (the Interim Period), subject to Section 6.15, the Company shall
give, and shall cause its Representatives to give, the Purchaser and its Representatives, at reasonable times during normal business hours
and upon reasonable intervals and notice, reasonable access to all offices and other facilities and to all employees, properties, Contracts,
agreements, commitments, books and records, financial and operating data and other information in the Companys or its Representatives
possession (including Tax Returns, internal working papers, client files, client Contracts and director service agreements), of or pertaining
to the Company, as the Purchaser or its Representatives may reasonably request regarding the Company and their respective businesses,
assets, Liabilities, financial condition, prospects, operations, management, employees and other aspects (including unaudited quarterly
financial statements, including a quarterly balance sheet and income statement, a copy of each material report, schedule and other document
filed with or received by a Governmental Authority pursuant to the requirements of applicable securities Laws, and independent public
accountants work papers (subject to the consent or any other conditions required by such accountants, if any)) and cause each of
the Companys Representatives to reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser and its Representatives in their investigation; provided,
however, that the Purchaser and its Representatives shall conduct any such activities in such a manner as not to unreasonably interfere
with the business or operations of the Company.

(b)During the Interim Period, subject to Section 6.15, the Purchaser shall give, and shall cause its Representatives to give,
the Company and its Representatives, at reasonable times during normal business hours and upon reasonable intervals and notice, reasonable
access to all offices and other facilities and to all employees, properties, Contracts, agreements, commitments, books and records, financial
and operating data and other information (including Tax Returns, internal working papers, client files, client Contracts and director
service agreements), of or pertaining to the Purchaser or its Subsidiaries, as the Company or its Representatives may reasonably request
regarding the Purchaser, its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses, assets, Liabilities, financial condition, prospects, operations,
management, employees and other aspects (including unaudited quarterly financial statements, including a quarterly balance sheet and income
statement, a copy of each material report, schedule and other document filed with or received by a Governmental Authority pursuant to
the requirements of applicable securities Laws, and independent public accountants work papers (subject to the consent or any other
conditions required by such accountants, if any)) and cause each of the Purchasers Representatives to reasonably cooperate with
the Company and its Representatives in their investigation; provided, however, that the Company and its Representatives shall conduct
any such activities in such a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with the business or operations of the Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries.

33

6.2Conduct of Business of the Company.

(a)Unless the Purchaser shall otherwise consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed),
during the Interim Period, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents or as set forth on Schedule
6.2, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (i) conduct their respective businesses, in all material respects, in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) comply with all Laws applicable to the Company and their respective
businesses, assets and employees, and (iii) take all commercially reasonable measures necessary or appropriate to preserve intact, in
all material respects, their respective business organizations, to keep available the services of their respective managers, directors,
officers, employees and consultants, and to preserve the possession, control and condition of their respective material assets, all as
consistent with past practice.

(b)Without limiting the generality of Section 6.2(a) and except as contemplated by the terms of this Agreement or the Ancillary
Documents, during the Interim Period, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed), the Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to not:

(i)amend, waive or otherwise change, in any respect, its Organizational Documents, except as required by applicable Law;

(ii)authorize for issuance, issue, grant, sell, pledge, dispose of or propose to issue, grant, sell, pledge or dispose of any of its
equity securities or any options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions or rights of any kind to acquire or sell any of its equity securities,
or other securities, including any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of its shares or other equity securities or securities
of any class and any other equity-based awards, or engage in any hedging transaction with a third Person with respect to such securities;

(iii)split, reverse split, combine, subdivide, exchange, recapitalize or reclassify any of its shares or other equity interests or issue
any other securities in respect thereof or pay or set aside any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, equity or property or
any combination thereof) in respect of its equity interests, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or offer
to acquire any of its securities, other than distributions to the holders of the Company Interests in an aggregate amount not to exceed
such amount(s) set forth on Schedule 6.2(b)(iii);

(iv)incur, create, assume, prepay or otherwise become liable for any Indebtedness (directly, contingently or otherwise) in excess of
$75,000 individually or $125,000 in the aggregate, make a loan or advance to or investment in any third party (other than advancement
of expenses to employees in the ordinary course of business and those items set forth on Schedule 6.2(b)(iv)), or guarantee or
endorse any Indebtedness, Liability or obligation of any Person in excess of $75,000 individually or $125,000 in the aggregate;

34

(v)increase the wages, salaries or compensation of its employees other than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
practice, and in any event not in the aggregate by more than five percent (5%) of an annual salary or more than an additional Five Dollars
($5.00) per hour for an hourly salary, or make or commit to make any bonus payment (whether in cash, property or securities) to any employee
or other service provider, or materially increase other benefits of employees generally, or grant, accelerate the vesting, lapsing or
restrictions or payment or in any way amend, modify or supplement the terms of any equity or equity-based or phantom equity award, or
forgive any loans or issue any loans to any service provider (other than in connection with a qualified retirement plan), or hire any
new employee or engage any new independent contractor (who is a natural person) with target annual cash compensation in excess of $200,000,
or enter into, establish, materially amend or terminate any Company Benefit Plan (except for the Post-Closing Equity Plan) with, for or
in respect of any current consultant, officer, manager director or employee, in each case other than as required by applicable Law, pursuant
to the terms of any Company Benefit Plans or in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(vi)make or rescind any material election relating to Taxes, settle any claim, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, arbitration, investigation,
audit or controversy relating to Taxes, file any amended Tax Return or claim for refund, or make any material change in its accounting
or Tax policies or procedures, in each case except as required by applicable Law or in compliance with GAAP;

(vii)transfer or license to any Person or otherwise extend, materially amend or modify, permit to lapse or fail to preserve any material
Company Registered IP, Company Licensed IP or other Company IP (excluding non-exclusive licenses of Company IP to Company customers in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), or disclose to any Person who has not entered into a confidentiality agreement
any Trade Secrets;

(viii)renew, terminate, or waive or assign any material right under, any Company Material Contract or enter into any Contract that would
be a Company Material Contract, in any case outside of the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(ix)fail to maintain its books, accounts and records in all material respects in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;

(x)fail to maintain or renew any Permits necessary for the conduct of the Company Business, including federal firearm licenses issued
pursuant to the Gun Control Act, 18 USC 921 et seq. and special occupational taxpayer stamps issued pursuant to the National Firearms
Act, 26 USC 5849 et seq.;

(xi)establish any Subsidiary or enter into any new line of business;

(xii)fail to use commercially reasonable efforts to keep in force insurance policies or replacement or revised policies providing insurance
coverage with respect to its assets, operations and activities in such amount and scope of coverage substantially similar to that which
is currently in effect;

(xiii)revalue any of its material assets or make any material change in accounting methods, principles or practices, except to the extent
required to comply with GAAP and after consulting with the Companys outside auditors;

35

(xiv)waive, release, assign, settle or compromise any claim, action or proceeding (including any suit, action, claim, proceeding or
investigation relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby), other than waivers, releases, assignments, settlements
or compromises that involve only the payment of monetary damages (and not the imposition of equitable relief on, or the admission of wrongdoing
by, the Company or its Affiliates) not in excess of $50,000 (individually or in the aggregate), or otherwise pay, discharge or satisfy
any Actions, Liabilities or obligations, unless such amount has been reserved in the Company Financials;

(xv)close or materially reduce its activities, or effect any layoff or other personnel reduction or change, at any of its facilities;

(xvi)acquire, including by merger, consolidation, acquisition of equity interests or assets, or any other form of business combination,
any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, other business organization or any division thereof, or any material amount of
assets outside the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(xvii)make capital expenditures in excess of $100,000 (individually for any project (or set of related projects) or $250,000 in the aggregate);

(xviii)adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;

(xix)voluntarily incur any Liability or obligation (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) in excess of $75,000 individually
or $125,000 in the aggregate other than pursuant to the terms of a Company Material Contract or Company Benefit Plan;

(xx)sell, lease, license, transfer, exchange or swap, mortgage or otherwise pledge or encumber (including securitizations), or otherwise
dispose of any material portion of its properties, assets or rights;

(xxi)enter into any agreement, understanding or arrangement with respect to the voting of equity securities of the Company;

(xxii)take any action that would reasonably be expected to significantly delay or impair the obtaining of any Consents of any Governmental
Authority to be obtained in connection with this Agreement;

(xxiii)accelerate the collection of any trade receivables or delay the payment of trade payables or any other liabilities other than in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(xxiv)enter into, amend, waive or terminate (other than terminations in accordance with their terms) any transaction with any Related
Person (other than compensation and benefits and advancement of expenses, in each case, provided in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice); or

(xxv)authorize or agree to do any of the foregoing actions.

36

6.3Conduct of Business of the Purchaser.

(a)Unless the Company shall otherwise consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), during
the Interim Period, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents or as set forth on Schedule 6.3,
the Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (i) conduct their respective businesses, in all material respects, in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) comply with all Laws applicable to the Purchaser and its Subsidiaries and their
respective businesses, assets and employees, and (iii) take all commercially reasonable measures necessary or appropriate to preserve
intact, in all material respects, their respective business organizations, to keep available the services of their respective managers,
directors, officers, employees and consultants, and to preserve the possession, control and condition of their respective material assets,
all as consistent with past practice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.3, nothing in this Agreement shall
prohibit or restrict the Purchaser from: (i) extending, in accordance with the Purchasers Organizational Documents and the IPO
Prospectus, the deadline by which it must complete its Business Combination (an Extension); (ii) incurring
costs and expenses in connection with the Extension; (iii) approving any other matters required in connection with the Extension and (iv)
redeeming the Class A Ordinary Shares held by its Public Shareholders as those Public Shareholders request in connection with the Extension
pursuant to the Purchaser Organizational Documents; and no consent of any other Party shall be required in connection therewith; provided,
however, that the Purchaser shall cooperate and provide the Company (and its counsel) with a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment on any disclosures related to preceding subsections (i)-(iv) which make reference to the Company that the Purchaser intends to
file or furnish with the SEC in advance of such filing or furnishing.

(b)Without limiting the generality of Section 6.3(a) and except as contemplated by the terms of this Agreement or the Ancillary
Documents (including the Extension) or as set forth on Schedule 6.3, during the Interim Period, without the prior written consent
of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), the Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries
to not:

(i)amend, waive or otherwise change, in any respect, its Organizational Documents except as required by applicable Law;

(ii)authorize for issuance, issue, grant, sell, pledge, dispose of or propose to issue, grant, sell, pledge or dispose of any of its
equity securities or any options, warrants, restricted stock units, commitments, subscriptions or rights of any kind to acquire or sell
any of its equity securities, or other securities, including any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of its equity securities
or other security interests of any class and any other equity-based awards, or engage in any hedging transaction with a third Person with
respect to such securities; provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Purchaser from entering into any Transaction Financing
pursuant to Section 6.20;

(iii)split, reverse split, combine, subdivide, exchange, recapitalize or reclassify any of its shares or other equity interests or issue
any other securities in respect thereof or pay or set aside any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, equity or property or
any combination thereof) in respect of its shares or other equity interests, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire
or offer to acquire any of its securities;

(iv)incur, create, assume, prepay or otherwise become liable for any Indebtedness (directly, contingently or otherwise) in excess of
$500,000 in the aggregate, make a loan or advance to or investment in any third party, or guarantee or endorse any Indebtedness, Liability
or obligation of any Person (provided, that this Section 6.3(b)(iv) shall not prevent the Purchaser from borrowing funds necessary
to finance its ordinary course administrative costs and expenses and Expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the Mergers
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any Transaction Financing) and the costs and expenses necessary for
an Extension);

(v)make or rescind any material election relating to Taxes, settle any claim, action, suit, litigation, proceeding, arbitration, investigation,
audit or controversy relating to Taxes, file any amended Tax Return or claim for refund, or make any material change in its accounting
or Tax policies or procedures, in each case except as required by applicable Law or in compliance with GAAP;

37

(vi)amend, waive or otherwise change the Trust Agreement in any manner adverse to the Purchaser;

(vii)renew, terminate, waive or assign any material right under any Purchaser Material Contract or enter into any Contract that would
be a Purchaser Material Contract, in any case outside of the ordinary course of business;

(viii)fail to maintain its books, accounts and records in all material respects in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice;

(ix)establish any Subsidiary or enter into any new line of business;

(x)fail to use commercially reasonable efforts to keep in force insurance policies or replacement or revised policies providing insurance
coverage with respect to its assets, operations and activities in such amount and scope of coverage substantially similar to that which
is currently in effect;

(xi)revalue any of its material assets or make any material change in accounting methods, principles or practices, except to the extent
required to comply with GAAP and after consulting the Purchasers outside auditors;

(xii)waive, release, assign, settle or compromise any claim, action or proceeding (including any Action relating to this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated hereby), other than waivers, releases, assignments, settlements or compromises that involve only the payment
of monetary damages (and not the imposition of equitable relief on, or the admission of wrongdoing by, the Purchaser or its Subsidiary)
not in excess of $100,000 (individually or in the aggregate), or otherwise pay, discharge or satisfy any Actions, Liabilities or obligations,
unless such amount has been reserved in the Purchaser Financials;

(xiii)acquire, including by merger, consolidation, acquisition of equity interests or assets, or any other form of business combination,
any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, other business organization or any division thereof, or any material amount of
assets outside the ordinary course of business;

(xiv)make capital expenditures in excess of $100,000 individually for any project (or set of related projects) or $250,000 in the aggregate
(excluding for the avoidance of doubt, incurring any Expenses);

(xv)adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization
(other than with respect to the Mergers);

(xvi)sell, lease, license, transfer, exchange or swap, mortgage or otherwise pledge or encumber (including securitizations), or otherwise
dispose of any material portion of its properties, assets or rights;

(xvii)enter into any agreement, understanding or arrangement with respect to the voting of Purchaser Securities;

38

(xviii)take any action that would reasonably be expected to significantly delay or impair the obtaining of any Consents of any Governmental
Authority to be obtained in connection with this Agreement; or

(xix)authorize or agree to do any of the foregoing actions.

6.4Additional Financial Information.

(a)The Company shall deliver the audited financial statements of the Company as of and for each of the twelve (12) months ended December
31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, consisting of the audited balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024,
and the related audited income statement, changes in members equity and statement of cash flows for the twelve (12) months then
ended, and the related notes thereto, audited by a PCAOB qualified auditor in accordance with PCAOB auditing standards (the Audited
Financials and together with the Unaudited Financials, the Company Financials) to the Purchaser
as soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement but no later than March 15, 2025 (the Audit Delivery Date).
The Audited Financials (i) shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, (ii) shall fairly present, in all material respects, the financial
position, results of operations, members deficit and cash flows of the Company, (iii) shall be (A) certified as audited in accordance
with GAAP and the standards of the PCAOB by a PCAOB qualified auditor upon the filing of the initial Registration Statement/Proxy, (B)
shall contain an unqualified report of the Company auditors, and (C) shall be substantially identical in all material respects
to the Unaudited Financial Statements from the same period and (iv) shall comply in all material respects with the applicable accounting
requirements and with the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Exchange Act and the Securities Act in effect as of the respective dates
of delivery (including Regulation S-X or Regulation S-K, as applicable).

(b)During the Interim Period, within thirty (30) calendar days following the end of each calendar month, each three-month quarterly
period and each fiscal year, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser an unaudited income statement and an unaudited balance sheet of
the Company for the period from December 31, 2024 through the end of such calendar month, quarterly period or fiscal year and the applicable
comparative period in the preceding fiscal year, in each case accompanied by a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
to the effect that all such financial statements fairly present the financial position and results of operations of the Company as of
the date or for the periods indicated, in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and excluding footnotes (collectively,
the Interim Financial Information). From the date hereof through the Closing Date, the Company will also promptly
deliver to the Purchaser copies of any audited financial statements of the Company that the Company certified public accountants
may issue.

6.5Purchaser Public Filings. During the Interim Period, the Purchaser will keep current and timely file all of its public filings
with the SEC and otherwise comply in all material respects with applicable securities Laws and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
prior to the Closing to maintain the listing of the Purchaser Public Units, Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares, and Purchaser Public Warrants
on NYSE; provided, that the Parties acknowledge and agree that from and after the Closing, the Parties intend to list on NYSE only
the Pubco Common Stock and the Pubco Public Warrants.

6.6No Solicitation; Change in Recommendation .

(a)For purposes of this Agreement:

(i) an Acquisition Proposal means any inquiry, proposal or offer, or any indication of interest in making
an offer or proposal, from any Person or group at any time relating to an Alternative Transaction,

39

(ii)an Alternative Transaction means (A) with respect to the Company and its Affiliates, a transaction
(other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) concerning the sale or acquisition by a Person (or group of Persons) of (x)
all or any material part of the business or assets of the Company (other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice) or (y) any of the shares or other equity interests or profits of the Company, in any case, whether such transaction takes the
form of a sale of shares or other equity interests, assets, merger, consolidation, issuance of debt securities, management Contract, joint
venture or partnership, or otherwise and (B) with respect to the Purchaser and its Affiliates, a transaction (other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) concerning a Business Combination involving the Purchaser.

(b)During the Interim Period, in order to induce the other Parties to continue to commit to expend management time and financial resources
in furtherance of the transactions contemplated hereby, each Party shall not, and shall cause its Representatives to not, without the
prior written consent of the Company and the Purchaser, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, assist, initiate or facilitate the making,
submission or announcement of, or intentionally encourage, any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) furnish any non-public information regarding
such Party or its Affiliates or their respective businesses, operations, assets, Liabilities, financial condition, prospects or employees
to any Person or group (other than a Party to this Agreement or their respective Representatives) in connection with or in response to
an Acquisition Proposal, (iii) engage or participate in discussions or negotiations with any Person or group with respect to, or
that could reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, (iv) approve, endorse or recommend, or publicly propose to approve,
endorse or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal, or otherwise change, withdraw, withhold, qualify or modify, or publicly propose to change,
withdraw, withhold, qualify or modify, the Purchaser Board Recommendation (in the case of the Purchaser and Merger Sub) (a Change
in Recommendation) (v) negotiate or enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other
similar agreement related to any Acquisition Proposal, (vi) release any third Person from, or waive any provision of, any confidentiality
agreement to which such Party is a party or (vii) agree or resolve to do any of the foregoing.

(c)Each Party shall notify the other Parties as promptly as practicable (and in any event within 48 hours) in writing of the receipt
by such Party or any of its Representatives of (i) any bona fide inquiries, proposals or offers, requests for information or requests
for discussions or negotiations regarding or constituting any Acquisition Proposal or any bona fide inquiries, proposals or offers, requests
for information or requests for discussions or negotiations that would reasonably be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal, and
(ii) any request for non-public information relating to such Party or its Affiliates in connection with any Acquisition Proposal, specifying
in each case, the material terms and conditions thereof (including a copy thereof if in writing or a written summary thereof if oral),
as applicable, and the identity of the party making such inquiry, proposal, offer or request for information. Each Party shall keep the
other Parties promptly informed of the status of any such inquiries, proposals, offers or requests for information. During the Interim
Period, each Party shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any solicitations, discussions
or negotiations with any Person with respect to any Acquisition Proposal and shall, and shall direct its Representatives to, cease and
terminate any such solicitations, discussions or negotiations.

40

(d)Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.6 or otherwise in this Agreement to the contrary, if, at any time prior to (but
not after) obtaining the Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval, the board of directors of the Purchaser determines in good faith, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel that a Material Adverse Effect on the Company has occurred on or after the date of this Agreement
and, as a result, the failure to make a Change in Recommendation would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the board of directors
of the Purchaser under applicable Law, the Purchasers board of directors may, prior to obtaining the Required Purchaser Shareholder
Approval, make a Change in Recommendation; provided that Purchaser will not be entitled to make, or agree or resolve to make, a
Change in Recommendation unless (i) Purchaser delivers to the Company a written notice (a Change in Recommendation Notice)
advising the Company that its board of directors proposes to take such action and containing the material facts underlying its board of
directors determination that a Material Adverse Effect on the Company has occurred, and (ii) at or after 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, on the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the day on which the Change in Recommendation Notice is delivered (such period
from the time the Change in Recommendation Notice is delivered until 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately
following the day on which the Change in Recommendation Notice is delivered (it being understood that any material development with respect
to a Material Adverse Effect on the Company shall require a new notice but with an additional three (3) Business Day period from the date
of such notice), the Change in Recommendation Notice Period), the board of directors of the Purchaser reaffirms
in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and taking into account any adjustments in the terms and conditions of
this Agreement offered by the Company as described in the following sentence) that the failure to make a Change in Recommendation would
be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable Law. If requested by the Company, the Purchaser will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause its Representatives to, during the Change in Recommendation Notice Period, engage in good faith negotiations with the
Company and its Representatives to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement so as to obviate the need for a
Change in Recommendation.

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, during a Change in Recommendation Notice Period, the obligations
of the Purchaser and/or the Purchaser Board to give notice for or to convene a meeting, to make a recommendation, or, except as required
by applicable Law, to make filings with the SEC with respect to the proposals contemplated herein shall be tolled to the extent reasonably
necessary until such time as Purchaser has filed an update to the Registration Statement with the SEC (which Purchaser shall file as promptly
as practicable after the Change in Recommendation by the Purchaser Board), and in the event a filing and/or notice for a meeting was made
prior to the Change in Recommendation Notice Period, the Purchaser shall be permitted to adjourn such meeting and to amend such filing
as necessary in order to provide sufficient time for the shareholders to consider any revised recommendation. To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Law, Purchasers obligations to establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold the Purchaser
Shareholder Meeting shall not be affected by any Change in Recommendation by the Purchaser Board.

(f)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Section 6.6 shall limit the Purchasers and its Representatives
ability to (A) have discussions with third parties and provide such third parties confidential information in connection with a Transaction
Financing and (B) negotiate or enter into a letter of intent, agreement in principle, term sheet or definitive agreement relating to any
Transaction Financing to be consummated at Closing.

6.7No Trading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it is aware, and that the Companys Affiliates are aware (and
each of their respective Representatives is aware or, upon receipt of any material nonpublic information of the Purchaser, will be advised)
of the restrictions imposed by U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC and NYSE promulgated thereunder or
otherwise (the Federal Securities Laws) and other applicable foreign and domestic Laws on a Person possessing
material nonpublic information about a publicly traded company. The Company hereby agrees that, while it is in possession of such material
nonpublic information, it shall not purchase or sell any securities of the Purchaser (other than to engage in the Mergers in accordance
with Article I), communicate such information to any third party, take any other action with respect to the Purchaser in violation
of such Laws, or cause or encourage any third party to do any of the foregoing.

41

6.8Notification of Certain Matters. During the Interim Period, each Party shall give prompt notice to the other Parties if
such Party or its Affiliates: (a) fails to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied
by it or its Affiliates hereunder in any material respect; (b) receives any notice or other communication in writing from any third party
(including any Governmental Authority) alleging (i) that the Consent of such third party is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) any non-compliance with any Law by such Party or its Affiliates; (c) receives any
notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (d)
discovers any fact or circumstance that, or becomes aware of the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event the occurrence or non-occurrence
of which, would reasonably be expected to cause or result in any of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VII not
being satisfied or the satisfaction of those conditions being materially delayed; or (e) becomes aware of the commencement or threat,
in writing, of any Action against such Party or any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective properties or assets, or, to the Knowledge
of such Party, any officer, director, partner, member or manager, in his, her or its capacity as such, of such Party or of its Affiliates
with respect to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No such notice shall constitute an acknowledgement
or admission by the Party providing the notice regarding whether or not any of the conditions to the Closing have been satisfied or in
determining whether or not any of the representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement have been breached.

6.9Efforts.

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Party shall use its reasonable best efforts, and shall cooperate fully
with the other Parties, to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper
or advisable under applicable Laws and regulations to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the receipt
of all applicable Consents of Governmental Authorities) and to comply as promptly as practicable with all requirements of Governmental
Authorities applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(b)In furtherance and not in limitation of Section 6.9(a), to the extent required under any Laws that are designed to prohibit,
restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade (Antitrust Laws),
each Party hereto agrees to make any required filing or application under Antitrust Laws, as applicable, at such Partys sole cost
and expense, with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as promptly as practicable, to supply as promptly as reasonably practicable
any additional information and documentary material that may be reasonably requested pursuant to Antitrust Laws and to take all other
actions reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to cause the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under Antitrust
Laws as soon as practicable, including by requesting early termination of the waiting period provided for under the Antitrust Laws. Each
Party shall, in connection with its efforts to obtain all requisite approvals and authorizations for the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement under any Antitrust Law, use its commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) cooperate in all respects with each other Party
or its Affiliates in connection with any filing or submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry, including any
proceeding initiated by a private Person, (ii) keep the other Parties reasonably informed of any communication received by such Party
or its Representatives from, or given by such Party or its Representatives to, any Governmental Authority and of any communication received
or given in connection with any proceeding by a private Person, in each case regarding any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
(iii) permit a Representative of the other Parties and their respective outside counsel to review any communication given by it to, and
consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with, any Governmental Authority or, in connection with any proceeding
by a private Person, with any other Person, and to the extent permitted by such Governmental Authority or other Person, give a Representative
or Representatives of the other Parties the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and conferences, (iv) in the event
a Partys Representative is prohibited from participating in or attending any meetings or conferences, the other Parties shall keep
such Party promptly and reasonably apprised with respect thereto, and (v) use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate in the filing
of any memoranda, white papers, filings, correspondence or other written communications explaining or defending the transactions contemplated
hereby, articulating any regulatory or competitive argument, and/or responding to requests or objections made by any Governmental Authority.

42

(c)As soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Parties shall reasonably cooperate with each other
and use (and shall cause their respective Affiliates to use) their respective commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with
Governmental Authorities requests for approval that are required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to have such Governmental Authorities approve the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
as may be required. Each Party shall give prompt written notice to the other Parties if such Party or any of its Representatives receives
any notice from such Governmental Authorities in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and shall promptly furnish
the other Parties with a copy of such Governmental Authority notice. If any Governmental Authority requires that a hearing or meeting
be held in connection with its approval of the transactions contemplated hereby, whether prior to the Closing or after the Closing, each
of Party shall arrange for Representatives of such Party to be present for such hearing or meeting. If any objections are asserted with
respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under any applicable Law or if any Action is instituted (or threatened to be
instituted) by any applicable Governmental Authority or any private Person challenging any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any Ancillary Document as violative of any applicable Law or which would otherwise prevent, materially impede or materially delay the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to resolve
any such objections or Actions so as to timely permit consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary
Documents, including in order to resolve such objections or Actions which, in any case if not resolved, could reasonably be expected to
prevent, materially impede or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. In the event any Action
is instituted (or threatened to be instituted) by a Governmental Authority or private Person challenging the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, or any Ancillary Document, the Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Representatives to, reasonably cooperate
with each other and use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to contest and resist any such Action and to have vacated, lifted,
reversed or overturned any Order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent, that is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or restricts
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents.

(d)Prior to the Closing, each Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any Consents of Governmental Authorities
or other third Persons as may be necessary for the consummation by such Party or its Affiliates of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or required as a result of the execution or performance of, or consummation of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement
by such Party or its Affiliates, and the other Parties shall provide reasonable cooperation in connection with such efforts.

(e)At the request of the Purchaser, the Company shall make the members of its management reasonably available to participate in management
presentations, road shows, rating agency presentations, meetings with financing sources and similar events in connection
with obtaining the approval of the Purchaser shareholders, any share recycling efforts by the Purchaser and/or the obtaining
of any debt or equity financing (including Transacting Financing) or the obtaining of ratings or Governmental Authority and other third
party approvals.

43

6.10Tax Matters.

(a)Each of the Parties shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Mergers to qualify as an exchange described in Section 351
of the Code. None of the Parties shall (and each of the Parties shall cause their respective Subsidiaries not to) take any action, or
fail to take any action, that could reasonably be expected to cause the Mergers to fail to qualify as an exchange described in Section
351 of the Code. The Parties intend to report and, except to the extent otherwise required by Law, shall report, for federal income tax
purposes, the Mergers as an exchange described in Section 351 of the Code.

(b)Any and all transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other similar Taxes, and all conveyance fees, recording
charges and other fees and charges (including any penalties and interest) (i) incurred in connection with the Company Merger will be paid
by the Company when due, and the Company will, at its own expense, file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect
to all such Taxes, fees and charges, and (ii) incurred in connection with the Purchaser Merger will be paid by the Purchaser when due,
and the Purchaser will, at its own expense, file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all such Taxes.

(c)Any and all Taxes of or on behalf of the Purchaser or Pubco incurred in connection with the Redemption will be paid by the Purchaser
or Pubco when due, and the Purchaser or Pubco will, at its own expense, file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect
to all such Taxes.

6.11Further Assurances. The Parties hereto shall further cooperate with each other and use their respective commercially reasonable
efforts to take or cause to be taken all actions, and do or cause to be done all things, necessary, proper or advisable on their part
under this Agreement and applicable Laws to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable,
including preparing and filing as soon as practicable all documentation to effect all necessary notices, reports and other filings.

44

6.12The Registration Statement.

(a)As promptly as practicable after the date hereof, the Purchaser, Pubco and the Company shall prepare with the reasonable assistance,
cooperation and reasonable best efforts of the Company, and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (as amended or supplemented
from time to time, and including the Proxy Statement contained therein, the Registration Statement) in connection
with the registration under the Securities Act of (x) the Pubco Common Stock to be issued under this Agreement to the holders of Purchaser
Ordinary Shares and to the Sellers pursuant to the Mergers and (y) the Pubco Public Warrants, which Registration Statement will also contain
a proxy statement (as amended, the Proxy Statement) for the purpose of soliciting proxies from Purchaser shareholders
for the matters to be acted upon at the Purchaser Special Meeting and providing the Public Shareholders an opportunity in accordance with
the Purchasers Organizational Documents and the IPO Prospectus to have their Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares redeemed (the Redemption)
in conjunction with the shareholder vote on the Purchaser Shareholder Approval Matters. The Proxy Statement shall include proxy materials
for the purpose of soliciting proxies from the Purchaser shareholders to vote, at an extraordinary general meeting of the Purchaser shareholders
to be called and held for such purpose (the Purchaser Special Meeting), in favor of resolutions approving
(i) the adoption and approval of this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby or referred to herein,
including the Mergers (and, to the extent required, the issuance of any shares in connection with Transaction Financing, if any), by the
holders of Purchaser Ordinary Shares in accordance with the Purchasers Organizational Documents, the Act and the rules and regulations
of the SEC and NYSE, (ii) the authorization and approval of the Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger and other Purchaser Merger Documents by
way of special resolution pursuant to the Act, (iii) adoption and approval of a new equity incentive plan for Pubco in a form mutually
satisfactory to the Purchaser and the Company (the Incentive Plan or Post-Closing Equity Plan),
and which will provide for awards for a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to twelve percent (12%) of the aggregate number of
shares of Pubco Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately after the Closing (after giving effect to the Redemption), as further
set forth in the Incentive Plan, (iv) the appointment of the members of the Post-Closing Pubco Board in accordance with Section 6.17
hereof, (v) the approval of an amendment to the Insider Letter, effective upon the Closing, pursuant to which the Founder Shares will
be released from transfer restrictions set forth therein on the date on which the VWAP of shares of Pubco Common Stock is greater than
or equal to $15.00 for any twenty (20) Trading Days within any thirty (30) consecutive Trading Day period beginning on the day of Closing
(the Insider Letter Amendment Approval), (vi) such other matters (or, to the extent applicable, excluding
such approval matters) as the Company and the Purchaser shall hereafter mutually determine to be necessary or appropriate in order to
effect the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the approvals described in foregoing clauses (i) through
(vi), collectively, the Purchaser Shareholder Approval Matters), and (vii) the adjournment of the Purchaser
Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or desirable in the reasonable determination of the Purchaser. If on the date for
which the Purchaser Special Meeting is scheduled, the Purchaser has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of shares to
obtain the Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval, whether or not a quorum is present, the Purchaser may make one or more successive
postponements or adjournments of the Purchaser Special Meeting. Postponements or adjournments of the Purchaser Special Meeting for any
other reason shall require the Companys prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). In connection
with the Registration Statement and any amended and supplements thereto, the Purchaser, Pubco and the Company will file with the SEC financial
and other information about the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance with applicable Law and applicable proxy solicitation
and registration statement rules set forth in the Purchasers Organizational Documents, the Act and the rules and regulations of
the SEC and NYSE. The Company shall promptly provide the Purchaser and Pubco with such information concerning the Company and their stockholders,
officers, directors, employees, assets, Liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise), business and operations that may be required
or appropriate for inclusion in the Registration Statement, or in any amendments or supplements thereto, which information provided by
the Company shall be true and correct and not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading.

(b)Purchaser, Pubco and the Company shall take any and all reasonable and necessary actions required to satisfy the requirements of
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and other applicable Laws in connection with the Registration Statement, the Purchaser Special Meeting
and the Redemption. Each of the Purchaser, Pubco and the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, make their respective
directors, officers and employees, upon reasonable advance notice, available to the Company, the Purchaser, Pubco and their respective
Representatives in connection with the drafting of the public filings with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including the Registration Statement, and responding in a timely manner to comments from the SEC. Each Party shall promptly correct any
information provided by it for use in the Registration Statement (and other related materials) if and to the extent that such information
is determined to have become false or misleading in any material respect or as otherwise required by applicable Laws. The Purchaser, Pubco
and the Company shall amend or supplement the Registration Statement and cause the Registration Statement, as so amended or supplemented,
to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to the Purchaser shareholders and the Sellers, in each case as and to the extent required
by applicable Laws and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Purchasers Organizational Documents.

45

(c)Each of Pubco, the Purchaser and the Company shall promptly respond to any SEC comments on the Registration Statement and shall
otherwise use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to clear comments from the SEC and
become effective. The Purchaser and Pubco shall provide the Company with copies of any written comments, and shall inform the Company
of any material oral comments, that the Purchaser, Pubco, or their respective Representatives receive from the SEC or its staff with respect
to the Registration Statement, the Purchaser Special Meeting and the Redemption promptly after the receipt of such comments and shall
give the Company a reasonable opportunity under the circumstances to review and comment on any proposed written or material oral responses
to such comments, and the Purchaser shall consider in good faith any such comments timely made under the circumstances.

(d)As soon as practicable following the Registration Statement clearing comments from the SEC and being declared effective
by the SEC (the SEC Approval Date), the Purchaser and Pubco shall distribute the Registration Statement to
the Purchasers shareholders and the Sellers, and, pursuant thereto, shall call the Purchaser Special Meeting in accordance with
the Purchasers Organizational Documents and the Act for a date no later than thirty (30) days following the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or as otherwise agreed upon by the Purchaser and the Company.

(e)The Purchaser and Pubco shall comply with all applicable Laws, any applicable rules and regulations of NYSE, Purchasers
Organizational Documents and this Agreement in the preparation, filing and distribution of the Registration Statement, any solicitation
of proxies thereunder, the calling and holding of the Purchaser Special Meeting and the Redemption.

6.13Company Member Meeting. As promptly as practicable after the Registration Statement has become effective and been distributed
by Pubco, the Company will call a meeting of its members in order to obtain the Required Company Member Approval (the Company
Special Meeting), and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit from the holders of the Company Interests
proxies in favor of the Required Company Member Approval prior to such Company Special Meeting, and to take all other actions necessary
or advisable to secure the Required Company Member Approval, including enforcing the Seller Support Agreements.

6.14Public Announcements.

(a)The Parties agree that during the Interim Period no public release, statement, filing, announcement or other public communication
concerning this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including the existence or status
thereof, shall be issued by any Party or any of its Affiliates without the prior written consent of the Purchaser and the Company (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), except as such release or announcement may be required by applicable
Law or the rules or regulations of any securities exchange, in which case the applicable Party shall use commercially reasonably efforts
to allow the Purchaser, Pubco and the Company, reasonable time to comment on, and arrange for any required filing with respect to, such
release or announcement in advance of such issuance.

(b)The Purchaser and the Company shall mutually agree upon and, as promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement (but
in any event within four (4) Business Days thereafter), issue a press release announcing the execution of this Agreement (the Signing
Press Release). Promptly after the issuance of the Signing Press Release, the Purchaser shall file a current report on
Form 8-K (the Signing Filing) with the Signing Press Release and a description of this Agreement as required
by Federal Securities Laws, which the Company shall review, comment upon and approve (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) prior to filing (with the Company reviewing, commenting upon and approving such Signing Filing in any event no
later than the third (3rd) Business Day after the execution of this Agreement). The Parties shall mutually agree upon and,
as promptly as practicable after the Closing (but in any event within four (4) Business Days thereafter), issue a press release announcing
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing Press Release). Promptly
after the issuance of the Closing Press Release, the Purchaser shall file a current report on Form 8-K (the Closing Filing)
with the Closing Press Release and a description of the Closing as required by Federal Securities Laws, which the Company shall review,
comment upon and approve (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) prior to filing. In connection with
the preparation of the Signing Press Release, the Signing Filing, the Closing Filing, the Closing Press Release, or any other report,
statement, filing notice or application made by or on behalf of a Party to any Governmental Authority or other third party in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby, each Party shall, upon request by any other Party, furnish the Parties with all information
concerning themselves, their respective directors, officers and equity holders, and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary
or advisable in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, or any other report, statement, filing, notice or application made
by or on behalf of a Party to any third party and/ or any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

46

6.15Confidential Information.

(a)The Company hereby agrees that during the Interim Period and, in the event that this Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Article VIII, for a period of two (2) years after such termination, it shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and Representatives
to: (i) treat and hold in strict confidence any Purchaser Confidential Information, and will not use for any purpose (except in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, performing their obligations hereunder
or thereunder, enforcing their rights hereunder or thereunder, or in furtherance of their authorized duties on behalf of the Purchaser
or its Subsidiaries), nor directly or indirectly disclose, distribute, publish, disseminate or otherwise make available to any third party
any of the Purchaser Confidential Information without the Purchasers prior written consent; and (ii) in the event that the Company
or any of its Affiliates or Representatives, during the Interim Period or, in the event that this Agreement is terminated in accordance
with Article VIII, for a period of two (2) years after such termination, becomes legally compelled to disclose any Purchaser Confidential
Information, (A) provide the Purchaser to the extent legally permitted with prompt written notice of such requirement so that the Purchaser
or an Affiliate thereof may seek, at the Purchasers cost, a protective Order or other remedy or waive compliance with this Section
6.15(a), and (B) in the event that such protective Order or other remedy is not obtained, or the Purchaser waives compliance with
this Section 6.15(a), furnish only that portion of such Purchaser Confidential Information which is legally required to be provided
as advised in writing by outside counsel and to exercise its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain assurances that confidential treatment
will be accorded such Purchaser Confidential Information. In the event that this Agreement is terminated and the transactions contemplated
hereby are not consummated, the Company shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and Representatives to, promptly deliver to the Purchaser
or destroy (at the Purchasers election) any and all copies (in whatever form or medium) of Purchaser Confidential Information and
destroy all notes, memoranda, summaries, analyses, compilations and other writings related thereto or based thereon; provided, however,
that the Company and its Affiliates and Representatives shall be entitled to keep any records required by applicable Law or bona fide
record retention policies; and provided, further, that any Purchaser Confidential Information that is not returned or destroyed shall
remain subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement.

(b)The Purchaser hereby agrees that during the Interim Period and, in the event that this Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Article VIII, for a period of two (2) years after such termination, it shall, and shall cause its Representatives to: (i) treat
and hold in strict confidence any Company Confidential Information, and will not use for any purpose (except in connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, performing its obligations hereunder or thereunder or enforcing
its rights hereunder or thereunder), nor directly or indirectly disclose, distribute, publish, disseminate or otherwise make available
to any third party any of the Company Confidential Information without the Companys prior written consent; and (ii) in the event
that the Purchaser or any of its Representatives, during the Interim Period or, in the event that this Agreement is terminated in accordance
with Article VIII, for a period of two (2) years after such termination, becomes legally compelled to disclose any Company Confidential
Information, (A) provide the Company to the extent legally permitted with prompt written notice of such requirement so that the Company
may seek, at the Companys sole expense, a protective Order or other remedy or waive compliance with this Section 6.15(b)
and (B) in the event that such protective Order or other remedy is not obtained, or the Company waives compliance with this Section
6.15(b), furnish only that portion of such Company Confidential Information which is legally required to be provided as advised in
writing by outside counsel and to exercise its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain assurances that confidential treatment will be
accorded such Company Confidential Information. In the event that this Agreement is terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby
are not consummated, the Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, promptly deliver to the Company or destroy (at the Purchasers
election) any and all copies (in whatever form or medium) of Company Confidential Information and destroy all notes, memoranda, summaries,
analyses, compilations and other writings related thereto or based thereon; provided, however, that the Purchaser and its Representatives
shall be entitled to keep any records required by applicable Law or bona fide record retention policies; and provided, further, that any
Company Confidential Information that is not returned or destroyed shall remain subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth in
this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser and its Representatives shall be permitted to disclose any and all Company
Confidential Information to the extent required by the Federal Securities Laws.

47

6.16Documents and Information. After the Closing Date, Pubco shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries (including the Company)
to, until the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Closing Date, retain all books, records and other documents pertaining to the
business of the Purchaser and the Company in existence on the Closing Date.

6.17Post-Closing Board of Directors and Executive Officers.

(a)The Parties shall take all necessary action, including causing the directors of the Pubco to resign, so that effective as of the
Closing, Pubcos board of directors (the Post-Closing Pubco Board) will consist of nine (9) individuals.
Immediately after the Closing, the Parties shall take all necessary action to designate and appoint to the Post-Closing Pubco Board (i)
two (2) persons designated by the Purchaser prior to the Closing (the Purchaser Directors) and (ii) seven
(7) persons that are designated by the Company prior to the Closing (the Company Directors), at least five
(5) of whom shall be required to qualify as an independent director under NYSE rules. At or prior to the Closing, Pubco will provide each
member of the Post-Closing Pubco Board with a customary director indemnification agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to such Purchaser Director.

(b)The Parties shall take all action necessary, including causing the executive officers of Pubco to resign, so that the individuals
serving as the chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief operating officer, respectively, of Pubco immediately after
the Closing will be the same individuals (in the same office) as that of the Company immediately prior to the Closing (unless, at its
sole discretion, the Company desires to appoint another qualified person to either such role, in which case, such other person(s) identified
by the Company shall serve in such role or roles).

6.18Indemnification of Directors and Officers; Tail Insurance.

(a)The Parties agree that all rights to exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses existing in favor of the current
or former directors, managers, members and officers of the Company, the Purchaser, Purchaser Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub and Pubco
and each Person who served as a director, officer, manager, member, trustee or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, pension or other employee benefit plan or enterprise at the request of the Purchaser, Purchaser Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub,
Pubco or the Company (the D&O Indemnified Persons) as provided in their respective Organizational Documents
or under any indemnification, employment or other similar agreements between any D&O Indemnified Person and the Purchaser, Pubco,
any Merger Sub or the Company, in each case as in effect on the date of this Agreement, shall survive the Closing and continue in full
force and effect in accordance with their respective terms to the extent permitted by applicable Law.

48

(b)For a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Pubco shall cause the Organizational Documents of Pubco and the Surviving
Subsidiaries to contain provisions no less favorable with respect to exculpation and indemnification of and advancement of expenses to
D&O Indemnified Persons than are set forth as of the date of this Agreement in the Organizational Documents of the Purchaser, Purchaser
Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub and Pubco to the extent permitted by applicable Law. The provisions of this Section 6.18 shall survive
the Closing and are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the D&O Indemnified Persons and their
respective heirs and representatives.

(c)For the benefit of the directors and officers of the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall obtain a tail insurance policy,
which shall be maintained and paid as set forth in Section 6.18 (d), that provides coverage for up to a six-year period from and
after the Effective Time for events occurring prior to the Effective Time (the Purchaser D&O Tail Insurance)
that is substantially equivalent to and in any event not less favorable in the aggregate than the Purchasers existing policy or,
if substantially equivalent insurance coverage is unavailable, the best available coverage.

(d)Pubco and the Surviving Subsidiaries shall maintain the Purchaser D&O Tail Insurance, in full force and effect, and continue
to honor the obligations thereunder, and Pubco and the Surviving Subsidiaries shall timely pay or caused to be paid all premiums with
respect to the Purchaser D&O Tail Insurance.

6.19Trust Account Proceeds. The Parties agree that after the Closing, the funds in the Trust Account, after taking into account
payments for the Redemption, and any proceeds from any Transaction Financing shall first be used to pay in the following order: (a) the
Aggregate Cash Consideration, (b) the Purchasers accrued and unpaid Expenses, (c) the Purchasers deferred Expenses (including
cash amounts payable to the IPO Underwriter and any legal fees) of the IPO, (d) any loans owed by the Purchaser to the Sponsor for any
Expenses (including deferred Expenses) or other administrative costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Purchaser or Extension
Expenses, and (e) any other unpaid Transaction Expenses of the Company as of the Closing. Such Expenses, as well as any Expenses that
are required to be paid by delivery of the Pubco Securities, will be paid at the Closing. Any remaining cash will be used for working
capital and general corporate purposes of Pubco and the Surviving Subsidiaries.

6.20Transaction Financing.

(a)Without limiting anything to the contrary contained herein, during the Interim Period, Purchaser may, but shall not be required
to, enter into financing agreements (Financing Agreements) for one or more Transaction Financings on such
terms and structuring, and using such strategy, placement agents and approach as the Purchaser and the Company shall reasonably agree
(with the Companys agreement thereto not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Purchaser may also, but shall not
be required to, enter into agreements and consummate other backstop, non-redemption or similar agreements to effect a Transaction Financing,
as defined herein, as the Purchaser and the Company shall reasonably agree (with the Companys agreement thereto not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed).

49

(b)If Purchaser elects to seek Transaction Financing in any form, Purchaser, the Company and Pubco shall, and shall cause their respective
Representatives to cooperate with each other and their respective Representatives in connection with such Transaction Financing and Financing
Agreements and the Company and Pubco will use their respective reasonable best efforts to cause such Transaction Financing to occur (including
having the Companys senior management participate in any investor meetings and roadshows as reasonably requested by Purchaser).

6.21ATF Change of Control Filing. Pubco and the Company shall, as promptly as practicable after the Closing Date but no later
than 30 days after the Closing Date, give written notice to the ATF of a change of control, as required by 27 C.F.R.478.54. Pubco
and the Company shall, as promptly as practicable after the Closing Date, designate a qualified individual as a Responsible Person, as
such term is defined in 18 U.S.C. 841(s).

6.22Qualification to do Business. The Company hereby agrees that it shall, as promptly as practicable after the date of this
Agreement but no later than the Closing Date, obtain foreign qualifications to do business in each jurisdiction in which it reasonably
determines it is required to do so.

6.23Purchaser Merger Sub. As promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement, Pubco shall cause Purchaser Merger
Sub to be formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the Transactions. Purchaser Merger Sub shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco.
Promptly after Pubco receives the stamped memorandum and articles of association following the formation of Purchaser Merger Sub from
the applicable Governmental Authority, Pubco shall (i) cause Purchaser Merger Sub to execute and deliver to the Purchaser and the Company
a Joinder, pursuant to which, among other things, Purchaser Merger Sub shall (A) become a party to this Agreement as of the date thereof
and (B) agree to be bound by the terms, covenants and other provisions of this Agreement applicable to it as a Party and shall assume
all rights and obligations applicable to Purchaser Merger Sub hereunder, with the same force and effect as if originally named herein,
and (ii) deliver to the Purchaser and the Company evidence of Purchaser Merger Subs adoption and approval of this Agreement and
the Transactions in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser and the Company.

Article
VII

CLOSING CONDITIONS

7.1Conditions to Each Partys Obligations. The obligations of each Party to consummate the Mergers and the other transactions
described herein shall be subject to the satisfaction or written waiver (where permissible) by the Company and the Purchaser of the following
conditions:

(a)Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval. The Purchaser Shareholder Approval Matters that are submitted to the vote of the
shareholders of the Purchaser at the Purchaser Special Meeting in accordance with the Proxy Statement shall have been approved by the
requisite vote of the shareholders of the Purchaser at the Purchaser Special Meeting in accordance with the Purchasers Organizational
Documents, applicable Law and the Proxy Statement (the Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval).

(b)Required Company Member Approval. The Company Special Meeting shall have been held in accordance with the TBOC and the Company
Operating Agreement, and at such meeting, the requisite vote of the holders of Company Interests (including any separate class or series
vote that is required, whether pursuant to the Company Operating Agreement, any stockholder agreement or otherwise) shall have authorized,
approved and consented to, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Documents to which the
Company is or is required to be a party or bound, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including
the Company Merger (the Required Company Member Approval).

50

(c)Antitrust Laws. Any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the consummation of this Agreement under any
Antitrust Laws shall have expired or been terminated.

(d)Requisite Regulatory Approvals. All Consents required to be obtained from or made with any Governmental Authority in order
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained or made.

(e)No Adverse Law or Order. No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law
(whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) or Order that is then in effect and which has the effect of making the transactions or agreements
contemplated by this Agreement illegal or which otherwise prevents or prohibits consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

(f)Net Tangible Assets Test. (i) The Purchaser or Pubco shall have consolidated net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001
(as calculated and determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) either immediately prior to the Closing (after
giving effect to the Redemption) or upon the Closing after giving effect to the Mergers, the Redemption and any Transaction Financing,
or (ii) upon the Closing, Pubco otherwise is exempt from the provisions of Rule 419 promulgated under the Exchange Act (i.e. one of several
exclusions from the penny stock rules of the SEC applies and the Purchaser relies on another exclusion).

(g)Gross Cash Proceeds. Upon the Closing, the gross cash and cash equivalents delivered to Pubco in connection with the Transactions
after payments to Sellers to pay the Aggregate Cash Consideration and including (i) funds remaining in the Trust Account (after giving
effect to the completion and payment of the Redemption and payment of Purchasers Transaction Expenses but excluding the payment
of the Companys Transaction Expenses), and (ii) the aggregate amount of any Transaction Financing, shall equal or exceed Thirty
Million Dollars ($30,000,000).

(h)Appointment to the Board. The members of the Post-Closing Pubco Board shall have been elected or appointed as of the Closing
consistent with the requirements of Section 6.17.

(i)Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by the SEC and shall remain effective
as of the Closing, and no stop order or similar order shall be in effect with respect to the Registration Statement.

(j)Pubco Charter Amendment. Prior to the Closing, Pubco shall have amended and restated its certificate of incorporation in
a form satisfactory to the Purchaser and the Company (the Amended Pubco Charter).

(k)NYSE Listing. The shares of Pubco Common Stock and the Pubco Public Warrants
shall have been approved for listing on NYSE upon the Closing.

51

7.2Conditions to Obligations of the Company. In addition to the conditions specified in Section 7.1, the obligations
of the Company to consummate the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or
written waiver (by the Company) of the following conditions: isting

(a)Representations and Warranties. (i) the Purchaser Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct in all material
respects on and as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the
extent that any such representation and warranty is expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in the
first sentence of Section 3.5(a) shall be true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies) on and as
of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that any
such representation and warranty is expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true
and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies) as of such earlier date), (iii) the representation and warranty
set forth in Section 3.7(b) shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing
Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date and (iv) the other representations and warranties of the Purchaser in Article III
(other than the Purchaser Fundamental Representations and the representations and warranties set forth in the first sentence of Section
3.5(a) and Section 3.7(b)) shall be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitations as to materiality
or any similar limitation set forth herein) in all respects on and as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though
made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty is expressly made as of an earlier
date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date), except where
the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct, individually and in the aggregate has not had a Purchaser Material
Adverse Effect.

(b)Agreements and Covenants. The Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects all of their respective obligations
and complied in all material respects with all of their respective agreements and covenants under this Agreement to be performed or complied
with by them on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)Insider Letter Amendment. The Insider Letter Amendment shall be in full force and effect as of the Closing.

(d)Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. The Purchaser and the Sponsor shall have executed the Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement.

(e)Closing Deliveries.

(i)Officer Certificate. The Purchaser shall have delivered to the Company a certificate,
dated the Closing Date, signed by an executive officer of the Purchaser in such capacity, certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions
specified in Sections 7.2(a) and 7.2(b).

(ii)Secretary Certificate. The Purchaser shall have delivered to the Company a certificate
from its secretary or other executive officer certifying as to, and attaching, (A) copies of the Purchasers Organizational Documents
as in effect as of the Closing Date prior to the Effective Time, (B) the resolutions of the board of directors of each of the Purchaser,
Pubco, and Purchaser Merger Sub authorizing and approving the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary
Documents to which it is a party or by which it is bound, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (C)
evidence that the Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval has been obtained and (D) the incumbency of officers authorized to execute this
Agreement or any Ancillary Document to which the Purchaser is or is required to be a party or otherwise bound.

(iii)Good Standing. The Purchaser shall have delivered to the Company a good standing
certificate (or similar documents applicable for such jurisdictions) for each of the Purchaser and Pubco certified as of a date no earlier
than thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date from the proper Governmental Authority of the Purchasers or Pubcos jurisdiction
of organization and from each other jurisdiction in which the Purchaser or Pubco is qualified to do business as a foreign entity as of
the Closing, in each case to the extent that good standing certificates or similar documents are generally available in such jurisdictions.

52

7.3Conditions to Obligations of the Purchaser. In addition to the conditions specified in Section 7.1, the obligations
of the Purchaser to consummate the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or
written waiver (by the Purchaser) of the following conditions:

(a)Representations and Warranties. (i) the Company Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct (without giving effect
to any limitation as to materiality set forth therein) in all material respects on and as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty
is expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of such earlier date), (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in the first sentence of Section 5.3(a) shall be true and
correct in all respects on and as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date,
and (iii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Article V (other than the Company Fundamental Representations
and the representations and warranties set forth in the first sentence of Section 5.3(a) shall be true and correct (without giving effect
to any limitation as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect or any similar limitation set forth herein)
in all respects on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date
(except to the extent that any such representation and warranty is expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case such representation
and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date), except where the failure of such representations and
warranties to be true and correct, individually and in the aggregate has not had a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Agreements and Covenants. The Company shall have performed in all material respects all of its obligations and complied
in all material respects with all of its agreements and covenants under this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior
to the Closing Date.

(c)No Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred with respect to the Company since the date of
this Agreement which is uncured and continuing.

(d)Certain Ancillary Documents. Each Non-Competition Agreement, each Employment Agreement, each Lock-Up Agreement and the Insider
Letter Amendment shall be in full force and effect as of the Closing.

(e)Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. The Sellers shall have executed the Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement.

(f)Closing Deliveries.

(i)Officer Certificate. The Purchaser shall have received a certificate from the Company,
dated as the Closing Date, signed by an executive officer of the Company in such capacity, certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions
specified in Sections 7.3(a), 7.3(b) and 7.3(c)

53

(ii)Secretary Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser a certificate
executed by the Companys secretary or other executive officer certifying as to the validity and effectiveness of, and attaching,
(A) copies of the Company Operating Agreement as in effect as of the Closing Date (immediately prior to the Effective Time), (B) the requisite
resolutions of the Companys managers and the Sellers authorizing and approving the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which the Company is or is required to be a party or bound, and the consummation of the Mergers
and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and the adoption of the Surviving Company Subsidiary Organizational Documents,
and recommending the approval and adoption of the same by the holders of Company Interests at a duly called meeting of members, (C) evidence
that the Required Company Member Approval has been obtained and (D) the incumbency of officers of the Company authorized to execute this
Agreement or any Ancillary Document to which the Company is or is required to be a party or otherwise bound.

(iii)Good Standing. The Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser good standing certificates
(or similar documents applicable for such jurisdictions) for the Company certified as of a date no earlier than thirty (30) days prior
to the Closing Date from the proper Governmental Authority of the Companys jurisdiction of organization and from each other jurisdiction
in which the Company is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation or other entity as of the Closing, in each case to the extent
that good standing certificates or similar documents are generally available in such jurisdictions.

(iv)Transmittal Documents. Pubco shall have received from each Seller the Transmittal
Documents, each in form reasonably acceptable for transfer on the books of the Company.

(v)Resignations. Subject to the requirements of Section 5.18, the Purchaser
shall have received written resignations, effective as of the Closing, of each of the directors and officers of the Company as requested
by the Purchaser prior to the Closing.

(g)Purchaser Merger Sub. Purchaser Merger Sub shall have been formed and shall have duly executed and delivered to the Purchaser
a Joinder.

7.4Frustration of Conditions. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Party may rely on the failure of
any condition set forth in this Article VII to be satisfied if such failure was caused by the failure of such Party or its Affiliates
(or with respect to the Company, the Company or Seller) failure to comply with or perform any of its covenants or obligations set forth
in this Agreement.

Article
VIII

TERMINATION AND EXPENSES

8.1Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby may be abandoned at any time prior
to the Closing as follows:

(a)by mutual written consent of the Purchaser and the Company;

(b)by written notice by the Purchaser or the Company if any of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VII have
not been satisfied or waived by the date that is August 1, 2025 (the Outside Date); provided, however, that
the Outside Date may be extended as mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company; provided, further, the right to terminate this Agreement
under this Section 8.1(b) shall not be available to a Party if the breach or violation by such Party or its Affiliates of any representation,
warranty, covenant or obligation under this Agreement was the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before
the Outside Date;

54

(c)by written notice by either the Purchaser or the Company to the other if a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall
have issued an Order or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and such Order or other action has become final and non-appealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(c) shall not be available to a Party if the failure by such Party or its Affiliates
to comply with any provision of this Agreement has been a substantial cause of, or substantially resulted in, such action by such Governmental
Authority;

(d)by written notice by the Company to the Purchaser, if (i) there has been a material breach by the Purchaser of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement or if any representation or warranty of the Purchaser shall have become
untrue or inaccurate, in any case, which would result in a failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.2(a) or Section 7.2(b)
to be satisfied (treating the Closing Date for such purposes as the date of this Agreement or, if later, the date of such breach), and
(ii) the breach or inaccuracy is incapable of being cured or is not cured within the earlier of (A) twenty (20) days after written notice
of such breach or inaccuracy is provided to the Purchaser or (B) the Outside Date; provided, that the Company shall not have the right
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(d) if at such time the Company is in material uncured breach of this Agreement;

(e)by written notice by the Purchaser to the Company, if (i) there has been a material breach by the Company of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of such Parties shall have become
untrue or inaccurate, in any case, which would result in a failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.3(a) or Section 7.3(b)
to be satisfied (treating the Closing Date for such purposes as the date of this Agreement or, if later, the date of such breach), and
(ii) the breach or inaccuracy is incapable of being cured or is not cured within the earlier of (A) twenty (20) days after written notice
of such breach or inaccuracy is provided by the Purchaser or (B) the Outside Date; provided, that the Purchaser shall not have the right
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(e) if at such time the Purchaser is in material uncured breach of this
Agreement;

(f)by written notice by the Purchaser to the Company, if there shall have been a Material Adverse Effect on the Company following
the date of this Agreement which is uncured and continuing;

(g)by written notice by either the Purchaser or the Company to the other, if the Purchaser Special Meeting is held (including any
adjournment or postponement thereof) and has concluded, the Purchasers shareholders have duly voted, and the Required Purchaser
Shareholder Approval was not obtained; or

(h)by written notice by Purchaser to the Company, if the Company has not delivered the Audited Financials to Purchaser on or before
the Audit Delivery Date.

8.2Effect of Termination. This Agreement may only be terminated in the circumstances described in Section 8.1 and pursuant
to a written notice delivered by the applicable Party to the other applicable Parties, which sets forth the basis for such termination,
including the provision of Section 8.1 under which such termination is made. In the event of the valid termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.1, this Agreement shall forthwith become void, and there shall be no Liability on the part of any Party or
any of their respective Representatives, and all rights and obligations of each Party shall cease, except: (i) Sections 6.14,
6.15, 8.3, 9.1, Article X and this Section 8.2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and
(ii) nothing herein shall relieve any Party from Liability for any willful breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation
under this Agreement or any Fraud Claim against such Party, in either case, prior to termination of this Agreement (in each case of clauses
(i) and (ii) above, subject to Section 9.1). Without limiting the foregoing, and except as provided in Sections 8.3 and
this Section 8.2 (but subject to Section 9.1) and subject to the right to seek injunctions, specific performance or other
equitable relief in accordance with Section 10.6, the Parties sole right prior to the Closing with respect to any breach
of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement by another Party or with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be the right, if applicable, to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1.

55

8.3Fees and Expenses. Subject to Section 6.19 and Section 9.1, all Expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses; provided that (i) if the Closing occurs,
all expenses incurred by the Purchaser and by the Company will be paid or reimbursed by Pubco from the Trust Account, the Transaction
Financing, or other cash sources available to Pubco or its Subsidiaries at the Closing, subject to Section 7.1(g), (ii) all costs
and expenses (including the filing fee) of preparing and filing any required notices under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended, or any other Antitrust Laws shall be split equally between the Purchaser and the Company and (iii) all costs
and expenses of Pubco shall be split equally between the Purchaser and the Company.

8.4Survival. The representations and warranties of the Parties contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or instrument
delivered by or on behalf of the Parties or their respective Representatives pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the Closing,
and from and after the Closing, the Parties and their respective Representatives shall not have any further obligations, nor shall any
claim be asserted or action be brought against the Parties or their respective Representatives with respect thereto. The covenants and
agreements made by the Parties and their respective Representatives in this Agreement or in any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant
to this Agreement, including any rights arising out of any breach of such covenants or agreements, shall not survive the Closing, except
for those covenants and agreements contained herein and therein that by their terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after
the Closing (which such covenants shall survive the Closing and continue until fully performed in accordance with their terms).

Article
IX

WAIVERS AND RELEASES

9.1Waiver of Claims Against Trust. Reference is made to the IPO Prospectus. The Company hereby represents and warrants that
it has read the IPO Prospectus and understands that the Purchaser has established the Trust Account containing the proceeds of the IPO
and the overallotment shares acquired by the Purchasers underwriters and from certain private placements occurring simultaneously
with the IPO (including interest accrued from time to time thereon) for the benefit of the Purchasers public shareholders (including
overallotment shares acquired by the Purchasers underwriters) (the Public Shareholders) and that, except
as otherwise described in the IPO Prospectus, the Purchaser may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (a) to the Public Shareholders
in the event they elect to redeem their Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares in connection with (i) the consummation of its initial business
combination (as such term is used in the IPO Prospectus) (Business Combination), (ii) an amendment to the
Purchasers Organizational Documents to extend the Purchasers deadline to consummate a Business Combination or (iii) an amendment
to other provisions of the Purchasers Organizational Documents relating to Public Shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination
activity, (b) to the Public Shareholders if the Purchaser fails to consummate a Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months after
the closing of the IPO (or 27 months after the closing of the IPO if Purchaser has executed a letter of intent, agreement in
principle or definitive agreement for a Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months after the closing of the IPO), subject to
extension by an amendment to the Purchasers Organizational Documents, (c) with respect to any interest earned on the amounts held
in the Trust Account, (i) as necessary to fund Purchasers working capital requirements, subject to an annual limit of $1,000,000,
(ii) to pay any taxes and (iii) up to $100,000 in dissolution expenses, and (d) to the Purchaser after or concurrently with the consummation
of a Business Combination. For and in consideration of the Purchaser entering into this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company hereby agrees on behalf of itself and its Affiliates that, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, none of the Company nor any of its Affiliates do now or shall at any time hereafter have any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account or distributions therefrom, or make any claim against
the Trust Account (including any distributions therefrom), regardless of whether such claim arises as a result of, in connection with
or relating in any way to, this Agreement or any proposed or actual business relationship between the Purchaser or any of its Representatives,
on the one hand, and the Company or any of its Representatives, on the other hand, or any other matter, and regardless of whether such
claim arises based on contract, tort, equity or any other theory of legal liability (any and all such claims are collectively referred
to herein as, the Released Claims). The Company, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby irrevocably
waives any Released Claims that any such Party or any of its Affiliates may have against the Trust Account (including any distributions
therefrom) now or in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Purchaser or its
Representatives and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account (including any distributions therefrom) for any reason whatsoever
(including for an alleged breach of this Agreement or any other agreement with the Purchaser or its Affiliates). The Company agrees and
acknowledges that such irrevocable waiver is material to this Agreement and specifically relied upon by the Purchaser and its Affiliates
to induce the Purchaser to enter in this Agreement, and the Company further intends and understands such waiver to be valid, binding and
enforceable against such Party and each of its Affiliates under applicable Law. To the extent that the Company or any of its respective
Affiliates commences any Action based upon, in connection with, relating to or arising out of any matter relating to the Purchaser or
its Representatives, which proceeding seeks, in whole or in part, monetary relief against the Purchaser or its Representatives, the Company
hereby acknowledges and agrees that its and its Affiliates sole remedy shall be against funds held outside of the Trust Account
and that such claim shall not permit such Party or any of its Affiliates (or any Person claiming on any of their behalves or in lieu of
them) to have any claim against the Trust Account (including any distributions therefrom) or any amounts contained therein. In the event
that the Company or any of its respective Affiliates commences Action based upon, in connection with, relating to or arising out of any
matter relating to the Purchaser or its Representatives which proceeding seeks, in whole or in part, relief against the Trust Account
(including any distributions therefrom) or the Public Shareholders, whether in the form of money damages or injunctive relief, the Purchaser
and its Representatives, as applicable, shall be entitled to recover from the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, the associated
legal fees and costs in connection with any such Action, in the event the Purchaser or its Representatives, as applicable, prevails in
such Action. This Section 9.1 shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason and continue indefinitely.

56

Article
X

MISCELLANEOUS

10.1Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by electronic means (including email), with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii)
one Business Day after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) Business Days
after being mailed, if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to the applicable Party
at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to the Purchaser, Pubco, Company Merger Sub or 

Purchaser Merger
Sub at or prior to the Closing, to:

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J

Palm Beach, FL 33480

Attn: Omeed Malik

Email: 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: David Landau, Esq.; Meredith Laitner, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300

Email: dlandau@egsllp.com; 

mlaitner@egsllp.com

If to the Company or the Company Surviving Subsidiary, to:

Metroplex Trading Company, LLC

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 451-2300

Email: SFeldman@olshanlaw.com

If to Pubco after the Closing, to:

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 451-2300

Email: SFeldman@olshanlaw.com

10.2Binding Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of Law
or otherwise without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, Pubco and the Company, and any assignment without such consent shall
be null and void; provided that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning Party of its obligations hereunder.

10.3Third Parties. Except for the rights of the D&O Indemnified Persons set forth in Section 6.18, which the Parties
acknowledge and agree are express third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement or in any instrument
or document executed by any party in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall create any rights in, or be deemed to
have been executed for the benefit of, any Person that is not a Party hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a Party.

57

10.4Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of
the State of New York without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof, provided that matters that as a matter of the
laws of the Cayman Islands are required to be governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands (including, without limitation, in respect of
the Purchaser Merger and the fiduciary duties that may apply to the directors and officers of the Parties) shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to laws that may be applicable under conflicts of laws principles that
would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Cayman Islands to such matters. All Actions arising out of
or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal court located in New York, New York (or
in any appellate court thereof) (the Specified Courts). Each Party hereto hereby (a) submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of any Specified Courts for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any Party hereto
and (b) irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or otherwise, in any such Action, any claim that it
is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution,
that the Action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any Specified Courts. Each Party agrees that a final judgment in any Action shall be
conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Each Party irrevocably
consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any other Action relating to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of copies of such process to such Party at the applicable
address set forth in Section 10.1. Nothing in this Section 10.4 shall affect the right of any Party to serve legal process
in any other manner permitted by Law.

10.5WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE
OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.5.

10.6Specific Performance. Each Party acknowledges that the rights of each Party to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby are unique, recognizes and affirms that in the event of a breach of this Agreement by any Party, money damages may be inadequate
and the non-breaching Parties may have not adequate remedy at law, and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any
of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by an applicable Party in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. Accordingly, each Party shall be entitled to seek an injunction or restraining order to prevent breaches of this Agreement and
to seek to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the requirement to post any bond or other security or to prove
that money damages would be inadequate, this being in addition to any other right or remedy to which such Party may be entitled under
this Agreement, at law or in equity.

10.7Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction,
such provision shall be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent necessary to render the same valid, legal
and enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby nor shall the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby in any other jurisdiction. Upon
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties will substitute for
any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, legal and
enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision.

10.8Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented or modified only by execution of a written instrument signed by the
Purchaser and the Company.

58

10.9Waiver. The Purchaser on behalf of itself and its Affiliates and the Company on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, may
in its sole discretion (i) extend the time for the performance of any obligation or other act of any other non-Affiliated Party hereto,
(ii) waive any inaccuracy in the representations and warranties by such other non-Affiliated Party contained herein or in any document
delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance by such other non-Affiliated Party with any covenant or condition contained herein.
Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the Party or Parties to be bound thereby.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure or delay by a Party in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise of any other right hereunder.

10.10Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents or instruments referred to herein, including any exhibits and schedules
attached hereto, which exhibits and schedules are incorporated herein by reference, together with the Ancillary Documents, embody the
entire agreement and understanding of the Parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions,
promises, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein or the documents
or instruments referred to herein, which collectively supersede all prior agreements and the understandings among the Parties with respect
to the subject matter contained herein.

10.11Interpretation. The table of contents and the Article and Section headings contained in this Agreement are solely for the
purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the Parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and words in the singular, including any defined terms, include the plural and vice versa; (b) reference
to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are permitted
by this Agreement, and reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity; (c) any accounting term
used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement or any Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to such term in accordance with GAAP;
(d) including (and with correlative meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any
description preceding or succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation;
(e) the words herein, hereto, and hereby and other words of similar import in this Agreement
shall be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section or other subdivision of this Agreement;
(f) the word if and other words of similar import when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the phrase
and only if; (g) the term or means and/or; (h) any reference to the term ordinary course
or ordinary course of business shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words consistent with past practice;
(i) any agreement, instrument, insurance policy, Law or Order defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is
referred to herein means such agreement, instrument, insurance policy, Law or Order as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented,
including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of statutes, regulations, rules or orders)
by succession of comparable successor statutes, regulations, rules or orders and references to all attachments thereto and instruments
incorporated therein; (j) except as otherwise indicated, all references in this Agreement to the words Section, Article,
Schedule and Exhibit are intended to refer to Sections, Articles, Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement;
and (k) the term Dollars or $ means United States dollars. Any reference in this Agreement to a Persons
directors shall include any member of such Persons governing body and any reference in this Agreement to a Persons officers
shall include any Person filling a substantially similar position for such Person. Any reference in this Agreement or any Ancillary Document
to a Persons shareholders or stockholders shall include any applicable owners of the equity interests of such Person, in whatever
form, including with respect to the Purchaser its shareholders or stockholders under the Act or TBOC, as then applicable, or its Organizational
Documents. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Consequently, in the event an ambiguity
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties hereto, and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.
To the extent that any Contract, document, certificate or instrument is represented and warranted to by the Company to be given, delivered,
provided or made available by the Company, in order for such Contract, document, certificate or instrument to have been deemed to have
been given, delivered, provided and made available to the Purchaser or its Representatives, such Contract, document, certificate or instrument
shall have been posted to the electronic data site maintained on behalf of the Company for the benefit of the Purchaser and its Representatives
and the Purchaser and its Representatives have been given access to the electronic folders containing such information. The rights and
obligations of Purchaser Merger Sub under this Agreement shall not be effective until execution and delivery by Purchaser Merger Sub of
a Joinder. Without limiting the foregoing, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event that prior
to Purchaser Merger Subs execution and delivery of a Joinder, a Party seeks to take an action, omission, waiver or amendment that
requires the consent, approval or agreement of Purchaser Merger Sub under this Agreement, the consent, approval or agreement of Purchaser
Merger Sub shall not be required for purposes of this Agreement to take such action, omission, waiver or amendment.

59

10.12Counterparts. This Agreement and each Ancillary Document may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or other
electronic transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

10.13Legal Representation. The Parties agree that, notwithstanding the fact that EGS may have, prior to Closing, jointly represented
the Purchaser and/or the Sponsor in connection with this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, and has also represented the Purchaser and/or its Affiliates in connection with matters other than the transaction that is the
subject of this Agreement, EGS will be permitted in the future, after Closing, to represent one or more of the Sponsor or its respective
Affiliates in connection with matters in which such Persons are adverse to Pubco, the Purchaser or any of their respective Affiliates,
including any disputes arising out of, or related to, this Agreement. The Company, who is or has the right to be represented by independent
counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, hereby agree, in advance, to waive (and to cause their Affiliates
to waive) any actual or potential conflict of interest that may hereafter arise in connection with EGSs future representation of
one or more of the Sponsor or its Affiliates in which the interests of such Person are adverse to the interests of Pubco, the Purchaser,
the Company or any of their respective Affiliates, including any matters that arise out of this Agreement or that are substantially related
to this Agreement or to any prior representation by EGS of the Purchaser or any of their respective Affiliates. The Parties acknowledge
and agree that, for the purposes of the attorney-client privilege, the Sponsor shall be deemed a client of EGS with respect to the negotiation,
execution and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents. All such communications shall remain privileged after the Closing
and the privilege and the expectation of client confidence relating thereto shall belong solely to the Sponsor, shall be controlled by
the Sponsor and shall not pass to or be claimed by Pubco or the Surviving Subsidiaries; provided, further, that nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to be a waiver by the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, Pubco, the Surviving
Subsidiaries, and their respective Affiliates) of any applicable privileges or protections that can or may be asserted to prevent disclosure
of any such communications to any third party.

Article
XI

DEFINITIONS

11.1Certain Definitions. For purpose of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

Action
means any notice of noncompliance or violation, or any claim, demand, charge, action, suit, litigation, audit, settlement, complaint,
stipulation, assessment or arbitration, or any request (including any request for information), inquiry, hearing, proceeding or investigation,
by or before any Governmental Authority.

60

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with such
Person. For the avoidance of doubt, Sponsor shall be deemed to be an Affiliate or the Purchaser prior to the Closing

Ancillary Documents
means each agreement, instrument or document attached hereto as an Exhibit, and the other agreements, certificates and instruments to
be executed or delivered by any of the Parties hereto in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement.

ATF
means the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms & Explosives.

Benefit Plans
of any Person means any and all deferred compensation, executive compensation, incentive compensation, phantom equity, option, restricted
stock, restricted stock unit, equity purchase or other equity-based compensation plan, employment or consulting, severance, change in
control, retention or termination pay, employee or consultant loan program, vacation, sick, or other bonus, deferred compensation plan
or practice, hospitalization or other medical, life, death, disability or other insurance, fringe benefit, welfare, supplemental unemployment
benefits, profit sharing, pension, or retirement plan, program, agreement, commitment or arrangement, Foreign Pension Plan, and each other
employee benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement, including each employee benefit plan as such term is defined under
Section 3(3) of ERISA (including any similar plan subject to laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States), maintained or contributed
to or required to be contributed to by a Person for the benefit of any employee or former employee of such Person, or with respect to
which such Person has any Liability, whether direct or indirect, actual or contingent, whether formal or informal, and whether legally
binding or not.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking institutions in New York, New York and Texas
are authorized to close for business, excluding as a result of stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems, including for wire transfers, of commercially banking institutions in New
York, New York and Texas are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Cayman Registrar
means the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute thereto, as amended. Reference to a specific section of
the Code shall include such section and any valid treasury regulation promulgated thereunder.

Company Confidential
Information means all confidential or proprietary documents and information concerning the Company or any of its Representatives,
furnished in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that Company Confidential
Information shall not include any information which, (i) at the time of disclosure by the Purchaser or its Representatives, is generally
available publicly and was not disclosed in breach of this Agreement or (ii) at the time of the disclosure by the Company or its Representatives
to the Purchaser or its Representatives was previously known by such receiving party without violation of Law or any confidentiality obligation
by the Person receiving such Company Confidential Information.

61

Company Convertible
Securities means, collectively, any options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase any equity securities of the
Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or that otherwise confer on the holder any right to acquire any equity securities
of the Company (but excluding any Company Interests).

Company Fundamental
Representations means the representations and warranties specified in Section 5.1 (Organization and Standing),
Section 5.2 (Authorization; Binding Agreement); Section 5.3(a) (other than the first sentence of Section 5.3(a)) (Capitalization);
Section 5.3(b)(Capitalization); Section 5.6 (Non-Contravention); and Section 5.28 (Finders and Brokers).

Company Interests
means the issued and outstanding membership interests of the Company, each as represented by a Sharing Percentage.

Company Operating
Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Company Agreement of Metroplex Trading Company, LLC dated as of January
1, 2020.

Company Privacy
and Data Security Policies means all of the Company' past or present, internal or public-facing policies, notices, and
statements concerning the privacy, security, or Processing of Personal Information, including written information security policies.

Consent
means any consent, approval, waiver, authorization or Permit of, or notice to or declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority
or any other Person.

Contracts
means all contracts, agreements, binding arrangements, bonds, notes, indentures, mortgages, debt instruments, purchase order, licenses
(and all other contracts, agreements or binding arrangements concerning Intellectual Property), franchises, leases and other instruments
or obligations of any kind, written or oral (including any amendments and other modifications thereto).

Control
of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. Controlled, Controlling
and under common Control with have correlative meanings. Without limiting the foregoing a Person (the Controlled
Person) shall be deemed Controlled by (a) any other Person (i) owning beneficially, as meant in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act, securities entitling such Person to cast ten percent (10%) or more of the votes for election of directors or equivalent governing
authority of the Controlled Person or (ii) entitled to be allocated or receive ten percent (10%) or more of the profits, losses, or distributions
of the Controlled Person; (b) an officer, director, general partner, partner (other than a limited partner), manager, or member (other
than a member having no management authority that is not a Person described in clause (a) above) of the Controlled Person; or (c) a spouse,
parent, lineal descendant, sibling, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, sister-in-law, or brother-in-law of an Affiliate
of the Controlled Person or a trust for the benefit of an Affiliate of the Controlled Person or of which an Affiliate of the Controlled
Person is a trustee.

Copyrights
means any works of authorship, including but not limited to mask works, textual works, visual, pictorial, or graphical works, or compilations
of data or other information and all copyrights therein, including all renewals and extensions, copyright registrations and applications
for registration and renewal, and non-registered copyrights.

62

Environmental Law
means any Law in any way relating to (a) the protection of human health and safety, (b) the protection, preservation or restoration of
the environment and natural resources (including air, water vapor, surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, surface land, subsurface
land, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), or (c) the exposure to, or the use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation,
transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of Hazardous Materials, including the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 USC. Section 9601 et. seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 USC. Section 6901
et. seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 USC. Section 2601 et. seq., the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 USC. Section 1151
et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 USC. Section 7401 et seq., the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 USC. Section 111 et.
seq., Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 USC. Section 651 et. seq. (to the extent it relates to exposure to Hazardous Substances),
the Asbestos Hazard Emergency Response Act, 15 USC. Section 2601 et. seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 USC. Section 300f et. seq.,
the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and analogous state acts.

Environmental Liabilities
means, in respect of any Person, all Liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, Remedial Actions, Losses, damages, costs, and expenses
(including all reasonable fees, disbursements, and expenses of counsel, experts, and consultants and costs of investigation and feasibility
studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred as a result of any claim or demand by any other Person or in response to
any violation of Environmental Law, whether known or unknown, accrued or contingent, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express
warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute, to the extent based upon, related to, or arising under or pursuant to any Environmental
Law, Environmental Permit, Order, or Contract with any Governmental Authority or other Person, that relates to any environmental, health
or safety condition, violation of Environmental Law, or a Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials.

ERISA
means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA Affiliate
means each person (as defined in Section 3(9) of ERISA) which together with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would be deemed to
be a single employer within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

Exchange Act
means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Expenses
shall mean all fees, costs and expenses, including all out-of-pocket expenses (including all such fees, costs and expenses with respect
to counsel, accountants, investment bankers, financial advisors, financing sources, experts and consultants to a Party hereto or any of
its Affiliates, exchange listings, SEC filings, compliance with the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and obtaining
the Purchaser D&O Tail Insurance), incurred by a Party or on its behalf in connection with or related to the authorization, preparation,
negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement or any Ancillary Document related hereto and all other matters related to the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. With respect to the Purchaser, Expenses shall include any and all deferred
expenses (including fees or commissions payable to the underwriters and any legal fees) of the IPO upon consummation of a Business Combination
and any costs and expenses necessary for an Extension (such expenses, Extension Expenses). With respect to
the Company, the Expenses of the Company shall include any payments relating to the Employment Agreements due at or prior to the Closing.

Foreign Pension
Plan means any plan, fund (including, without limitation, any superannuation fund) or other similar program (other than
social security or social insurance) established or maintained outside of the United States by the Company or any one or more of its Affiliates
primarily for the benefit of employees of the Company or one or more of its Affiliates residing outside the United States, which plan,
fund or other program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be
made upon termination of employment, and which is not subject to ERISA or the Code.

63

Founder Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2023, by and among Purchaser, Sponsor
and the other Holders named therein.

Founder Shares
means an aggregate of 4,250,000 Purchaser Class B Ordinary Shares which were issued to the Sponsor in a private placement transaction.

Fraud Claim
means any claim based in whole or in part upon fraud, willful misconduct or intentional misrepresentation.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America.

Governmental Authority
means any federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental, quasi-governmental or administrative body, instrumentality, department
or agency or any court, tribunal, administrative hearing body, arbitration panel, commission, or other similar dispute-resolving panel
or body.

Hazardous Material
means any waste, gas, liquid or other substance or material that is defined, listed or designated as a hazardous substance,
pollutant, contaminant, hazardous waste, regulated substance, hazardous
chemical, or toxic chemical (or by any similar term) under any Environmental Law, or any other material regulated,
or that could result in the imposition of Liability or responsibility, under any Environmental Law, including petroleum and its by-products,
asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon, mold, and urea formaldehyde insulation.

Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (including the outstanding principal
and accrued but unpaid interest), (b) all obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables
incurred in the ordinary course of business), (c) any other indebtedness of such Person that is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture,
credit agreement or similar instrument, (d) all obligations of such Person under leases that should be classified as capital leases in
accordance with GAAP, (e) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor on any line or letter of credit, bankers
acceptance, guarantee or similar credit transaction, in each case, that has been drawn or claimed against, (f) all obligations of such
Person in respect of acceptances issued or created, (g) all interest rate and currency swaps, caps, collars and similar agreements or
hedging devices under which payments are obligated to be made by such Person, whether periodically or upon the happening of a contingency,
(h) all obligations secured by an Lien on any property of such Person, (i) any premiums, prepayment fees or other penalties, fees, costs
or expenses associated with payment of any Indebtedness of such Person and (j) all obligation described in clauses (a) through (i) above
of any other Person which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person or which such Person has agreed (contingently or otherwise)
to purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect of which it has otherwise assured a creditor against loss. For the avoidance of doubt,
charges to a credit card that do not accrue interest shall not constitute Indebtedness.

Insider Letter
Agreement means that certain letter agreement, dated as of November 20, 2023, by and among Purchaser, its officers and
directors and the Sponsor.

Intellectual Property
means all intangible property and embodiments thereof and rights therein, including, but not limited to Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights,
Internet Assets, Trade Secrets and any and all other rights, including but not limited to proprietary rights, relating to intangible
property anywhere in the world, and all registrations and applications related to any of the foregoing and analogous rights thereto anywhere
in the world.

64

Internet Assets
means any and all domain name registrations, web sites and web addresses and related rights, items and documentation related thereto,
and applications for registration therefor.

IPO
means the initial public offering of the Purchaser Public Units (and any successor equity thereto) pursuant to the IPO Prospectus.

IPO Prospectus
means the final prospectus of the Purchaser, dated as of November 20, 2023, and filed with the SEC on November 22, 2023 (File No. 333-274902
and 333-275674).

IPO Underwriter
means BTIG, LLC.

IRS
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (or any successor Governmental Authority).

Knowledge
means, with respect to (i) the Company, the actual knowledge of the executive officers, managers or directors of the Company, after reasonable
inquiry consistent with their respective job duties and functions or (ii) any other Party, (A) if an entity, the actual knowledge of its
directors and executive officers, after reasonable inquiry consistent with their respective job duties and functions, or (B) if a natural
person, the actual knowledge of such Party after reasonable inquiry consistent with their respective job duties and functions.

Law
means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, legislation, principle of common law, ordinance, code, edict,
decree, proclamation, treaty, convention, rule, regulation, directive, requirement, writ, injunction, settlement, Order or Consent that
is or has been issued, enacted, adopted, passed, approved, promulgated, made, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the
authority of any Governmental Authority.

Liabilities
means any and all liabilities, Indebtedness, Actions or obligations of any nature (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise,
whether known or unknown, whether direct or indirect, whether matured or unmatured, whether due or to become due and whether or not required
to be recorded or reflected on a balance sheet under GAAP or other applicable accounting standards), including Tax liabilities due or
to become due.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, attachment, right of first refusal, option, proxy, voting trust, encumbrance, lien or charge
of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof), restriction (whether on
voting, sale, transfer, disposition or otherwise), any subordination arrangement in favor of another Person, or any filing or agreement
to file a financing statement as debtor under the Uniform Commercial Code or any similar Law.

Loss
means any and all losses, obligations, penalties, amounts paid in settlement, damages (including consequential damages), amounts paid
in settlement, costs and expenses (including reasonable expenses of investigation, court costs and attorneys fees and expenses),
diminution in value, Taxes, Liens and interest, in each case arising out of or related to any Action, Order or other Liability.

65

Material Adverse
Effect means, with respect to any specified Person, any fact, event, occurrence, change or effect that has had, or would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect upon (a) the business, assets, Liabilities,
results of operations, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) the
ability of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries on a timely basis to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Ancillary Documents to which it is a party or bound or to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder; provided, however, that
for purposes of clause (a) above, any changes or effects directly or indirectly attributable to, resulting from, relating to or arising
out of the following (by themselves or when aggregated with any other, changes or effects) shall not be deemed to be, constitute, or be
taken into account when determining whether there has or may, would or could have occurred a Material Adverse Effect: (i) general changes
in the financial or securities markets or general economic or political conditions in the country or region in which such Person or any
of its Subsidiaries do business; (ii) changes, conditions or effects that generally affect the industries in which such Person or any
of its Subsidiaries principally operate; (iii) changes in GAAP or other applicable accounting principles or mandatory changes in the regulatory
accounting requirements applicable to any industry in which such Person and its Subsidiaries principally operate; (iv) conditions caused
by acts of God, terrorism, war (whether or not declared), earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, wild fires,
weather conditions, natural or man-made disasters, emergencies, calamities, epidemics, pandemics, disease outbreaks, other acts of God
or other force majeure events in the United States or other political conditions or natural disasters; (v) any failure in and of itself
by such Person and its Subsidiaries to meet any internal or published budgets, projections, forecasts or predictions of financial performance
for any period (provided that the underlying cause of any such failure may be considered in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect
has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur to the extent not excluded by another exception herein); (vi), with respect to the
Purchaser, the consummation and effects of the Redemption (or any redemption in connection with the Extension) and (vii) with respect
to the Company, any action taken by the Company at the written request of the Purchaser, provided that any such action is taken by the
Company in accordance with the express terms of such request; provided further, however, that any event, occurrence, fact, condition,
or change referred to in clauses (i) - (iv) immediately above shall be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect
has occurred or could reasonably be expected to occur to the extent that such event, occurrence, fact, condition, or change has a disproportionate
effect on such Person or any of its Subsidiaries compared to other participants in the industries in which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries
primarily conducts its businesses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the Purchaser, the amount of the Redemption (or any
redemption in connection with the Extension, if any) or the failure to obtain the Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval shall not be
deemed to be a Material Adverse Effect on or with respect to the Purchaser.

NYSE
means The New York Stock Exchange.

Order
means any order, decree, ruling, judgment, injunction, writ, determination, binding decision, verdict, judicial award or other action
that is or has been made, entered, rendered, or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority.

Organizational
Documents means, with respect to any Person that is an entity, its certificate of incorporation or formation, bylaws, operating
agreement, memorandum and articles of association or similar organizational documents, in each case, as amended and/or restated.

Patents
means any patents, patent applications and the inventions, designs and improvements described and claimed therein, patentable inventions,
and other patent rights (including any divisionals, provisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions, reexamined patents
or reissues thereof, whether or not patents are issued on any such applications and whether or not any such applications are amended,
modified, divided, continued, abandoned, withdrawn, or refiled).

PCAOB
means the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (or any successor thereto).

Permits
means all federal, state, local or foreign or other third-party permits, grants, easements, filings, accreditations, consents, approvals,
authorizations, exemptions, licenses, franchises, concessions, ratifications, permissions, clearances, confirmations, endorsements, waivers,
certifications, designations, ratings, registrations, qualifications or orders of any Governmental Authority or any other Person.

66

Permitted Liens
means (a) Liens for Taxes or assessments and similar governmental charges or levies, which either are (i) not delinquent or (ii) being
contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, and adequate reserves have been established with respect thereto, (b) other Liens
imposed by operation of Law arising in the ordinary course of business for amounts which are not due and payable and as would not in the
aggregate materially adversely affect the value of, or materially adversely interfere with the use of, the property subject thereto, (c)
Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with social security, (d) Liens on goods in transit incurred
pursuant to documentary letters of credit or operational expenses, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business, (e) Liens
arising under this Agreement or any Ancillary Document, and (f) those Liens set forth on Schedule 5.17.

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership or limited liability partnership),
limited liability company, exempted company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a government, domestic or foreign,
or political subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Personal Information
means any information that either directly or indirectly identifies or, alone or in combination with any other information, could reasonably
be used to identify, locate, or contact a natural Person, or that relates or links to, or is reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable
individual, including name, street address, telephone number, email address, identification number issued by a Governmental Authority,
credit card number, bank information, customer or account number, online identifier, device identifier, IP address, browsing history,
search history, or other website, application, or online activity or usage data, location data, biometric data, medical or health information,
or any other information that is considered personally identifiable information, personal information, or
personal data under applicable Law, and all data associated with any of the foregoing that are or could reasonably be used
to develop a profile or record of the activities of a natural Person across multiple websites or online services, to predict or infer
the preferences, interests, or other characteristics of a natural Person, or to target advertisements or other content or products or
services to a natural Person.

Personal Property
means any machinery, equipment, tools, vehicles, furniture, leasehold improvements, office equipment, plant, parts and other tangible
personal property.

Privacy Laws
means all applicable Laws, Orders, and binding guidance issued by any Governmental Authority concerning the privacy, security, or Processing
of Personal Information (including Laws of jurisdictions where Personal Information was collected), including, as applicable, data breach
notification Laws, consumer protection Laws, Laws concerning requirements for website and mobile application privacy policies and practices,
Social Security number protection Laws, data security Laws, and Laws concerning email, text message, or telephone communications. Without
limiting the foregoing, Privacy Laws include: the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Telemarketing
and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003, the Childrens
Online Privacy Protection Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction
Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended and supplemented by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Family Educational
Rights and Privacy Act, the GDPR, and all other similar international, federal, state, provincial, and local Laws.

67

Pro Rata Cash Consideration
means an amount of cash equal to (a) the Aggregate Cash Consideration, multiplied by (b) the Sharing Percentage as expressed as
a fraction.

Pro Rata Stock
Consideration means a number of shares (or fractions thereof) of Pubco Common Stock equal to (a) the Aggregate Stock Consideration
multiplied by (b) the Sharing Percentage as expressed as a fraction.

Processing
means any operation performed on Personal Information or that relevant Privacy Laws include in the definition of processing, processes,
or process, including the collection, creation, receipt, access, use, handling, recording, compilation, analysis, organizing, monitoring,
maintenance, retention, storage, holding, transmission, transfer, protection, disclosure, amendment, distribution, erasure, destruction,
or disposal of Personal Information.

Pubco Common Stock
means the shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Pubco, along with any equity securities paid as dividends or distributions
after the Closing with respect to such shares or into which such shares are exchanged or converted after the Closing.

Pubco Private Warrants
means one whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of Pubco Common Stock at a price of $11.50 per share.

Pubco Public Warrants
means one whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of Pubco Common Stock at a price of $11.50 per share.

Pubco Securities
means the Pubco Common Stock and the Pubco Warrants, collectively.

Pubco Warrants
means Pubco Private Warrants and Pubco Public Warrants, collectively.

Purchaser Class
A Ordinary Shares means the Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Purchaser.

Purchaser Class
B Ordinary Shares means the Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Purchaser.

Purchaser Confidential
Information means all confidential or proprietary documents and information concerning the Purchaser or any of their respective
Representatives; provided, however, that the Purchaser Confidential Information shall not include any information which, (i) at
the time of disclosure by the Company or any of its Representatives, is generally available publicly and was not disclosed in breach of
this Agreement or (ii) at the time of the disclosure by the Purchaser or its Representatives to the Company or any of its Representatives,
was previously known by such receiving party without violation of Law or any confidentiality obligation by the Person receiving such the
Purchaser Confidential Information. For the avoidance of doubt, from and after the Closing, the Purchaser Confidential Information will
include the confidential or proprietary information of the Company.

Purchaser Fundamental
Representations means the representations and warranties specified in Section 3.1 (Organization and Standing),
Section 3.2 (Authorization; Binding Agreement); Section 3.4 (Non-Contravention); Section 3.5(a) (other than the
first sentence of Section 3.5(a)) (Capitalization); Section 3.5(b) (Capitalization); and Section 3.16 (Finders and Brokers).

68

Purchaser Merger
Sub Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares, par value $1.00 per share, of Purchaser Merger Sub.

Purchaser Ordinary
Shares means the Purchaser Class A Ordinary Shares and the Purchaser Class B Ordinary Shares, collectively.

Purchaser Organizational
Documents means, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Purchaser filed with the Cayman Registrar
on November 21, 2023 and as they may be amended and/or restated from time to time.

Purchaser Preference
Shares means preference shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Purchaser.

Purchaser Private
Warrants means one (1) whole warrant that was issued to the Sponsor in a private placement that closed simultaneously with
the IPO, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one (1) Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share at a purchase price
of $11.50 per share.

Purchaser Public
Units means the units issued in the IPO (including overallotment units acquired by the Purchasers underwriter) consisting
of one Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share and one-third (1/3) of one Purchaser Public Warrant.

Purchaser Public
Warrants means one whole warrant that was included in as part of each the Purchaser Public Unit, entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one (1) Purchaser Class A Ordinary Share at a purchase price of $11.50 per share.

Purchaser Securities
means Purchaser Public Units, Purchaser Ordinary Shares, the Purchaser Preference Shares and Purchaser Warrants, collectively.

Purchaser Warrants
means Purchaser Private Warrants and Purchaser Public Warrants, collectively.

Release
means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, or leaching into the indoor
or outdoor environment, or into or out of any property.

Remedial Action
means all actions to (i) clean up, remove, treat, or in any other way address any Hazardous Material, (ii) prevent the Release of any
Hazardous Material so it does not endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, (iii)
perform pre-remedial studies and investigations or post-remedial monitoring and care, or (iv) correct a condition of noncompliance with
Environmental Laws.

Representatives
means, as to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective managers, directors, officers, employees, independent contractors,
consultants, advisors (including financial advisors, counsel and accountants), agents and other legal representatives of such Person or
its Affiliates.

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor Governmental Authority).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

69

Sharing Percentage
means a Sellers interest in the Company as set forth on Exhibit A to the Company Operating Agreement.

Software
means any computer software programs, including all source code, object code, and documentation related thereto and all software modules,
libraries, repositories, tools and databases.

SOX
means the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.

Sponsor
means Colombier Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a
majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election
of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of
the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, association or other business entity, a majority
of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any Person
or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons will be deemed to have a
majority ownership interest in a partnership, association or other business entity if such Person or Persons will be allocated a majority
of partnership, association or other business entity gains or losses or will be or control the managing director, managing member, general
partner or other managing Person of such partnership, association or other business entity. A Subsidiary of a Person will also include
any variable interest entity which is consolidated with such Person under applicable accounting rules.

Tax Return
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or other documents (including any related or supporting schedules,
statements or information) filed or required to be filed in connection with the determination, assessment or collection of any Taxes or
the administration of any Laws or administrative requirements relating to any Taxes.

Taxes
means (a) all direct or indirect federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, value-added,
ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, tax collected at source, equalization levy,
payroll, employment, social security and related contributions due in relation to the payment of compensation to employees, excise, severance,
stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, alternative minimum, estimated, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments
or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto,
(b) any Liability for payment of amounts described in clause (a) whether as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated,
combined or unitary group for any period or otherwise through operation of law and (c) any Liability for the payment of amounts described
in clauses (a) or (b) as a result of any tax sharing, tax group, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement with, or any other express
or implied agreement to indemnify, any other Person.

Trade Secrets
means any trade secrets, confidential business information, concepts, ideas, designs, research or development information, processes,
procedures, techniques, technical information, specifications, operating and maintenance manuals, engineering drawings, methods, know-how,
data, mask works, discoveries, inventions, modifications, extensions, improvements, and other proprietary rights (whether or not patentable
or subject to copyright, trademark, or trade secret protection).

Trademarks
means any trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, brand names, internet domain names, designs, logos, or corporate names
(including, in each case, the goodwill associated therewith), whether registered or unregistered, and all registrations and applications
for registration and renewal thereof.

70

Trading Day
means any day on which shares of Pubco Common Stock are actually traded on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which
the Pubco Common Stock are then traded.

Transaction Expenses
means all fees and expenses of any of the Company incurred or payable as of the Closing and not paid prior to the Closing (i) in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including any amounts payable to professionals (including investment bankers,
brokers, finders, attorneys, accountants and other consultants and advisors) retained by or on behalf of the Company, (ii) any change
in control bonus, transaction bonus, retention bonus, termination or severance payment or payment relating to terminated options, warrants
or other equity appreciation, phantom equity, profit participation or similar rights, in any case, to be made to any current or former
employee, independent contractor, director or officer of the Company at or after the Closing pursuant to any agreement to which the Company
is a party prior to the Closing which become payable (including if subject to continued employment) as a result of the execution of this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including all employment, payroll, and other applicable Taxes on
such payments and (iii) any sales, use, real property transfer, stamp, stock transfer or other similar transfer Taxes imposed on the Purchaser
or the Company in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Transaction Financing
means a capital raising transaction in connection with the Transactions structured as one or a combination of common equity, preferred
equity, convertible equity or debt, non-redemption or backstop arrangements with respect to the Trust Account, a committed equity facility,
debt facility, and/or other sources of cash or cash equivalents, in each case, whether such investment is into Purchaser, the Company
or Pubco.

Transactions
means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, including the Mergers.

Trust Account
means the trust account established by the Purchaser with the proceeds from the IPO pursuant to the Trust Agreement in accordance with
the IPO Prospectus.

Trust Agreement
means that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2023, as it may be amended, by and between the Purchaser
and the Trustee, as well as any other agreements entered into related to or governing the Trust Account.

Trustee
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee under the Trust Agreement.

VWAP
means, for any security as of any date(s), the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which such security is then traded during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for
such security during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing
bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the
VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date(s) on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date(s) shall
be the fair market value as determined reasonably and in good faith by a majority of the disinterested independent directors of the board
of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the applicable issuer. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, consolidation, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

71

11.2Section References. The following capitalized terms, as used in this Agreement, have the respective meanings given to them
in the Section as set forth below adjacent to such terms:

Term Section

Acquisition Proposal 6.6(a)

Act 1.1

Agreement Preamble

Aggregate Cash Consideration 1.8(a)

Aggregate Stock Consideration 1.8(a)

Alternative Transaction 6.6(a)

Amended Pubco Charter 7.2(j)

Antitrust Laws 6.9(b)

Audit Delivery Date 6.4(a)

Audited Financials 6.4(a)

Business Combination 9.1

Cayman Registrar 1.3

Change in Recommendation 6.6(b)

Change in Recommendation Notice 6.6(d)

Change in Recommendation Notice Period 6.6(d)

Closing 2.1

Closing Date 2.1

Closing Filing 6.14(b)

Closing Press Release 6.14(b)

Company Preamble

Company Benefit Plan 5.19(a)

Company Business Recitals

Company Certificate of Merger 1.3

Company Directors 6.17(a)

Company Disclosure Schedules Article IV

Company Financials 6.4(a)

Company Interests 11.1

Company IP 5.13(d)

Company IP Licenses 5.13(a)

Company Material Contracts 5.12(a)

Company Merger Recitals

Company Merger Sub Preamble

Company Permits 5.10

Company Real Property Leases 5.15

Company Registered IP 5.13(a)

Company Special Meeting 6.13

Company Surviving Subsidiary 1.2

D&O Indemnified Persons 6.18(a)

Effective Time 1.3

EGS 2.1

Employment Agreement Recital

Enforceability Exceptions 3.2

Environmental Permits 5.20(a)

Exchange Agent 1.12(a)

Excluded Interests 1.10(b)

Extension 6.3(a)

72

Term Section

Extension Expenses 11.1

Financing Agreement 6.20(a)

Firearms Regulations 5.9(b)

Federal Securities Laws 6.7

Incentive Plan 6.12(a)

Insider Letter Amendment Approval 6.12(a)

Interim Period 6.1(a)

Joinder Recitals

Letter of Transmittal 1.12(b)

Lock-Up Agreement Recitals

Merger Consideration 1.8(a)

Merger Subs Preamble

Non-Competition Agreement Recitals

Off-the-Shelf Software 5.13(a)

Outside Date 8.1(b)

Party(ies) Preamble

Post-Closing Equity Plan 6.12(a)

Post-Closing Pubco Board 6.17(a)

Privacy Agreement 5.26(a)

Proxy Statement 6.12(a)

Pubco Preamble

Pubco Stockholder Agreement Recitals

Public Certifications 3.6(a)

Public Shareholders 9.1

Purchaser Preamble

Purchaser Board Recommendation Recitals

Purchaser D&O Tail Insurance 6.18(c)

Purchaser Directors 6.17(a)

Purchaser Disclosure Schedules Article III

Purchaser Financials 3.6(b)

Purchaser Material Contract 3.13(a)

Purchaser Merger Recitals

Purchaser Merger Documents 1.3

Purchaser Merger Sub Preamble

Purchaser Merger Plan of Merger 1.3

Purchaser Shareholder Approval Matters 6.12(a)

Purchaser Special Meeting 6.12(a)

Purchaser Surviving Subsidiary 1.1

Redemption 6.12(a)

Registration Statement 6.12(a)

Related Person 5.21

Released Claims 9.1

Required Company Member Approval 7.1(b)

Required Purchaser Shareholder Approval 7.1(a)

73

Term Section

Responsible Person 5.10(b)

SEC Approval Date 6.12(d)

SEC Reports 3.6(a)

Section 409A Plan 5.19(k)

Security Incident 5.26(c)

Sellers 1.8(a)

Signing Filing 6.14(b)

Signing Press Release 6.14(b)

Special Resolution 1.3

Specified Courts 10.4

Surviving Subsidiaries 1.2

Top Customers 5.24

Top Suppliers 5.24

Transmittal Documents 1.12(d)

TBOC 1.2

Unaudited Financials 5.7(a)

{REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS}

74

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party
hereto has caused this Business Combination Agreement to be signed and delivered as of the date first written above.

The Purchaser:

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Pubco:

GRABAGUN DIGITAL HOLDINGS INC.

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Company Merger Sub:

GAUGE II MERGER SUB LLC

By: GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., its sole member

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

The Company:

METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/ Marc Nemati

Name: Marc Nemati

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

75
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022691801ex10-1_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SELLER SUPPORT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II, METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC (D/B/A GRABAGUN) AND SELLERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FORM OF SELLER SUPPORT AGREEMENT 

This Seller Support Agreement
(this Agreement) is made as of January 6, 2025 by and among (i) Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman
Islands exempted company registered with limited liability and share capital (together with its successors (as defined below), the Purchaser),
(ii) Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company (the Company),
and (iii) the undersigned holders of membership interests and/or interests convertible into membership interests (collectively, the Holders
and each, a Holder) of the Company. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Agreement will have
the meaning ascribed to such term in the Business Combination Agreement.

WHEREAS, on or about
the date hereof, (i) the Purchaser, (ii) GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation fifty-percent owned by the Purchaser
and fifty-percent owned by the Company (Pubco), (iii) the Company, (iv) Gauge II Merger Sub LLC,
a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub) entered into
that certain Business Combination Agreement (as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the Business
Combination Agreement) and, following the date hereof, a to-be-formed Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco to be named Gauge II Merger Sub Corp. (Purchaser Merger Sub) shall
execute a joinder to the Business Combination Agreement and become a party thereto, pursuant to which and subject to the terms and conditions
thereof, among other matters, upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing):
(a) in accordance with the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act), Purchaser Merger
Sub will merge with and into the Purchaser, with the Purchaser continuing as the surviving entity (the Purchaser Merger)
and each issued and outstanding security of the Purchaser immediately prior to the effective time of the Purchaser Merger shall no longer
be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent
Pubco security; (b) in accordance with the Business Organizations Code of the State of Texas (TBOC) Company
Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity (the Company Merger
and together with the Purchaser Merger, the Mergers) and each issued and outstanding security of the Company
immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in
exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of shares of common stock of Pubco; and (c) as a result of such Mergers, the Purchaser
and the Company will become wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco and Pubco will become a publicly traded company, all in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and TBOC;

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof, each Holder owns the membership interest of the Company, represented as a percentage of ownership, or other equity interests
of the Company which such Holder beneficially owns, holds or otherwise has voting power (the Membership Interests)
as set forth on Exhibit A (the Membership Interests); and

WHEREAS, as a condition
to the willingness of the Purchaser to enter into the Business Combination Agreement, and as an inducement and in consideration therefor,
and in view of the valuable consideration to be received by each Holder thereunder, and the expenses and efforts to be undertaken by the
Purchaser and the Company to consummate the Business Combination Agreement, the Ancillary Documents, the Company Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by any such documents (collectively, the Transactions), the Purchaser, the Company
and such Holder desire to enter into this Agreement in order for such Holder to provide certain assurances to the Purchaser regarding
the manner in which such Holder is bound hereunder to vote its Membership Interests during the period from and including the date hereof
through and including the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms (the Voting Period)
with respect to the Business Combination Agreement, the Company Merger, the Ancillary Documents and the Transactions.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises set forth above, which are incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and intending to
be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Covenant
to Vote in Favor of Transactions and Other Actions in Connection with the Transactions. Each Holder, in its capacity as a Company
Member (as defined below), and solely with respect to such Holder and not with respect to any other Holder, agrees, with respect to all
of the Membership Interests:

(a) during
the Voting Period, at each meeting of the members of the Company (the Company Members) or any class or series
thereof, and in each written consent or resolutions of any of the Company Members in which such Holder is entitled to vote or consent
as a member of the Company, such Holder hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to be present for such meeting or otherwise be counted
as present thereat for the purpose of establishing a quorum and vote (in person or by proxy), or consent to any action by written consent
or resolution, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companys Operating Agreement dated January 1, 2020, and with
respect to, as applicable, the Membership Interests (i) in favor of, and adopt, the Company Merger, the Business Combination Agreement,
the Ancillary Documents, any amendments to the Companys Organizational Documents (including the Company Operating Agreement), and
all of the other Transactions (and any actions required in furtherance thereof), (ii) in favor of the other matters set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement, and (iii) in opposition to: (A) any Acquisition Proposal or Alternative Transaction and any and all other proposals
(x) for the acquisition of the Company, (y) that could reasonably be expected to delay or impair the ability of the Company to consummate
the Company Merger, the Business Combination Agreement or any of the Transactions, or (z) which are in competition with or materially
inconsistent with the Business Combination Agreement or the Ancillary Documents; (B) other than as contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, any material change in (x) the present capitalization of the Company or any amendment of the Companys
Organizational Documents (including the Company Operating Agreement) or (y) the Companys limited liability company structure or
business; or (C) any other action or proposal involving any Target Company that is intended, or would reasonably be expected, to prevent,
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or adversely affect in any material respect the Transactions or would reasonably be expected to
result in any of the conditions to the Closing under the Business Combination Agreement not being fulfilled;

(b) to
promptly execute and deliver all related documentation and take such other action in support of the Company Merger, the Business Combination
Agreement, any Ancillary Documents and any of the Transactions as shall reasonably be requested by Pubco, the Company or the Purchaser
in order to carry out the terms and provision of this Section 1, including, without limitation, (i) execution and delivery to the
Company of a Letter of Transmittal and the Transmittal Documents, (ii) if applicable, delivery of such Holders Company Certificate
(or a Lost Certificate Affidavit in lieu of the Company Certificate), duly endorsed for transfer, to Pubco and any similar or related
documents and such other documents as may be reasonably requested by Pubco or the Purchaser or the Exchange Agent, (iii) any actions by
written consent of the Company Members presented to such Holder, and (iv) any applicable Ancillary Documents (including, without limitation,
a Lock-Up Agreement and a Non-Competition Agreement), customary instruments of conveyance and transfer, and any consent, waiver, governmental
filing, and any similar or related documents;

(c) not
to deposit, and to cause their Affiliates not to deposit, except as provided in this Agreement, any Membership Interests owned by such
Holder or his/her/its Affiliates in a voting trust or subject any Membership Interests to any arrangement or agreement with respect to
the voting of such Membership Interests, unless specifically requested to do so by the Company and the Purchaser in connection with the
Business Combination Agreement, the Ancillary Documents or the Transactions;

2

(d) except
as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, not make, or in any manner participate in, directly
or indirectly, a solicitation of proxies or consents (as such terms are used in the rules of the SEC) or powers
of attorney or similar rights to vote, or seek to advise or influence any Person with respect to the voting of, any Membership Interests
in connection with any vote or other action with respect to the Transactions, other than to recommend that the members of the Company
vote in favor of adoption of the Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions and any other proposal the approval of which is a
condition to the obligations of the parties under the Business Combination Agreement (and any actions required in furtherance thereof
and otherwise as expressly provided by Section 1 of this Agreement);

(e) to
refrain from exercising any dissenters rights or rights of appraisal under applicable Law at any time with respect to the Company
Merger, the Business Combination Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and any of the Transactions, including pursuant to the TBOC.

2.
Grant of Proxy. Each Holder, with respect to all of such Holders Membership Interests, hereby irrevocably grants to,
and appoints, the Purchaser and any designee of the Purchaser (determined in the Purchasers sole discretion) as such Holders
attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for and in such Holders name, to vote, or cause
to be voted (including by proxy or written consent, if applicable) any Membership Interests owned (whether beneficially or of record)
by such Holder as of the date hereof and as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, with respect to any vote related to the Business
Combination Agreement and the Transactions. The proxy granted by such Holder pursuant to this Section 2 is irrevocable and is granted
in consideration of the Purchaser entering into this Agreement and the Business Combination Agreement and incurring certain related fees
and expenses. Each Holder hereby affirms that such irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest by reason of the Business Combination
Agreement and, except upon the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 5(a), is intended to be irrevocable. Each
Holder agrees, until this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 5(a), to vote its Membership Interests in accordance
with Section 1 above.

3. Other
Covenants. 

(a) No
Transfers. Each Holder agrees that during the Voting Period it shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, without the Purchasers
prior written consent, (A) offer for sale, sell (including short sales), transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose
of (including by gift) (collectively, a Transfer), (B) enter into any contract, option, derivative, hedging
or other agreement or arrangement or understanding (including any profit-sharing arrangement) with respect to, or consent to, a Transfer
of, any or all of the Membership Interests; (C) grant any proxies or powers of attorney with respect to any or all of the Membership Interests;
(D) permit to exist any lien of any nature whatsoever (other than those imposed by this Agreement, applicable securities Laws or the Companys
Organizational Documents (including the Company Operating Agreement), as in effect on the date hereof) with respect to any or all of the
Membership Interests; or (D) take any action that would have the effect of preventing, impeding, interfering with or adversely affecting
such Holders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Company hereby agrees that it shall not permit any Transfer
of the Membership Interests made in violation of this Agreement. Each Holder agrees with, and covenants to, the Purchaser that such Holder
shall not request that the Company register the Transfer (book-entry or otherwise) of any certificate or uncertificated interest representing
any Membership Interests during the term of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, and the Company hereby
agrees that it shall not effect any such Transfer.

3

(b) Changes
to Membership Interests. In the event of an equity distribution, or any change in the equity interests of the Company by reason of
any equity distribution, equity split, recapitalization, combination, conversion, exchange of equity interests or the like, the term Membership
Interests shall be deemed to refer to and include the Membership Interests as well as all such equity distributions and any securities
into which or for which any or all of the Membership Interests may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.
Each Holder agrees during the Voting Period to notify the Purchaser and the Company promptly in writing of the number and type of any
changes to Holders ownership of or voting rights with respect to the Membership Interests, upon Holders acquisition or commitment
to acquire any additional Membership Interests or upon any other changes involving Holder relating to the equity interests or securities
convertible or exercisable for equity interests of the Company.

(c) Compliance
with Business Combination Agreement. Each Holder agrees during the Voting Period not to take or agree or commit to take any action
that would make any representation and warranty of such Holder contained in this Agreement inaccurate in any material respect. Each Holder
further agrees that it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Purchaser to effect the Company Merger, all
other Transactions, the Business Combination Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the provisions of this Agreement. During the Voting
Period, each Holder shall not authorize or permit any of its Representatives to, directly or indirectly, take any action that the Company
is prohibited from taking pursuant to Section 6.2 of the Business Combination Agreement (unless the Purchaser shall have consented
thereto).

(d) Registration
Statement. During the Voting Period, each Holder agrees to provide to Pubco, the Purchaser, the Company and their respective Representatives
any information regarding such Holder or the Membership Interests that is reasonably requested by Pubco, the Purchaser, Company or their
respective Representatives for inclusion in the Registration Statement.

(e) Publicity.
No Holder shall issue any press release or otherwise make any public statements with respect to the Transactions or the transactions contemplated
herein without the prior written approval of the Company and the Purchaser. Each Holder hereby authorizes the Company and the Purchaser
to publish and disclose in any announcement or disclosure required by the SEC, NYSE or the Registration Statement (including all documents
and schedules filed with the SEC in connection with the foregoing), such Holders identity and ownership of the Membership Interests
and the nature of such Holders commitments and agreements under this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and any other
Ancillary Documents.

4. Representations
and Warranties of Holders. Each Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser and the Company as follows:

(a) Binding
Agreement. Such Holder (i) if a natural person, is of legal age to execute this Agreement and is legally competent to do so and (ii)
if not a natural person, is (A) a corporation, limited liability company, company or partnership duly organized and validly existing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (B) has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement,
to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. If such Holder is not a natural person, the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by such Holder has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability or partnership action on the part of such
Holder, as applicable. This Agreement, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the other parties hereto, constitutes
a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Holder, enforceable against such Holder in accordance with its terms (except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights, and to general equitable principles). Such Holder understands and acknowledges that
the Purchaser is entering into the Business Combination Agreement in reliance upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such
Holder.

4

(b) Ownership
of Membership Interests. As of the date hereof, such Holder has beneficial ownership over the Membership Interests as set forth on
Exhibit A, is the lawful owner of such Membership Interests, has the sole power to vote or cause to be voted such Membership Interests
(to the extent the Membership Interests have associated voting rights), and, except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement), has good and valid title to such Membership Interests, free and clear of any and all pledges, mortgages, encumbrances, charges,
proxies, voting agreements, liens, adverse claims, options, security interests and demands of any nature or kind whatsoever, other than
those imposed by this Agreement, applicable securities Laws or the Companys Organizational Documents (including the Company Operating
Agreement), as in effect on the date hereof. There are no claims for finders fees or brokerage commission or other like payments
in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby payable by such Holder pursuant to arrangements made by such
Holder. Except for the Membership Interests of the Company set forth on Exhibit A, as of the date of this Agreement, such Holder is not
a beneficial owner or record holder of any: (i) equity securities of the Company, (ii) securities of the Company having the right to vote
on any matters on which the holders of equity securities of the Company may vote or which are convertible into or exchangeable for, at
any time, equity securities of the Company or (iii) options, warrants or other rights to acquire from the Company any equity securities
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities of the Company.

(c) No
Conflicts. No filing with, or notification to, any Governmental Authority, and no consent, approval, authorization or permit of any
other person is necessary for the execution of this Agreement by such Holder, the performance of its obligations hereunder or the consummation
by it of the transactions contemplated hereby. None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Holder, the performance of
its obligations hereunder or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby shall (i) conflict with or result in any breach
of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other comparable organizational documents of such Holder, if applicable, (ii) result in,
or give rise to, a violation or breach of or a default under any of the terms of any Contract or obligation to which such Holder is a
party or by which such Holder or any of the Membership Interests or its other assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any applicable Law
or Order, except for any of the foregoing in clauses (i) through (iii) as would not reasonably be expected to impair such Holders
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.

(d) No Inconsistent
Agreements. Holder hereby covenants and agrees that, except for this Agreement, Holder (i) has not entered into, nor will enter into
at any time while this Agreement remains in effect, any voting agreement or voting trust with respect to the Membership Interests, (ii)
has not granted, nor will grant at any time while this Agreement remains in effect, a proxy, a consent or power of attorney with respect
to the Membership Interests and (iii) has not entered into any agreement or knowingly taken any action (nor will enter into any agreement
or knowingly take any action) that would make any representation or warranty of Holder contained herein untrue or incorrect in any material
respect or have the effect of preventing Holder from performing any of its material obligations under this Agreement.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a) Termination.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Agreement shall automatically terminate, and none of the Purchaser, the
Company or any Holder shall have any rights or obligations hereunder, upon the earliest to occur of (i) the mutual written consent of
the Purchaser and the Company, (ii) the Effective Time (following the performance of the obligations of the parties hereunder required
to be performed at or prior to the Effective Time), and (iii) the date of termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance
with its terms. The termination of this Agreement shall not prevent any party hereunder from seeking any remedies (at law or in equity)
against another party hereto or relieve such party from liability for such partys breach of any terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

5

(b) Binding
Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. This Agreement and all obligations of Holder are personal to Holder and
may not be assigned, transferred or delegated by operation of Law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the Purchaser and
the Company (and after the Closing, Pubco), and any purported assignment, transfer or delegation without such consent shall be null and
void; provided that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning party of its obligations hereunder. Each of the Company and
the Purchaser may freely assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any successor entity (whether by
merger, consolidation, equity sale, asset sale or otherwise) without obtaining the consent or approval of Holder.

(c) Third
Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any instrument or document executed by any party in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby shall create any rights in, or be deemed to have been executed for the benefit of, any person that is not a party
hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a party.

(d) Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. All Actions
arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal court located in New York,
New York (or in any appellate court thereof) (the Specified Courts). Each party hereto hereby (a) submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of any Specified Courts for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought
by any party hereto and (b) irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or otherwise, in any such Action,
any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from
attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any Specified Courts. Each party agrees that a final judgment in
any Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law.
Each party irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any other Action relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of copies of such process to such
party at the applicable address set forth in Section 5(g) (and in the case of Holder, the address set forth on Exhibit A). Nothing
in this Section 5(d) shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.

(e) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (i) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND (ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE
OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
5(e).

6

(f) Interpretation.
The titles and subtitles contained in this Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the parties
and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
(i) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns,
pronouns and verbs, including any defined terms, include the plural and vice versa; (ii) including (and with correlative
meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding or succeeding such term and
shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation; (iii) the words herein, hereto,
and hereby and other words of similar import in this Agreement shall be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as
a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision of this Agreement; (iv) the word if and other words of similar
import when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the phrase and only if; and (v) the term or
means and/or. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Consequently, in
the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the
parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any
provision of this Agreement.

(g) Notices.
All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered (i) in person, (ii) by electronic means (including email), with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one Business Day
after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed,
if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to the applicable party at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to the Purchaser, to:

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J

Palm Beach, FL 33480

Attn: Omeed Malik

Email: 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq., David Landau, Esq.; Meredith Laitner, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300

Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com;dlandau@egsllp.com;

mlaitner@egsllp.com

If to the Company, to:

Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun)

200 E Beltline Rd, Suite 403

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com 

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 6th Ave

New York, NY 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman

Telephone No.: 212-451-2300

Email: sfeldman@olshanlaw.com

If to a Holder, to: the address set forth next to such Holders on Exhibit A, with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to, if not the party sending the notice, each of the Company and the Purchaser (and each of their copies for notices hereunder).

(h) Amendments
and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally
or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Purchaser, the Company and
each Holder. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waivers of or exceptions
to any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further
or continuing waiver of any such term, condition, or provision.

7

(i) Severability.
In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction, such provision shall be modified
or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent necessary to render the same valid, legal and enforceable, and the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby nor shall the validity,
legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties will substitute for any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision
a suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, legal and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provision.

(j) Specific
Performance. Each Holder acknowledges that its obligations under this Agreement are unique, recognizes and affirms that in the event
of a breach of this Agreement by such Holder, money damages will be inadequate and the Company and the Purchaser will not have an adequate
remedy at law, and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed
by such Holder in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the Company and the Purchaser shall be
entitled to seek an injunction or restraining order to prevent breaches of this Agreement by any such Holder and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions hereof, without the requirement to post any bond or other security or to prove that money damages would be inadequate,
this being in addition to any other right or remedy to which such party may be entitled under this Agreement, at law or in equity.

(k) Expenses.
Each party shall be responsible for its own fees and expenses (including the fees and expenses of investment bankers, accountants and
counsel) in connection with the entering into of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that in the event of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the non-prevailing
party in any such Action will pay its own expenses and the reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable attorneys
fees and costs, reasonably incurred by the prevailing party.

(l) No
Partnership, Agency or Joint Venture. This Agreement is intended to create a contractual relationship among the Holders, the Company
and the Purchaser, and is not intended to create, and does not create, any agency, partnership, joint venture or any like relationship
among the parties hereto or among any other Company Members entering into voting agreements with the Company or the Purchaser. No Holder
is affiliated with any other holder of Membership Interests entering into a voting or support agreement with the Company or the Purchaser
in connection with the Business Combination Agreement and Holder has acted independently regarding its decision to enter into this Agreement.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in the Company or the Purchaser any direct or indirect ownership or incidence
of ownership of or with respect to any Membership Interests.

(m) Further
Assurances. From time to time, at another partys request and without further consideration, each party shall execute and deliver
such additional documents and take all such further action as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(n) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the Business Combination Agreement to the extent referred to herein) constitutes the full
and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement
relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled; provided, that, for the avoidance
of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect the rights and obligations of the parties under the Business Combination Agreement or any Ancillary
Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit any of the rights or remedies of the Purchaser or any of
the obligations of any Holder under any other agreement between such Holder and the Purchaser or any certificate or instrument executed
by such Holder in favor of the Purchaser, and nothing in any other agreement, certificate or instrument shall limit any of the rights
or remedies of the Purchaser or any of the obligations of such Holder under this Agreement.

(o) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by electronic signature or by email in portable document format) in two or more
counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank;
Signature Page Follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Seller Support Agreement as of the date first written above.

The Purchaser:

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Chief Executive Officer

The Company:

METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC 

By: 

Name: Marc Nemati

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Holders:

Marc Nemati

Justin C. Hilty

Matthew W. Vittitow

Brent W. Cossey

9

Exhibit A

Holders

Member Name Member Percentage

Justin C. Hilty 25%

Brent W. Cossey 25%

Matt W. Vittitow 25%

Marc Nemati 25%

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022691801ex10-2_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG GRABAGUN DIGITAL HOLDINGS INC., COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II AND SELLERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

THIS LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 6, 2025, by and among (i) GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.,
a Texas corporation (Pubco), (ii) Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company registered
with limited liability and share capital (together with its successors, the Purchaser), and (iii) the undersigned
(Holder). Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning ascribed to such
term in the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
herewith, the Purchaser, Pubco, Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company (the Company)
and Gauge II Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger
Sub) entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement)
and, following the date hereof, a to-be-formed Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco to be named Gauge
II Merger Sub Corp. (Purchaser Merger Sub) shall execute a joinder to the Business Combination
Agreement and become a party thereto;

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, among other matters, upon the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing): (a) in accordance with the Companies Act
(Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) Purchaser Merger Sub will merge with and into the Purchaser,
with the Purchaser continuing as the surviving entity (the Purchaser Merger) and each issued and outstanding
security of the Purchaser immediately prior to the effective time of the Purchaser Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically
be cancelled, in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent Pubco security; (b) in accordance with
the Business Organizations Code of the State of Texas (TBOC) Company Merger Sub will merge with and into the
Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity (the Company Merger and together with the Purchaser
Merger, the Mergers) and each issued and outstanding security of the Company immediately prior to the effective
time of the Company Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the issuance to the holder
thereof of shares of common stock of Pubco; and (c) as a result of such Mergers, among other matters, the Purchaser and the Company will
become wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco and Pubco will become a publicly traded company, all in accordance with the applicable provisions
of the Companies Act and TBOC;

WHEREAS, as of the
date hereof, Holder is a holder of the Company Interests in such membership interest percentage as set forth underneath Holders
name on the signature page hereto; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Business Combination Agreement, and in view of the valuable consideration to be received by Holder thereunder, the parties desire
to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the shares of Pubco Common Stock to be received by Holder in the Transactions (all such
securities, including, without limitation, the Holders Pro Rata Stock Consideration, together with any securities paid as dividends
or distributions with respect to such securities or into which such securities are exchanged or converted, the Restricted
Securities) shall become subject to limitations on disposition as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises set forth above, which are incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and intending to
be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Lock-Up
Provisions.

(a) Holder
hereby agrees not to during the period (the Lock-Up Period) commencing from the date of Closing and ending
on the earlier of (A) six months after the date of the Closing, or (B) the first date subsequent to the date of Closing (x) upon which
the VWAP of the shares of Pubco Common Stock has equaled or exceeded $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 Trading Days within any 30-Trading Day period, and (y) on which Pubco consummates
a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of Pubco Common Stock for cash, securities, or other property: (i) lend, offer, pledge, hypothecate,
encumber, donate, assign, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant
any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Securities, (ii) enter
into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the
Restricted Securities, or (iii) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing, whether any such transaction described in
clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above is to be settled by delivery of Restricted Securities or other securities, in cash or otherwise (any
of the foregoing described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii), a Prohibited Transfer). The foregoing sentence shall
not apply to the transfer or other disposition of any or all of the Restricted Securities owned by Holder (I) by gift, (II) by will or
other testamentary document or intestate succession upon the death of Holder, (III) to any Permitted Transferee (defined below), (IV)
pursuant to a court order or settlement agreement or other domestic order related to the distribution of assets in connection with the
dissolution of marriage or civil union or (V) to Pubco pursuant to any contractual arrangement in effect on the date of this Agreement
that provides for the repurchase of shares of Pubco Common Stock in connection with the termination of the undersigneds employment
with or services to Pubco; provided, however, that in any of cases (I), (II), (III) or (IV) above, it shall be a condition
to such transfer that the transferee executes and delivers to Pubco an agreement stating that the transferee is receiving and holding
the Restricted Securities subject to the provisions of this Agreement applicable to Holder, and there shall be no further transfer of
such Restricted Securities except in accordance with this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the term Permitted Transferee
shall mean: (1) the members of Holders immediate family (for purposes of this Agreement, immediate family shall mean
with respect to any natural person, any of the following: such persons spouse, the siblings of such person and his or her spouse,
and the direct descendants and ascendants (including adopted and step children and parents) of such person and his or her spouses and
siblings), (2) any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of Holder or the immediate family of Holder, (3) if Holder is a trust, the
trustor or beneficiary of such trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of such trust, (4) if Holder is an entity, as a distribution to
limited partners, stockholders, members or owners of similar equity interests in Holder upon the liquidation and dissolution of Holder,
or (5) any affiliate of Holder. Holder further agrees to execute such agreements as may be reasonably requested by Pubco that are consistent
with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.

(b) If
any Prohibited Transfer is made or attempted contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, such purported Prohibited Transfer shall be
null and void ab initio, and Pubco shall refuse to recognize any such purported transferee of the Restricted Securities as one of its
equity holders for any purpose. In order to enforce this Section 1, Pubco may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect
to the Restricted Securities of Holder (and Permitted Transferees and assigns thereof) until the end of the applicable Lock-Up Period.

2

(c) During
the applicable Lock-Up Period, each certificate evidencing any Restricted Securities shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend
in substantially the following form, in addition to any other applicable legends:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN A LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE
ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES (THE ISSUER), A CERTAIN REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ISSUER NAMED THEREIN AND THE ISSUERS SECURITY
HOLDER NAMED THEREIN, AS AMENDED. A COPY OF SUCH LOCK-UP AGREEMENT WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDER HEREOF
UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

(d) For
the avoidance of any doubt, Holder shall retain all of its rights as a stockholder of Pubco during the applicable Lock-Up Period, including
the right to vote any Restricted Securities, subject to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement.

2. Miscellaneous.

(a) Termination
of Business Combination Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon Holder upon Holders execution and delivery of this
Agreement, but this Agreement shall only become effective upon the Closing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
in the event that the Business Combination Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the Closing, this Agreement and
all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect.

(b) Binding
Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. This Agreement and all obligations of Holder are personal to Holder and
may not be transferred or delegated by Holder at any time and any such purported transfer shall be null and void. Pubco may freely assign
any or all of its rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any successor entity (whether by merger, consolidation, equity
sale, asset sale or otherwise) without obtaining the consent or approval of Holder.

(c) Third
Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any instrument or document executed by any party in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby shall create any rights in, or be deemed to have been executed for the benefit of, any person or entity that is not
a party hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a party.

(d) Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. All Actions
arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal court located in New York,
New York (or in any appellate court thereof) (the Specified Courts). Each party hereto hereby (a) submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of any Specified Courts for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought
by any party hereto and (b) irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or otherwise, in any such Action,
any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from
attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any Specified Courts. Each party agrees that a final judgment in
any Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law.
Each party irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any other Action relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of copies of such process to such
party at the applicable address set forth in Section 2(f) (and in the case of Holder, the address set forth on such Holders
signature page). Nothing in this Section 2(d) shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted
by applicable law.

3

(e) WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (i) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND (ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE
OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
2(e).

(f) Interpretation.
The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this
Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (i) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (ii)
including (and with correlative meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any description
preceding or succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation; (iii)
the words herein, hereto, and hereby and other words of similar import in this Agreement shall
be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision of this Agreement;
and (iv) the term or means and/or. The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of
this Agreement. Consequently, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed
as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue
of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.

(g) Notices.
All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered (i) in person, (ii) by electronic means (including email), with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one Business Day
after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed,
if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to the applicable party at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to Pubco or the Purchaser, at or prior to the Closing, to:

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J

Palm Beach, FL 33480

Attn: Omeed Malik

Email: 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: David Landau, Esq.; Meredith Laitner, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300

Email: dlandau@egsllp.com; 

mlaitner@egsllp.com 

4

If to Pubco or the Purchaser after the Closing, to:

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403

Coppell, Texas 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: (972) 552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com

With copies to (which shall not constitute notice):

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP 

1325 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 451-2300

Email: SFeldman@olshanlaw.com

If to Holder, to the address set forth below Holders name on the signature page to this Agreement.

(h) Amendments
and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally
or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of Pubco, Colombier Sponsor II LLC
(the Sponsor) (prior to the Closing), the Purchaser, and Holder, and Sponsor shall be an express third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement for purposes of this Section 2(h). No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waivers of or exceptions to any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition, or provision.

(i) Severability.
In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision
shall be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent necessary to render the same valid, legal and enforceable,
and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby
nor shall the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination
that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties will substitute for any invalid, illegal
or unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, legal and enforceable, the intent
and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision.

(j) Specific
Performance. Holder acknowledges that its obligations under this Agreement are unique, recognizes and affirms that in the event of
a breach of this Agreement by Holder, money damages will be inadequate and Pubco or the Purchaser will have no adequate remedy at law,
and agrees that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by Holder
in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, Pubco and the Purchaser shall be entitled to an injunction
or restraining order to prevent breaches of this Agreement by Holder and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without
the requirement to post any bond or other security or to prove that money damages would be inadequate, this being in addition to any other
right or remedy to which such party may be entitled under this Agreement, at law or in equity.

(k) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Business Combination Agreement to the extent referred to herein, constitutes the full
and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement
relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly canceled; provided, that, for the avoidance
of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect the rights and obligations of the parties under the Business Combination Agreement or any Ancillary
Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall limit any of the rights or remedies of Pubco or the Purchaser
or any of the rights, remedies or obligations of Holder under any other agreement between Holder and Pubco or between Holder and the Purchaser
or any certificate or instrument executed by Holder in favor of Pubco or the Purchaser, and nothing in any other agreement, certificate
or instrument shall limit any of the rights, remedies or obligations of Pubco or the Purchaser or any of the rights, remedies or obligations
of Holder under this Agreement.

(l) Further
Assurances. From time to time, at another partys reasonable request and without further consideration (but at the requesting
partys reasonable cost and expense), each party shall execute and deliver such additional documents and take all such further action
as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(m) Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by electronic signature or by email in portable document form) in two or more
counterparts and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original,
but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank;
Signature Pages Follow]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Lock-Up Agreement as of the date first written above.

Pubco:

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Purchaser:

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Chief Executive Officer

{Additional Signature on the Following Page}

6

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lock-Up Agreement as of the date first written
above. 

Holder: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Company Interests: 

Sharing Percentage: 

Address for Notice: 

Address: 

Facsimile No.: 

Telephone No.: 

Email: 

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022691801ex10-3_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INSIDER LETTER AMENDMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II, COLOMBIER SPONSOR II LLC, BTIG, LLC, GRABAGUN DIGITAL HOLDINGS INC., METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC (D/B/A GRABAGUN) AND SELLERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

AMENDMENT TO LETTER AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT TO LETTER
AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of January 6, 2025, and shall be effective as of
the Closing (defined below), by and among (i) Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company registered with
limited liability and share capital (Company or the Purchaser), (ii) Colombier
Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), (iii) BTIG, LLC (BTIG),
(iv) GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation (Pubco), (v) Metroplex Trading Company,
LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company (the Target Company), and (vi) the undersigned
individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys board of directors and/or management team and who, along with the Sponsor
and other transferees of the applicable Company securities, is referred to as an Insider pursuant to the terms
of the Letter Agreement (as defined below). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings
assigned to such terms in the Original Letter Agreement (as defined below) (and if such term is not defined in the Original Letter Agreement,
then in the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below)).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Company, the
Sponsor and the other undersigned Insiders are parties to that certain Letter Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2023 (the Original
Letter Agreement and, as amended by this Amendment, the Letter Agreement), pursuant to which
the Sponsor and the undersigned Insiders agreed, among other matters, to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their
Ordinary Shares that they may have in connection with the consummation of the proposed Business Combination, (ii) waive their rights
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any Offering Shares), (iii) vote any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her
in favor of any proposed Business Combination for which the Company seeks approval, and (iv) certain transfer restrictions with respect
to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants (and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Placement
Warrants and Working Capital Warrants);

WHEREAS, on or about
the date hereof, the Company, Pubco, the Target Company and Gauge II Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco (Company Merger Sub) entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement (the Business
Combination Agreement) and, following the date hereof, a to-be-formed Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco to be named Gauge II Merger Sub Corp. (Purchaser Merger Sub) shall
execute a joinder to the Business Combination Agreement and become a party thereto;

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, among other matters, upon the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing): (a) in accordance with the Companies Act
(Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act), Purchaser Merger Sub will merge with and into the Purchaser,
with the Purchaser continuing as the surviving entity (the Purchaser Merger) and each issued and outstanding
security of the Purchaser immediately prior to the effective time of the Purchaser Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically
be cancelled, in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent Pubco security; (b) in accordance with
the Business Organizations Code of the State of Texas (TBOC) Company Merger Sub will merge with and into the
Target Company, with the Target Company continuing as the surviving entity (the Company Merger and together
with the Purchaser Merger, the Mergers) and each issued and outstanding security of the Target Company immediately
prior to the effective time of the Company Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for
the issuance to the holder thereof of shares of common stock of Pubco; and (c) as a result of the Mergers, among other matters, the Purchaser
and the Target Company will become wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco and Pubco will become a publicly traded company, all in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and TBOC;

WHEREAS, the parties
hereto desire to amend the Original Letter Agreement (i) to add Pubco and the Target Company as parties to the Letter Agreement, (ii)
to revise the terms thereof in order to reflect the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including without
limitation the issuance of shares of Pubco Common Stock and Pubco Warrants in exchange for the Companys Ordinary Shares and Warrants,
respectively, and (iii) to amend the terms of the lock-up set forth in Section 5 of the Original Agreement; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 13 of the Original Letter Agreement, the Original Letter Agreement can be amended with the written consent of all parties
thereto.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual promises herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties and covenants
herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Addition
of Pubco and the Target Company as Parties to the Letter Agreement. The parties hereby agree to add Pubco and the Target Company as
parties to the Letter Agreement. The parties further agree that, from and after the Closing, (i) all of the rights and obligations of
the Company under the Letter Agreement shall be, and hereby are, assigned and delegated to Pubco as if it were the original Company
party thereto, and (ii) all references to the Company under the Letter Agreement relating to periods from and after the Closing shall
instead be a reference to Pubco. By executing this Amendment, Pubco hereby agrees to be bound by and subject to all of the terms and conditions
of the Letter Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, from and after the Closing as if it were the original Company party
thereto.

2. Amendments
to the Letter Agreement. The Parties hereby agree to the following amendments to the Letter Agreement:

(a) The
defined terms in this Amendment, including without limitation in the preamble and recitals hereto, and the definitions incorporated by
reference from the Business Combination Agreement, are hereby added to the Letter Agreement as if they were set forth therein.

(b) The
parties hereby agree that (i) the terms Offering Shares, Class A Ordinary Shares, Class B Ordinary
Shares, Ordinary Shares, and Founder Shares, as used in the Letter Agreement shall include without
limitation any and all shares of Pubco Common Stock into which any such securities will convert in the Mergers, and (ii) the terms Private
Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants shall include without limitation any and all Pubco Private Warrants
into which such securities will convert in the Mergers. The parties further agree that from and after the Closing, any reference in the
Letter Agreement to the terms Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants will instead refer to
Pubco Private Warrants (and any warrants of Pubco or any successor entity issued in consideration of or in exchange for any of such warrants).

2

(c) Effective
upon the Closing, Section 5(a) of the Original Letter Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

(a) any
Founder Shares (the Founder Shares Lock-up) until the earlier of (i) six months after the completion
of an initial Business Combination, (ii) subsequent to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the first date upon
which the shares of Pubco Common Stock equals or exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 Trading Days within any 30-Trading Day period or (iii) subsequent to the consummation
of an initial Business Combination, the date on which Pubco consummates a transaction which results in all of its shareholders having
the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property (the Founder Shares Lock-up Period).
VWAP means, for any security as of any date(s), the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security
on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded during the period beginning at 9:30:01
a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to
weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter
market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg
for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security
as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date(s) on any of the foregoing bases,
the VWAP of such security on such date(s) shall be the fair market value as determined reasonably and in good faith by a majority of the
disinterested independent directors of the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the applicable issuer. All such determinations
shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction
during such period; and

3. Effectiveness.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Amendment shall become effective upon the Closing. In the event that the
Business Combination Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the Closing, this Amendment and all rights and obligations
of the parties hereunder shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect.

4. Miscellaneous.
Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, all of the terms and provisions in the Original Letter Agreement are and shall remain
in full force and effect, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. This Amendment does not constitute, directly or
by implication, an amendment or waiver of any provision of the Original Letter Agreement, or any other right, remedy, power or privilege
of any party thereto, except as expressly set forth herein. Any reference to the Letter Agreement in the Original Letter Agreement or
any other agreement, document, instrument or certificate entered into or issued in connection therewith shall hereinafter mean the Letter
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment (or as the Letter Agreement may be further amended or modified in accordance with the terms thereof
and hereof). The terms of this Amendment shall be governed by, enforced and construed and interpreted in a manner consistent with the
provisions of the Original Letter Agreement, including without limitation Section 13 thereof.

{REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW}

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each party hereto has signed or has caused to be signed by its officer thereunto duly authorized this Amendment to Letter Agreement as
of the date first above written.

Sincerely,

COLOMBIER SPONSOR II LLC

By: Omeed Malik Advisors LLC, Managing Member

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Manager

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC 

By: /s/ Marc Nemati

Name: Marc Nemati

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

{Signature Page to Amendment to Letter Agreement}

/s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

/s/ Joe Voboril

Name: Joe Voboril

/s/ Andrew Nasser

Name: Andrew Nasser

/s/ Jordan Cohen

Name: Jordan Cohen

/s/ Ryan Kavanaugh

Name: Ryan Kavanaugh

/s/ Chris Buskirk

Name: Chris Buskirk

/s/ Candice Willoughby

Name: Candice Willoughby

/s/ Michael Seifert

Name: Michael Seifert

Accepted and agreed:

BTIG, LLC

By: /s/ Paul Wood 

Name: Paul Wood 

Title: Managing Director. 

{Signature Page to Amendment to Letter Agreement}
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022691801ex10-4_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF NON-COMPETITION AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG GRABAGUN DIGITAL HOLDINGS INC., COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II, METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC (D/B/A GRABAGUN) AND SELLERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

FORM OF NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION
AGREEMENT

THIS NON-COMPETITION AND
NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is being executed and delivered as of January 6, 2025 by and
among the undersigned (the Subject Party) in favor of and for the benefit of GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.,
a Texas corporation (Pubco), Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company registered
with limited liability and share capital (together with its successors (as defined below), the Purchaser),
Metroplex Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company (together with its successors, the Company),
and each of Pubcos the Purchasers and/or the Companys respective present and future Affiliates, successors and direct
and indirect subsidiaries (collectively with Pubco, the Purchaser and the Company, the Covered Parties). Any
capitalized term used but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Business Combination Agreement
(as defined below).

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
herewith, the Purchaser, Pubco, the Company and Gauge II Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Pubco (Company Merger Sub) entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement (the Business
Combination Agreement) and, following the date hereof, a to-be-formed Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned
subsidiary of Pubco to be named Gauge II Merger Sub Corp. (Purchaser Merger Sub) shall
execute a joinder to the Business Combination Agreement and become a party thereto;

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, among other matters, upon the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing): (a) in accordance with the Companies Act
(Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act), Purchaser Merger
Sub will merge with and into the Purchaser, with the Purchaser continuing as the surviving entity (the Purchaser Merger)
and each issued and outstanding security of the Purchaser immediately prior to the effective time of the Purchaser Merger shall no longer
be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent
Pubco security; (b) in accordance with the Business Organizations Code of the State of Texas (TBOC),
Company Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity (the Company
Merger and together with the Purchaser Merger, the Mergers) and each issued and outstanding
security of the Company immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically
be cancelled, in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of shares of common stock of Pubco; and (c) as a result of such Mergers,
among other matters, the Purchaser and the Company will become wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco and Pubco will become a publicly traded
company, all in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and TBOC;

WHEREAS, the Company,
directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries, operates an eCommerce retailer of firearms, ammunition and related accessories and other
outdoor enthusiast products (the Business);

WHEREAS, in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Transactions), and to enable
Pubco and the Purchaser to secure more fully the benefits of the Transactions, including the protection and maintenance of the goodwill
and confidential information of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the other Covered Parties, each of Pubco and the Purchaser has required,
as a condition to employment, that the Subject Party enter into this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Subject
Party is entering into this Agreement in order to induce Pubco and the Purchaser to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and
consummate the Transactions, pursuant to which the Subject Party will directly or indirectly receive a material benefit; and

WHEREAS, the Subject
Party is an equityholder of the Company, and as a director and/or officer and an employee of the Company, has contributed to the value
of the Company and its subsidiaries and has obtained extensive and valuable knowledge and confidential information concerning the Business
of the Company and its subsidiaries.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
order to induce Pubco to consummate the Transactions, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
is hereby acknowledged, the Subject Party hereby agrees as follows:

1. Restriction on Competition.

(a) Restriction. The Subject Party hereby agrees that during the period from the Closing until the
three (3) year anniversary of the Closing Date (such period, the Restricted Period), the Subject Party will
not, and will cause his or her Affiliates (other than Pubco and its subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, without the prior written
consent of Pubco (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), anywhere in the United States or in any other markets in which the Covered
Parties are engaged, or, to the knowledge of Subject Party, are actively contemplating becoming engaged, in the Business as of the Closing
Date or during the Restricted Period (the Territory), directly or indirectly engage in the Business (other
than through a Covered Party) or own, manage, finance or control, or participate in the ownership, management, financing or control of,
or become engaged or serve as an officer, director, member, partner, employee, agent, consultant, contractor, advisor or representative
of, a business or entity (other than a Covered Party) that engages in the Business (a Competitor). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Subject Party and his or her Affiliates shall not be prohibited from: (i) directly
or indirectly, owning solely as a passive investment not in excess of two percent (2%) in the aggregate of any class of capital stock
of any corporation if such stock is publicly traded and listed on any national exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq or New York Stock Exchange,
regardless of whether or not such corporation is a Competitor; (ii) owning a passive equity interest in a diversified private or
public debt or equity investment fund (including without limitation hedge and mutual funds) in which the Subject Party does not have the
ability to control or exercise any managerial influence over such fund; (iii) working for or becoming employed or engaged by a venture
capital, private equity, or debt fund that owns equity interests in a Competitor so long as the Subject Party does not serve as an officer,
director, employee, advisor, or consultant, or provide any services to any such Competitor; (iv) being employed by any government
agency, college, university or other non-profit research organization or performing speaking engagements and receiving honoraria in connection
with such engagements, or (v) any activity consented to in writing by the Covered Parties; provided that in all such instances, the
Subject Party continues to abide by all confidentiality obligations in favor of the Covered Parties and their Affiliates under all agreements
containing such confidentiality obligations (Permitted Ownership).

2

(b) Acknowledgment. The Subject Party acknowledges and agrees, based upon the advice of legal counsel
and/or on the Subject Partys own education, experience and training, that (i) the Subject Party possesses knowledge of the trade
secrets and confidential information of the Covered Parties and the Business, (ii) the Subject Partys execution of this Agreement
is a material inducement to Pubco, the Purchaser and the Company to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and consummate the Transactions
and to realize the goodwill of the Company and its Subsidiaries, for which the Subject Party and/or his, her or its Affiliates will receive
a substantial direct or indirect financial benefit which the Subject Party agrees constitutes adequate consideration for entering into
this Agreement, and that Pubco, the Purchaser and the Company would not have entered into the Business Combination Agreement or consummated
the Transactions but for the Subject Partys agreements set forth in this Agreement; (iii) it would impair the goodwill of the Covered
Parties and reduce the value of the assets of the Covered Parties and could cause serious and irreparable injury if the Subject Party
and/or his, her or its Affiliates were to use their ability and knowledge by engaging in the Business in the Territory in competition
with a Covered Party, and/or to otherwise breach the obligations contained herein and that the Covered Parties would not have an adequate
remedy at law because of the unique nature of the Business, (iv) the Subject Party and his, her or its Affiliates have no intention of
engaging in the Business (other than through the Covered Parties) during the Restricted Period other than through Permitted Ownership,
(v) the relevant public policy aspects of restrictive covenants, covenants not to compete and non-solicitation provisions have been discussed,
and every effort has been made to limit the restrictions placed upon the Subject Party to those that are reasonable and necessary to protect
the Covered Parties legitimate interests, (vi) the Covered Parties conduct and intend to conduct the Business everywhere in the
Territory and compete with other businesses that are or could be located in any part of the Territory, (vii) the foregoing restrictions
on competition are fair and reasonable in type of prohibited activity, geographic area covered, scope and duration and do not impose an
undue hardship on the Subject Party and will not prevent the Subject Party from earning a living, (viii) the consideration provided to
the Subject Party under this Agreement and the Business Combination Agreement is not illusory, and (ix) such provisions do not impose
a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of the Covered Parties.

3

2. No Solicitation; No Disparagement.

(a) No Solicitation of Employees and Consultants. The Subject Party agrees that, during the Restricted
Period, the Subject Party will not and will not permit his, her or its Affiliates (other than a Covered Party) to, without the prior written
consent of Pubco (which may, other than as contemplated by the following Section 2(a)(i), be withheld in its sole discretion), either
on its own behalf or on behalf of any other Person (other than, if applicable, a Covered Party in the performance of the Subject Partys
duties on behalf of the Covered Parties), directly or indirectly: (i) hire or engage as an employee, independent contractor, consultant
or otherwise any Covered Personnel (as defined below), provided that with respect to this Section 2(a)(i), the Purchasers consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld; (ii) solicit, induce, encourage or otherwise knowingly cause (or attempt to do any of the foregoing)
any Covered Personnel to leave the service (whether as an employee, consultant or independent contractor) of any Covered Party; or (iii)
in any way interfere with or attempt to interfere with the relationship between any Covered Personnel and any Covered Party; provided,
however, the Subject Party and his, her or its Affiliates will not be deemed to have violated this Section 2(a) if any Covered Personnel
voluntarily and independently solicits an offer of employment from the Subject Party or its Affiliate (or other Person whom any of them
is acting on behalf of) by responding to a general advertisement or solicitation program conducted by or on behalf of the Subject Party
or its Affiliate (or such other Person whom any of them is acting on behalf of) that is not targeted at such Covered Personnel or Covered
Personnel generally. For purposes of this Agreement, Covered Personnel shall mean any Person who is or was
an employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Covered Parties, as of the date of the relevant act prohibited by this Section
2(a) or during the one (1)-year period preceding such date. The terms consultant and independent contractor
do not include Persons who are actively providing services in their field to other companies, such as accounting or law firms.

(b) Non-Solicitation of Customers and Suppliers. The Subject Party agrees that, during the Restricted
Period, the Subject Party will not and will not permit his, her or its Affiliates (other than a Covered Party) to, directly or indirectly,
without the prior written consent of Pubco (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), individually or on behalf of any other Person
(other than, if applicable, a Covered Party in the performance of the Subject Partys duties on behalf of the Covered Parties),
directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, induce, encourage or otherwise knowingly cause (or attempt to do any of the foregoing) any Covered
Customer (as defined below) to (A) cease being, or not become, a client or customer of any Covered Party with respect to the Business
or (B) reduce the amount of business of such Covered Customer with any Covered Party with respect to the Business in the Territory, or
otherwise alter such business relationship in a manner materially adverse to any Covered Party, in either case, with respect to or relating
to the Business in the Territory; (ii) interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt) the contractual relationship
between any Covered Party and any Covered Customer; (iii) divert any business with any Covered Customer relating to the Business from
a Covered Party; (iv) solicit for business, provide services to, engage in or do business with, any Covered Customer for products or services
that are part of the Business; or (v) interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt), any Person that was a vendor,
supplier, distributor, agent or other service provider of a Covered Party at the time of such interference or disruption, for a purpose
competitive with a Covered Party as it relates to the Business. For purposes of this Agreement, a Covered Customer
shall mean any Person or entity who is or was an actual customer, contractor or client (or prospective customer, contractor or client
with whom the a Covered Party actively marketed or made or taken specific action to make a proposal) of a Covered Party, as of the Closing
Date or during the one (1) year period immediately preceding the date of the relevant act prohibited by this Section 2(b).

4

(c) Non-Disparagement. The Subject Party agrees that from and after the Closing until the two (2) year
anniversary of the end of the Restricted Period, the Subject Party will not and will not permit his, her or its Affiliates (other than
a Covered Party) to directly or indirectly engage in any conduct that involves the making or publishing (including through electronic
mail distribution or online social media) of any written or oral statements or remarks (including the repetition or distribution of derogatory
rumors, allegations, negative reports or comments) that are disparaging, deleterious or damaging to the integrity, reputation or good
will of one or more Covered Parties or their respective management, officers, employees, independent contractors or consultants. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, subject to Section 3 below, the provisions of this Section 2(c) shall not restrict the Subject Party or his, her or its
Affiliates from providing truthful testimony or information in response to a subpoena or investigation by a Governmental Authority or
in connection with any legal action by the Subject Party or its Affiliate against any Covered Party under this Agreement, the Business
Combination Agreement or any other Ancillary Document that is asserted by the Subject Party or his, her or its Affiliate in good faith.
Disparaging, deleterious, or damaging statements made by the Subject Party in the ordinary course during his or her employment that are
made in the good faith performance of his or her duties for the Covered Parties are excluded from this Section 2(c). For the avoidance
of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Subject Party from communicating in good faith with a government agency, regulator or
legal authority concerning any possible violations of federal or state or other law or regulation (provided that the Subject Party is
not authorized to waive attorney/client communications in doing so).

3. Confidentiality. From and after the Closing Date, the Subject Party will, and will cause its Representatives
to, keep confidential and not (except, if applicable, in the performance of the Subject Partys duties on behalf of the Covered
Parties) directly or indirectly use, disclose, reveal, publish, transfer or provide access to, any and all Covered Party Information without
the prior written consent of Pubco (which may be withheld in its sole discretion). As used in this Agreement, Covered Party
Information means all material and information relating to the business, affairs and assets of any Covered Party, including
material and information that concerns or relates to such Covered Partys bidding and proposal, technical information, computer
hardware or software, administrative, management, operational, data processing, financial, marketing, customers, sales, human resources,
employees, vendors, business development, planning and/or other business activities, regardless of whether such material and information
is maintained in physical, electronic, or other form, that is: (a) gathered, compiled, generated, produced or maintained by such Covered
Party through its Representatives, or provided to such Covered Party by its suppliers, service providers or customers; and (b) intended
and maintained by such Covered Party or its Representatives, suppliers, service providers or customers to be kept in confidence. Covered
Party Information also includes information disclosed to any Covered Party by a third party to the extent that a Covered Party has an
obligation of confidentiality in connection therewith. The obligations set forth in this Section 3 will not apply to any Covered Party
Information where the Subject Party can prove that such material or information: (i) is known or available through other lawful sources
not bound by a confidentiality agreement or other confidentiality obligation with respect to such material or information; (ii) is or
becomes publicly known through no violation of this Agreement or other non-disclosure obligation of the Subject Party or any of its Representatives;
(iii) is already in the possession of the Subject Party at the time of disclosure through lawful sources not bound by a confidentiality
agreement or other confidentiality obligation as evidenced by the Subject Partys documents and records; or (iv) is required to
be disclosed pursuant to an order of any administrative body or court of competent jurisdiction (provided that (A) the applicable Covered
Party is given reasonable prior written notice, (B) the Subject Party cooperates (and causes its Representatives to cooperate) with any
reasonable request of any Covered Party to seek to prevent or narrow such disclosure and (C) if after compliance with clauses (A) and
(B) such disclosure is still required, the Subject Party and its Representatives only disclose such portion of the Covered Party Information
that is expressly required by such order, as it may be subsequently narrowed). Further, notwithstanding the Subject Partys confidentiality
and nondisclosure obligations, the Subject Party is hereby advised as follows pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act: An individual
shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (x)
is made (1) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (2)
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (y) is made in a complaint or other document filed
in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer
for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding, if the individual (I) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (II) does not disclose the
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

5

4. Representations and Warranties. The Subject Party hereby represents and warrants, to and for the
benefit of the Covered Parties as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, that: (a) the Subject Party has full power
and capacity to execute and deliver, and to perform all of the Subject Partys obligations under, this Agreement; and (b) neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the performance of the Subject Partys obligations hereunder will result directly
or indirectly in a violation or breach of any agreement or obligation by which the Subject Party is a party or otherwise bound. By entering
into this Agreement, the Subject Party certifies and acknowledges that the Subject Party has carefully read all of the provisions of this
Agreement, and that the Subject Party voluntarily and knowingly enters into this Agreement.

5. Remedies. The covenants and undertakings of the Subject Party contained in this Agreement relate
to matters which are of a special, unique and extraordinary character and a violation of any of the terms of this Agreement may cause
irreparable injury to the Covered Parties, the amount of which may be impossible to estimate or determine and which cannot be adequately
compensated. The Subject Party agrees that, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by the Subject Party of any covenant or obligation
contained in this Agreement, each applicable Covered Party will be entitled to seek the following remedies (in addition to, and not in
lieu of, any other remedy at law or in equity or pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement or the other Ancillary Documents that
may be available to the Covered Parties, including monetary damages), and a court of competent jurisdiction may award: (i) an injunction,
restraining order or other equitable relief restraining or preventing such breach or threatened breach, without the necessity of proving
actual damages or that monetary damages would be insufficient or posting bond or security, which the Subject Party expressly waives and
(ii) recovery of the Covered Partys attorneys fees and costs incurred in enforcing the Covered Partys rights under
this Agreement. The Subject Party hereby consents to the award of any of the above remedies to the applicable Covered Party in connection
with any such breach or threatened breach. The Subject Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any breach of this Agreement,
any value attributed or allocated to this Agreement (or any other non-competition agreement with the Subject Party) under or in connection
with the Business Combination Agreement shall not be considered a measure of, or a limit on, the damages of the Covered Parties.

6. Survival of Obligations. The expiration of the Restricted Period will not relieve the Subject Party
of any obligation or liability arising from any breach by the Subject Party of this Agreement during the Restricted Period. The Subject
Party further agrees that the time period during which the covenants contained in Sections 1, 2 and 3 of this Agreement will be effective
will be computed by excluding from such computation any time during which the Subject Party is in violation of any provision of such Sections.

6

7. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by facsimile or other electronic means (including email),
with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one Business Day after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight
courier service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt
requested, in each case to the applicable party at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified
by like notice):

If to Pubco or the Purchaser at or prior
to the Closing, to:

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J

Palm Beach, FL 33480

Attn: Omeed Malik

Email:

With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: David Landau, Esq.; Meredith Laitner, Esq.

Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889

Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300

Email: dlandau@egsllp.com; mlaitner@egsllp.com

If to the Company prior to the Closing,
to:

Metroplex Trading Company, LLC

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com 

With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 451-2300

Email: SFeldman@olshanlaw.com

7

If to Purchaser, Pubco, the Company or any other Covered Party
from or after the Closing, to:

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com 

With a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 451-2300

Email: SFeldman@olshanlaw.com

If to the Subject Party, to:

The most recent address reflected on the Companys personnel
records.

(b) Integration and Non-Exclusivity. This Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and the other
Ancillary Documents contain the entire agreement between the Subject Party and the Covered Parties concerning the subject matter hereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rights and remedies of the Covered Parties under this Agreement are not exclusive of or limited by
any other rights or remedies which they may have, whether at law, in equity, by contract or otherwise, all of which will be cumulative
(and not alternative). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the rights and remedies of the Covered Parties, and the obligations
and liabilities of the Subject Party and its Affiliates, under this Agreement, are in addition to their respective rights, remedies, obligations
and liabilities (i) under the laws of unfair competition, misappropriation of trade secrets, or other requirements of statutory or common
law, or any applicable rules and regulations and (ii) otherwise conferred by contract, including the Business Combination Agreement and
any other written agreement between the Subject Party or its Affiliate and any of the Covered Parties. Nothing in the Business Combination
Agreement will limit any of the obligations, liabilities, rights or remedies of the Subject Party or the Covered Parties under this Agreement,
nor will any breach of the Business Combination Agreement or any other agreement between the Subject Party or its Affiliate and any of
the Covered Parties limit or otherwise affect any right or remedy of the Covered Parties under this Agreement. If any term or condition
of any other agreement between the Subject Party, his, her or its Affiliate and any of the Covered Parties conflicts or is inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the more restrictive terms will control as to the Subject Party, his, her or its Affiliate,
as applicable.

(c) Severability; Reformation. Each provision of this Agreement is separable from every other provision
of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is found or held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, by
a court of competent jurisdiction, then (i) such provision will be deemed amended to conform to applicable laws so as to be valid, legal
and enforceable to the fullest possible extent, (ii) the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of such provision will not affect
the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision under any other circumstances or in any other jurisdiction, and (iii) the invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability of such provision will not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of such provision
or the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. The Subject Party and the Covered Parties will substitute
for any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, legal
and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. Without limiting the foregoing, if any court
of competent jurisdiction determines that any part hereof is unenforceable because of the duration, geographic area covered, scope of
such provision, or otherwise, such court will have the power to reduce the duration, geographic area covered or scope of such provision,
as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision will then be enforceable. The Subject Party will, at a Covered Partys
request, join such Covered Party in requesting that such court take such action.

8

(d) Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any respect, except by a written
agreement executed by the Subject Party, Pubco and the Purchaser (or their respective permitted successors or assigns). No waiver will
be effective unless it is expressly set forth in a written instrument executed by the waiving party and any such waiver will have no effect
except in the specific instance in which it is given. Any delay or omission by a party in exercising its rights under this Agreement,
or failure to insist upon strict compliance with any term, covenant, or condition of this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of such
term, covenant, condition or right, nor will any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power under this Agreement at any time or times
be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times.

(e) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating
to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict
of laws principles thereof. All Actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any
state or federal court located in New York, New York (or in any appellate court thereof) (the Specified Courts).
Each party hereto hereby (a) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any Specified Courts for the purpose of any Action arising
out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party hereto, (b) irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion,
defense or otherwise, in any such Action, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that
its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of
the Action is improper, or that this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any Specified Courts
and (c) waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each party agrees that
a final judgment in any Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by Law. Each party irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any other
Action relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of copies
of such process to such party at the applicable address set forth in Section 2(f) (and in the case of Holder, the address set forth
on such Holders signature page). Nothing in this Section 2(d) shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process
in any other manner permitted by applicable law.

(f) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY
OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT
FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7(f). ANY PARTY HERETO MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS
SECTION 7(g) WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF EACH SUCH PARTY TO THE WAIVER OF ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

9

(g) Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement will be binding upon the Subject
Party and the Subject Partys estate, successors and assigns, and will inure to the benefit of the Covered Parties, and their respective
successors and assigns. Each Covered Party may freely assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement, at any time, in whole or in
part, to any Person which acquires, in one or more transactions, at least a majority of the equity securities (whether by equity sale,
merger or otherwise) of such Covered Party or all or substantially all of the assets of such Covered Party and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, without obtaining the consent or approval of the Subject Party. The Subject Party agrees that the obligations of the Subject
Party under this Agreement are personal and will not be assigned by the Subject Party. Each of the Covered Parties are express third party
beneficiaries of this Agreement and will be considered parties under and for purposes of this Agreement.

(h) Sponsor Authorized to Act on Behalf of Covered Parties. The parties acknowledge and agree that
from and after the Closing, Colombier Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor),
or a replacement agent duly appointed by the Sponsor in writing, shall have the non-exclusive right, but not the obligation, to act on
behalf of Pubco, Purchaser and the other Covered Parties under this Agreement, including the right to enforce Pubcos, the Purchasers
and the other Covered Parties rights and remedies under this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that the Subject
Party serves as a director, officer, employee or other authorized agent of a Covered Party, the Subject Party shall have no authority,
express or implied, to act or make any determination on behalf of a Covered Party in connection with this Agreement or any dispute or
Action with respect hereto.

(i) Construction. The Subject Party acknowledges that the Subject Party has been represented by counsel,
or had the opportunity to be represented by, counsel of the Subject Partys choice. Any rule of construction to the effect that
ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party will not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.
Neither the drafting history nor the negotiating history of this Agreement will be used or referred to in connection with the construction
or interpretation of this Agreement. The headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall
not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement: (i) the words include, includes
and including when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation;
(ii) the definitions contained herein are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms; (iii) whenever required
by the context, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns
and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (iv) the words herein, hereto, and hereby
and other words of similar import shall be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section
or other subdivision of this Agreement; (v) the word if and other words of similar import when used herein shall be deemed
in each case to be followed by the phrase and only if; (vi) the term or means and/or; (vii)
references to Affiliates are limited in this Agreement to such Affiliates as to which the Subject Party can reasonably exercise
control; and (viii) any agreement or instrument defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein
means such agreement or instrument as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented, including by waiver or consent and references
to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein.

(j) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement. A photocopy, faxed, scanned and/or emailed copy of this Agreement or any signature page to
this Agreement, shall have the same validity and enforceability as an originally signed copy.

(k) Effectiveness. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Subject Party upon the Subject Partys
execution and delivery of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall only become effective upon the consummation of the Transactions. In
the event that the Business Combination Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation of the
Transactions, this Agreement shall automatically terminate and become null and void, and the parties shall have no obligations hereunder.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank;
Signature Page Follows]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has duly executed and delivered this Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement as of the date first written above.

Subject Party:

_________________________________________

Name: [_________________]

Address for Notice:

Address: __________________________________

__________________________________________

__________________________________________

Facsimile No.: ______________________________

Telephone No.: _____________________________

Email: ____________________________________

Acknowledged and accepted as of the date first written above:

Pubco: 

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc. 

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Purchaser: 

COLOMBIER Acquisition CORP. II 

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

The Company: 

METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC 

By: 

Name: Marc Nemati 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022691801ex10-5_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 6, 2025, BY AND AMONG GRABAGUN DIGITAL HOLDINGS INC., COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II AND METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC (D/B/A GRABAGUN)
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT

GrabAGun
Digital Holdings Inc.,

a Texas corporation

THIS SHAREHOLDERS
AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made effective as of this 6th day of January 2025, by and among GrabAGun
Digital Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation (the Corporation), Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman
Islands exempted company incorporated with limited liability (Purchaser), and Metroplex Trading Company,
LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company (Company). Purchaser and Company are collectively
referred to as the Shareholders and, together with the Corporation, the Parties
to this Agreement.

RECITALS

The Corporation and the Shareholders
seek to enter into this Agreement to provide for, among other things, (i) restrictions on the business activities of the Corporation,
(ii) restrictions on the ability of any Shareholder to take actions with respect to the Corporation or its capital stock without the prior
consent of the other Shareholders, (iii) the dissolution of the Corporation in the event of the termination of the Business Combination
Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the Business Combination Agreement), by and among Purchaser, the Corporation,
Gauge II Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company (Company Merger Sub), the Company and, upon execution
of a Joinder, a to be formed Cayman Islands exempted company to be named Gauge II Merger Sub Corp. and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Corporation (Purchaser Merger Sub), and (iv) the mandatory application of the Texas Business Organizations
Code.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Shareholders hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1Definitions. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Business Combination Agreement. As used in this
Agreement:

Board
means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Business Day
means Monday through Friday of each week, except that a legal holiday recognized as such by the federal government or the State of Texas
shall not be a Business Day.

Person
means a corporation, association, joint venture, general or limited partnership, limited liability company, trust, other unincorporated
organization or an individual.

Shareholders
(or in the singular Shareholder) means the shareholders of the Corporation who are parties to this Agreement
from time to time, as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time. As of the date of this Agreement, the Shareholders are
Purchaser and the Company.

Stock
means all issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation, together with all shares of capital stock of the Corporation
of any class which may hereafter be issued. Moreover, all references herein to Stock owned by a Shareholder shall include the community
interest, if any, of the spouse of such Shareholder in such Stock.

TBOC
means the Texas Business Organizations Code, as amended and in effect from time to time, and any successor to such code.

Transfer
and its derivatives, when used in this Agreement with respect to Stock, shall be deemed to refer to a transaction by which a Shareholder
assigns his Stock, or any rights therein, to another Person and includes a sale, assignment, gift, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation,
mortgage, exchange or any other disposition by law or otherwise, whether voluntary or involuntary, and includes any change in ownership
of stock or other equity securities that would result in a change in control of a Shareholder.

Transfer Notice
is defined in Section 4.1(b).

Transferor
refers to any Shareholder or any assignee of or successor-in-interest to any Shareholder who attempts or purports to transfer Stock or
who becomes bankrupt or dissolves and terminates resulting in an attempted or purported transfer of Stock.

Any reference in this Agreement
to vote or voting or similar language shall include, without limitation, action by written consent
where permitted by applicable law.

ARTICLE II.

PURPOSE

The purpose and business of
the Corporation shall be: (i) to form Company Merger Sub, and to acquire, own, hold, vote, sell, transfer, exchange, assign, dispose of,
manage, encumber, and otherwise deal with and own a limited liability company interest in and receive distributions from Company Merger
Sub, (ii) to form Purchaser Merger Sub, and to acquire, own, hold, vote, sell, transfer, exchange, assign, dispose of, manage, encumber,
and otherwise deal with and own the shares of stock in and receive dividends from Purchaser Merger Sub, (iii) to enter into and perform
its obligations under, as contemplated by, or with respect to the Business Combination Agreement and any Ancillary Documents (including
all documents, instruments or agreements to be executed and delivered by the Corporation in connection therewith); and (iv) to transact
all such lawful business that is incident, necessary and appropriate to accomplish the foregoing. The Corporation shall have the power
to make and perform all contracts and to engage in all activities and transactions necessary or advisable to carry out the purposes of
the Corporation as set forth herein. The Corporation is hereby authorized to execute, deliver and perform, and each director and officer
on behalf of the Corporation is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to execute and deliver, this Agreement and any organizational
document, governing document, shareholder agreement, limited liability company agreement, written consent of the sole member of Company
Merger Sub, written consent of the sole shareholder of Purchaser Merger Sub, the Business Combination Agreement, the Ancillary Documents,
and all documents, agreements, certificates (including any certificate of merger or certificate of conversion), or instruments contemplated
thereby or in furtherance thereof, all without any further act, vote or approval of any other Person, notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, the TBOC or applicable law, rule or regulation, to the full extent that provisions of this Agreement can supersede
the provisions of the TBOC or any other applicable law, rule or regulation.

2

No other business shall be
conducted by the Corporation without the prior unanimous written consent of the Board. With the prior unanimous written consent of the
Board, the Corporation shall have authority to engage in any other lawful business, trade, purpose or activity permitted by the TBOC.

ARTICLE III.

MANAGEMENT OF THE CORPORATION

3.1Management
by BoardThe Parties hereto, their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns do hereby UNDERSTAND and AGREE
that the following business and affairs of the Corporation and the relations among the Shareholders shall be regulated by this
Agreement as follows:

(a)Board. Management of the activities, business, and affairs of the Corporation shall be by the Board. The Board shall consist
of two directors. The initial directors of the Corporation shall be Omeed Malik and Marc Nemati. Each Shareholder agrees to vote, or cause
to be voted, all Shares owned by such Shareholder, or over which such Shareholder has voting control, from time to time and at all times,
in whatever manner as shall be necessary to ensure that at each annual or special meeting of shareholders at which an election of directors
is held or pursuant to any written consent of the shareholders, the following persons shall be elected to the Board: (i) Omeed Malik,
except that if such director resigns or is unable to serve, then one individual who is designated by Purchaser and (ii) Marc Nemati, except
that if such director resigns or is unable to serve, then one individual who is designated by the Company. The Person or Persons thus
elected as directors shall continue to serve as directors until further action by the owners of a majority of the shares of Stock. Any
vacancies in the Board shall be filled only pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3.1(a). Each Shareholder also agrees to
vote, or cause to be voted, all Shares owned by such Shareholder, or over which such Shareholder has voting control, from time to time
and at all times, in whatever manner as shall be necessary to ensure that a director shall be promptly removed from office upon the written
request of any Person who would be entitled to designate a replacement for such director pursuant to this Section 3.1(a) to remove
such director. All Shareholders agree to execute any written consents required to perform the obligations of this Section 3.1(a),
and the Company agrees to cause to be called a special meeting of Shareholders for the purpose of electing, removing or replacing directors
upon the written request of any Person entitled to designate a director.

(b)Officers. The initial officers of the Corporation shall be the President and the Secretary. The initial President shall
be Omeed Malik and the initial Secretary shall be Jordan Cohen. On or after the date hereof, the Board may, from time to time by unanimous
vote, designate one or more additional or replacement officers with such titles as may be designated by the Board to act in the name of
the Company with such authority as may be delegated, subject to applicable law, to such officers by the Board. Any such officer may act
pursuant to such delegated authority until such officer is removed by the Board.

3

(c)Dividends and Distributions. No distributions or dividends shall be made to the Shareholders unless, and only to the extent
that, the Board unanimously votes, in its sole discretion, to make such distributions or dividends. In the event that the Board unanimously
votes to make any distributions or dividends hereunder, such distributions or dividends shall be made among the owners of Stock in accordance
with their respective ownership of Stock.

3.2Action
by Written Consent of Shareholders Each Shareholder agrees not to take any action by written consent with respect to the
Corporation without the prior written consent of the other Shareholders, not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned.

ARTICLE IV.

TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS

4.1Restrictions
on Transfer No Stock shall be Transferred by any Shareholder or other Transferor, in whole or in part, except in accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth in this Article IV. No Stock shall be Transferred by any Shareholder or other Transferor
except for a Transfer to the Corporation or to a Shareholder that was a party to this Agreement prior to such Transfer. Any transfer
or purported transfer of Stock by a Shareholder or other Transferor other than in accordance with this Article IV or with Article IV
shall be null and void ab initio.

4.2Transfer
Notice A Transferor must notify the Corporation and the Shareholders of (i) the bankruptcy, termination of existence,
divorce, death or legal incapacity of a Shareholder or (ii) any attempted or purported Transfer of Stock (a Transfer
Notice). Any Transfer Notice required pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph (b) must be sent within thirty (30) days
after the date of the bankruptcy, termination of existence, divorce, death or determination of legal incapacity of a Shareholder or
upon the earliest practical date in the event of an attempted Transfer. The Transfer Notice shall set forth in writing the identity
of the proposed transferee, if any, and the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer, if any. The Transfer Notice shall contain
the address to which notices and other communications to the Transferor required hereunder may be sent.

4.3Transfers
under the Business Combination Agreement Notwithstanding anything in this Article IV, this Article IV shall not prohibit,
restrict, delay, encumber or prevent the performance of the obligations and consummation of the transactions set forth in the
Business Combination Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Transfer, issuance, exchange, conversion, termination, or
other disposition of any shares of the Corporation or any other fundamental business transaction with respect to the Corporation
pursuant to or contemplated by the terms of the Business Combination Agreement or any Ancillary Document.

ARTICLE V.

TERMINATION

5.1Termination
of the Corporation The Corporation shall wind up and be terminated upon the first to occur of the following (a
Wind Up Event): (a) the written consent of all Shareholders or (b) in the event that the Business Combination
Agreement is terminated. Upon the occurrence of a Wind Up Event, the winding up and termination of the corporation will proceed in
accordance with TBOC Section 21.101(a)(10) as if all of the shareholders had consented in writing to the winding up and termination
as provided by Title 2, Chapter 21, Subchapter K of the TBOC.

4

5.2Termination
of this Agreement This Agreement shall terminate and cease to be effective upon the first to occur of the following: (a) a
Wind-Up Event or (b) the Closing.

ARTICLE VI.

ENDORSEMENT OF STOCK CERTIFICATES

All certificates of Stock
of the Corporation now owned or that may hereafter be acquired by the Shareholders shall be endorsed on the back thereof as follows:

These shares are subject to the
provisions of a shareholders agreement that may provide for management of the corporation in a manner different than in other corporations
and may subject a shareholder to certain obligations or liabilities not otherwise imposed on shareholders in other corporations. A copy
of such shareholders agreement has been placed on file by the Corporation at its principal place of business, and is subject to
the same rights of examination by a Shareholder of the Corporation, in person or by agent, attorney or accountant, as are the books and
records of the Corporation. The Corporation will furnish a copy of said shareholders agreement to any record holder of this certificate
without charge upon written request to the Corporation at its principal place of business.

Such certificates shall be endorsed on the front
thereof as follows:

See restrictions on transfer hereof
on reverse side.

The Corporation agrees to
file this Agreement at its principal place of business; and this Agreement and any Addendum Agreement shall be subject to the same right
of examination by a shareholder of the Corporation, in person or by agent, attorney or accountant as are the books and records of the
Corporation, in full compliance with the provisions of Section 21.210 of the TBOC.

ARTICLE VII. 

COVENANTS

7.1Purchaser
Merger Sub As promptly as practicable following the date of the Business Combination Agreement, the Corporation shall cause
Purchaser Merger Sub to be formed. Promptly after the formation of Purchaser Merger Sub, the Corporation shall (i) cause Purchaser
Merger Sub to execute and deliver a joinder to the Business Combination Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, Purchaser
Merger Sub shall (A) become a party to the Business Combination Agreement as of the date thereof and (B) agree to be bound by the
terms, covenants and other provisions of the Business Combination Agreement applicable to it as a party and shall assume all rights
and obligations applicable to Purchaser Merger Sub thereunder, with the same force and effect as if originally named therein, and
(ii) deliver to the Purchaser and the Company evidence of Purchaser Merger Subs adoption and approval of the Business
Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement in form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser and the Company.

5

ARTICLE VIII.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

8.1Addresses
and Notices All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by electronic means (including email), with affirmative confirmation of
receipt, (iii) one Business Day after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv)
three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each
case to the applicable Party at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified by like
notice):

If to any Purchaser Party at or prior to the Closing,
to:

Colombier Acquisition Corp. II

214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J

Palm Beach, FL 33480

Attn: Omeed Malik

Email:

with a copy (which will not constitute notice)
to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New York, New York 10105

Attn: David Landau, Esq.; Meredith Laitner, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300

Email: dlandau@egsllp.com; mlaitner@egsllp.com

If to the Company or the Company Surviving Subsidiary,
to:

Metroplex Trading Company, LLC

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com

with a copy (which will not constitute notice)
to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 451-2300

Email: SFeldman@olshanlaw.com

If to the Corporation after the Closing, to:

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com

with a copy (which will not constitute notice)
to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas, 15th Floor

New York, New York 10019

Attn: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq.

Telephone No.: (212) 451-2300

Email: SFeldman@olshanlaw.com

6

8.2Further
Action The parties shall execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or refrain from taking action
as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement.

8.3Binding
Effect This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of Law or otherwise without
the prior written consent of the Corporation, the Purchaser, and the Company, and any assignment without such consent shall be null
and void (other than any assignment pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement or a transaction contemplated therein); provided
that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning Party of its obligations hereunder.

8.1Amendments All
amendments to this Agreement shall be made only in writing, signed by Shareholders representing at least a majority of the issued
and outstanding Stock.

8.2Integration This
Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and the documents or instruments referred to therein, including any exhibits and
schedules attached thereto, together with the Ancillary Documents, embody the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties
hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein.

8.3Waiver No
failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition of this Agreement or to
exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute waiver of any such breach or any other covenant,
duty, agreement or condition.

8.4Counterparts This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one agreement binding on all the parties
hereto, notwithstanding that all such parties are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart. Delivery of a copy of
this Agreement bearing an original signature by facsimile transmission or by electronic mail in portable document
format form shall have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature.

8.5Applicable
Law This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to
the principles of conflicts of law.

8.6Invalidity
of ProvisionsIf any provision of this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall, to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, not be affected thereby.

7

8.7Due
Authority, Execution and Delivery Each party hereto hereby represents and warrants to the Corporation and to each other
party that (a) if such party is a corporation, it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of
the state of its incorporation and is duly qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation in the jurisdiction of its
principal place of business (if not incorporated therein), (b) if such party is a limited liability company, it is duly
authorized, validly existing, and (if applicable) in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization and is duly
qualified and (if applicable) in good standing as a foreign limited liability company in the jurisdiction of its principal place of
business (if not organized therein), (c) if such party is a partnership, trust, or other entity, it is duly formed, validly
existing, and (if applicable) in good standing under the law of the state of its formation, and if required by law is duly qualified
to do business and (if applicable) in good standing in the jurisdiction of its principal place of business (if not formed therein),
and the representations and warranties in clauses (a) through (c), as applicable, are true and correct with respect to each partner
(other than limited partners), trustee, or other partner of such party, (d) such party has full corporate, limited liability
company, partnership, trust, or other applicable power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its
obligations hereunder and all necessary actions by the Board, shareholders, general partner, members, partners, trustees,
beneficiaries or other Persons necessary for the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such
party have been duly taken, (e) such party has duly executed and delivered this Agreement, and (f) such partys
authorization, execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement does not conflict with (i) any law, rule or court order
applicable to such party, (ii) such partys articles of incorporation, bylaws, partnership agreement or operating
agreement, or (iii) any other agreement or arrangement to which such party is a party or by which it is bound.

8.8No
Third-Party Beneficiaries The provisions of this Agreement are not intended to be for the benefit of any creditor or other
Person to whom any debts or obligations are owed by, or who may have any claim against, the Corporation or any of its shareholders,
except for shareholders in their capacities as such. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no such creditor or
Person shall obtain any rights under this Agreement or shall, by reason of this Agreement, be permitted to make any claim against
the Corporation or any shareholder.

8.9Interpretation
The table of contents and the Article and Section headings contained in this Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, are
not part of the agreement of the Parties and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. In this
Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires: (a) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine or neuter forms, and words in the singular, including any defined terms, include the plural and vice versa; (b) reference
to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are
permitted by this Agreement, and reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity; (c)
including (and with correlative meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any
description preceding or succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without
limitation; (e) the words herein, hereto, and hereby and other words of similar
import in this Agreement shall be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section or
other subdivision of this Agreement; (f) the word if and other words of similar import when used herein shall be
deemed in each case to be followed by the phrase and only if; (g) the term or means
and/or; (h) any agreement, instrument, insurance policy, Law or Order defined or referred to herein or in any
agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument, insurance policy, Law or Order as from time to
time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case
of statutes, regulations, rules or orders) by succession of comparable successor statutes, regulations, rules or orders and
references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein; (j) except as otherwise indicated, all references in
this Agreement to the words Section, Article, Schedule and Exhibit are
intended to refer to Sections, Articles, Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement. The Parties have participated jointly in the
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Consequently, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises,
this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
executed this Agreement on the dates indicated below but effective for all purposes as of the day and year hereinabove first written.

CORPORATION:

GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc.

By: /s/
Omeed Malik 

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 6, 2025 

SHAREHOLDERS:

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Omeed Malik

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 6, 2025 

METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC

By: /s/ Marc Nemati

Name: Marc Nemati

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 6, 2025 

EXHIBIT A

OWNERSHIP OF STOCK

Name and Address Number of Shares

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II

214 Brazilian Avenue, Suite 200-J

Palm Beach, FL 33480

Attn: Omeed Malik

Email: 500

METROPLEX TRADING COMPANY, LLC 

200 East Beltline Road, Suite 403 

Coppell, TX 75019

Attn: Marc Nemati, President & CEO

Telephone No.: 972-552-7246

Email: marc@grabagun.com 500

Total 1000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022691801ex10-6_colombier2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF AMENDED REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, BY AND AMONG COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II, GRABAGUN DIGITAL HOLDINGS INC., COLOMBIER SPONSOR II LLC AND SELLERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of [], 2025, is made and entered into by and
among Colombier Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company registered with limited liability and share capital (together
with its successors, the Company), GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., a Texas corporation (Pubco),
Colombier Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor), certain members of Metroplex
Trading Company, LLC (d/b/a GrabAGun), a Texas limited liability company (the Target Company) listed on the
signature pages hereto (such members, the GrabAGun Holders and, together with the Sponsor and any person or
entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder
and collectively the Holders). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company
has 4,250,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (including the shares of Pubco Common Stock issued or issuable upon
the conversion of any such ordinary shares or that are issued in exchange for such ordinary shares in the Purchaser Merger, the Founder
Shares), issued and outstanding;

WHEREAS, the Founder
Shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, on the terms and conditions provided
in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Sponsor are parties to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 20, 2023 (as amended, the Original
Registration Rights Agreement);

WHEREAS, on November
20, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor entered into that certain Warrant Subscription Agreement (the Warrant Subscription
Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,000,000 redeemable warrants (the Private
Placement Warrants) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing of the Companys
initial public offering;

WHEREAS, in order to
finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with its initial business combination, the Sponsor, its affiliates or any
of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such
loans may be convertible into additional warrants (such warrants, including any Pubco warrants issued in the Purchaser Merger in exchange
for such private placement equivalent warrants, the Working Capital Warrants) at a price of $1.00 per Working
Capital Warrant at the option of the lender;

WHEREAS, on January
6, 2025, the Company, Pubco, the Target Company and Gauge II Merger Sub LLC, a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Pubco (Company Merger Sub) entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement (as amended from time
to time, the Business Combination Agreement), and, following the date of the Business Combination Agreement,
a to-be-formed Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco to be named Gauge II Merger Sub Corp.
(Purchaser Merger Sub) shall execute a joinder to the Business Combination Agreement and become a party thereto;

WHEREAS, pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, among other matters, upon the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing): (a) in accordance
with the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act), Purchaser Merger Sub will
merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity (the Purchaser
Merger) and each issued and outstanding security of the Purchaser immediately prior to the effective time of the
Purchaser Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the issuance to the holder
thereof of a substantially equivalent Pubco security; (b) in accordance with the Business Organizations Code of the State of Texas
(TBOC) Company Merger Sub will merge with and into the Target Company, with the Target Company
continuing as the surviving entity (the Company Merger, and together with the Purchaser Merger, the
Mergers) and each issued and outstanding security of the Target Company immediately prior to the
effective time of the Company Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the
issuance to the holder thereof of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Pubco (Pubco Common
Stock); and (c) as a result of such Mergers, among other matters, the Company and the Target Company will become
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco and Pubco will become a publicly traded company, all in accordance with the applicable provisions
of the Companies Act and TBOC;

WHEREAS, on January
6, 2025, (i) Sellers entered into Lock-Up Agreements with the Company and Pubco (each a Lock-Up Agreement),
and (ii) the Company, the Sponsor, Pubco, the IPO Underwriter and the other Insiders named therein entered into an amendment
to letter agreement, dated as of November 20, 2023, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the Companys officers and
directors (as amended, the Insider Letter);

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 5.5 of the Original Registration Rights Agreement, the provisions, covenants, and conditions set forth therein may be amended
or modified upon the written consent of the Company and the holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities (as
defined in the Original Registration Rights Agreement) at the time in question, and the Sponsor is holder of at least a majority-in-interest
of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Original Registration Rights Agreement) as of the date hereof; and

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Sponsor desire to amend and restate the Original Registration Rights Agreement and enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which
Pubco shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities of Pubco, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. The terms defined in this
Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive
Officer or principal financial officer of Pubco, after consultation with counsel to Pubco, (i) would be required to be made in any Registration
Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary
prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such
time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) Pubco has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information
public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board shall mean the
Board of Directors of Pubco.

Business
Combination Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Commission shall mean
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding GrabAGun Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

2

Demanding Sponsor
Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1 shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder Shares shall
have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Founder Shares Lock-up Period
shall mean the applicable lock-up period in the Insider Letter, as amended.

GrabAGun Holders shall
have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Holders shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Lock-Up Agreement shall
have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Lock-up Period
shall mean (i) with respect to the Sponsor Holders, the Founder Shares Lock-up Period and Private Placement Lock-Up Period specified in
the Insider Letter, as amended, and (ii) with respect to the GrabAGun Holders, the lock-up period specified in the Lock-up Agreements.

Maximum Number of Securities
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Original Registration
Rights Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean (a) with respect to the Sponsor Holders and their respective Permitted Transferees, (i) prior to the expiration of the applicable
Lock-up Period, any person or entity to whom such Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities
prior to the expiration of the applicable Lock-up Period pursuant to the Insider Letter, as amended, and (ii) after the expiration of
the applicable Lock-up Period, any person or entity to whom such Holder is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities, subject
to and in accordance with any applicable agreement between such Holder and/or their respective Permitted Transferees and Pubco and any
transferee thereafter; (b) with respect to the GrabAGun Holders and their respective Permitted Transferees, (i) prior to the expiration
of the applicable Lock-up Period, any person or entity to whom such Holder is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the applicable Lock-up Period pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreement and (ii) after the expiration of the applicable Lock-up
Period, any person or entity to whom such Holder is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities, subject to and in accordance with
any applicable agreement between such Holder and/or their respective Permitted Transferees and Pubco and any transferee thereafter; and
(c) with respect to all other Holders and their respective Permitted Transferees, any person or entity to whom such Holder of Registrable
Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities, subject to and in accordance with any applicable agreement between such
Holder and/or their respective Permitted Transferees and Pubco and any transferee thereafter.

3

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement Lock-up Period
shall mean the applicable lock-up period in the Insider Letter, as amended.

Private Placement Warrants
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Pubco
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Pubco Common
Stock shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the shares of Pubco Common Stock issued as Aggregate Stock Consideration in the Company Merger, (b) the Founder Shares
(including the shares of Pubco Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion of any Founder Shares or that are issued in exchange
for such Founder Shares in the Purchaser Merger), (c) the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Pubco Common Stock issuable on
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, (d) any outstanding shares of Pubco Common Stock or any other equity security (including the
shares of Pubco Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of Pubco held by a Sponsor Holder as of
the date of this Agreement, (e) any Working Capital Warrants and shares of Pubco Common Stock issuable on exercise of the Working Capital
Warrants, (f) any warrants, shares of capital stock or other securities of Pubco issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect
to or in exchange for or in replacement of Company Ordinary Shares and (g) any other equity security of Pubco issued or issuable with
respect to any such shares of Pubco Common Stock by way of a stock capitalization or stock split or in connection with a combination of
shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable
Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such
securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or
exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates
for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by Pubco and subsequent public distribution
of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D)
such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated
thereafter by the Commission) (but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations); or (E) such securities have been sold to, or
through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing
fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) and any securities
exchange on which the shares of Pubco Common Stock are then listed;

(B) fees and expenses of compliance
with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue
sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery
expenses;

4

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
for Pubco;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements
of all independent registered public accountants of Pubco incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and(F) reasonable
fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Sponsor Demanding Holders initiating
a Demand Registration to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements
to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder shall
have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act shall
mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Sponsor shall have
the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Sponsor Holders
shall mean the Sponsor and its Permitted Transferees who hold Registrable Securities.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration
or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of Pubco are sold to an Underwriter
in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Warrant Subscription
Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital Warrants
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Article
II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for
Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to
time after the date hereof, (i) a majority-in-interest of the then outstanding Registrable Securities held by the Sponsor Holders
(the Demanding Sponsor Holders) or (ii) the Holders of a majority-in-interest of the then outstanding
Registrable Securities held by the GrabAGun Holders (the Demanding GrabAGun Holders) (any of the
Demanding Sponsor Holders or any of the Demanding GrabAGun Holders being in such case, a Demanding
Holders) may make a written demand for Registration of all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written
demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration and the intended method(s) of
distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration). Pubco shall, within ten (10) days of
Pubcos receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand,
and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable
Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such
Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify Pubco,
in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from Pubco. Upon receipt by Pubco of any such written
notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to Pubco, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities
included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and Pubco shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable, but not more
than forty five (45) days immediately after Pubcos receipt of the Demand Registration, the Registration of all Registrable
Securities requested by the Demanding Holder(s) and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant to such Demand Registration, including by filing a
Registration Statement relating thereto as soon as practicable. Under no circumstances shall Pubco be obligated to effect more than
an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or
all Registrable Securities, provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a
Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1)
has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the
Requesting Holders in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

5

2.1.2 Effective Registration.
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand
Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect
to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) Pubco has complied with all
of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement
has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently
interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration
Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order
or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such
Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify Pubco in writing, but in
no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that Pubco shall not be obligated or required
to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering.
Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders
so advise Pubco as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration
shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its
Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering
and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such
Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest
of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten
Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith,
advises Pubco, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities
that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other shares of Pubco Common Stock
or other equity securities that Pubco desires to sell and the shares of Pubco Common Stock, if any, as to which a Registration has been
requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other stockholders who desire to sell, exceeds
the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting
the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar
amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then Pubco
shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting
Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if
any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding
Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred to herein as
Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent
that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of Holders (Pro
Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (iii) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the shares of Pubco
Common Stock or other equity securities that Pubco desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii),
the shares of Pubco Common Stock or other equity securities of other persons or entities that Pubco is obligated to register in a Registration
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

6

2.1.5 Demand Registration
Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting
Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant
to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to Pubco and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if
any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission
with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, Pubco shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant
to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

2.2 Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback Rights.
If, at any time on or after the Closing Date, Pubco proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to
an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities,
for its own account or for the account of shareholders of Pubco (or by Pubco and by the shareholders of Pubco including, without limitation,
pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or
other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to Pubcos existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering
of debt that is convertible into equity securities of Pubco or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then Pubco shall give written notice
of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in
such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable
Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggyback
Registration). Pubco shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggyback Registration
and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable
Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms
and conditions as any similar securities of Pubco included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable
Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary
form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by Pubco.

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggyback
Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration,
in good faith, advises Pubco and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that the
dollar amount or number of the shares of Pubco Common Stock that Pubco desires to sell, taken together with (i) the shares of Pubco Common
Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities
other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested
pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the shares of Pubco Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested
pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of Pubco, exceeds the Maximum Number of
Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken
for Pubcos account, Pubco shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the shares of Pubco Common Stock or other equity securities
that Pubco desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights
to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable
Securities that such Holder has requested be included in such Registration), which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and
(B), the shares of Pubco Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back
registration rights of other shareholders of Pubco, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

7

(b) If the Registration is pursuant
to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then Pubco shall include in any such Registration
(A) first, the shares of Pubco Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the
Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that
the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising
their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the respective number of
Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities
that the Holders have requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the shares
of Pubco Common Stock or other equity securities that Pubco desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A),
(B) and (C), the shares of Pubco Common Stock or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that Pubco is obligated
to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the
Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback Registration
Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any or no reason
whatsoever upon written notification to Pubco and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from
such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggyback
Registration. Pubco (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate
written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection with a Piggyback Registration
at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Pubco
shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration prior to its withdrawal under
this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggyback
Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted
as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Registrations on Form
S-3. The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that Pubco, pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their
Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form
S-3); provided, however, that Pubco shall not be obligated to effect such request through an Underwritten
Offering. Within five (5) days of the Pubcos receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for
a Registration on Form S-3, Pubco shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of
Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders
Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify Pubco, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the
Holder of the notice from Pubco. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after Pubcos initial receipt
of such written request for a Registration on Form S-3, Pubco shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities
as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining
in such request as are specified in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that Pubco
shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such
offering; or (ii) the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of Pubco entitled to
inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate
price to the public of less than $10,000,000.

2.4 Restrictions on
Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to Pubcos good faith estimate
of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, Pubco initiated
Registration and provided that Pubco has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant
to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable
Registration Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and Pubco and the Holders
are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board
such Registration would be seriously detrimental to Pubco and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the
filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then in each case Pubco shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by
the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to Pubco for such
Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration
Statement. In such event, Pubco shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Pubco shall not be required to effect or permit any
Registration or cause any Registration Statement to become effective, with respect to any Registrable Securities held by any Holder,
until after the expiration of the applicable Lock-Up Period.

8

Article
III

PUBCO PROCEDURES

3.1 General Procedures.
If at any time on or after the date hereof Pubco is required to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, Pubco shall use its
best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution
thereof, and pursuant thereto Pubco shall, as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with
the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare and file with
the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as
may be requested by a majority in interest of the Holders with Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement or any
Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form
used by Pubco or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration
Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration
Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as
proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents
incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and
such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel
for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering
of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement
under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities
included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary
to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental
authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of Pubco and do any and all other acts and things that may be
necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition
of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that Pubco shall not be required to qualify generally
to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject
to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable
Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by Pubco are then
listed;

9

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or warrant agent,
as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of
such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by
the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop
order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days
prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement furnish
a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing copies promptly
upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at
any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening
of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement,
and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative
of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney
or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriters to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of
the Registration Statement, and cause Pubcos officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by
any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that
such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Pubco, prior
to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, Pubco may not include the name of any Holder or Underwriter
or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, any amendment or supplement to such
Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus,
or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, and providing each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document,
which comments Pubco shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

3.1.11 obtain a cold
comfort letter from Pubcos independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration, in customary
form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably
request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable
Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing Pubco for
the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any,
covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement
agent, sales agent, or Underwriters may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters,
and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten
Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter
of such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its
security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning
with the first day of Pubcos first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies
the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by
the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration
involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to
make available senior executives of Pubco to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably
requested by the Underwriters in any Underwritten Offering; and

10

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith,
cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration Expenses.
The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by Pubco. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the Holders shall bear
all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions and discounts,
brokerage fees, Underwriters marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses,
all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements for Participation
in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of Pubco pursuant to a Registration
initiated by Pubco hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on the basis provided in any underwriting
arrangements approved by Pubco and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up
agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension of Sales;
Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from Pubco that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a Misstatement,
each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received copies of a supplemented
or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that Pubco hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement
or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing by Pubco that the use
of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of any
Registration at any time would require Pubco to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration Statement
of financial statements that are unavailable to Pubco for reasons beyond Pubcos control, Pubco may, upon giving prompt written
notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for
the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith by Pubco to be necessary for such purpose.
In the event Pubco exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of
the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable
Securities. Pubco shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this
Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting Obligations.
As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, Pubco, at all times while it shall be a reporting company under the Exchange Act,
covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to
be filed by Pubco after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly furnish
the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. Pubco further covenants that it shall take such further action as any Holder
may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell shares of Pubco Common Stock held by
such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under
the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon the
request of any Holder, Pubco shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has complied
with such requirements.

3.6 Requirements for Participation
in Underwritten Offerings and Limitations on Registration Rights. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity
securities of Pubco pursuant to a registration initiated by Pubco hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons
securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by Pubco and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires,
powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required
under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

11

Article
IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 Pubco agrees to indemnify,
to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each person who controls such Holder
(within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees)
caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus
or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished
in writing to Pubco by such Holder expressly for use therein. Pubco shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and
each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing
with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any
Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to Pubco in writing such
information and affidavits as Pubco reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and,
to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify Pubco, its directors and officers and agents and each person who controls Pubco (within
the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable
attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary
Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information
or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to
indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder
of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable
Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers,
directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in
the foregoing with respect to indemnification of Pubco.

4.1.3 Any person entitled to
indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification
(provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent
such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment
a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying
party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the
indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim
shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties indemnified by such
indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist
between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without
the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all
respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which
settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release
from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided
for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified
party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. Pubco and
each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by
any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event Pubcos or such Holders indemnification is unavailable
for any reason.

12

4.1.5 If the
indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying
party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a
result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault
of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of
the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in
question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material
fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying
partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited
to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable
by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations
set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably
incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of
allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

Article
V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any notice
or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the party to
be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier service
providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile. Each notice
or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent,
and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices
delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the
addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation.
Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to Pubco, to: GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc., 200 East Beltline
Road, Suite 403, Coppell TX 75019, Attention: Marc Nemati President and Chief Executive Officer, with copy to: Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP,
Attention: Spencer G. Feldman, Esq., and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact information as set forth in Pubcos
books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice to the other parties
hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in this Section
5.1.

5.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the
rights, duties and obligations of Pubco hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by Pubco in whole or in part.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration
of the applicable Lock-up Period, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement,
in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only
if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement. After the expiration of
the applicable Lock-up Period, the Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement,
in while or in part, to any transferee.

5.2.3 This Agreement and the
provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns
of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights
or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

13

5.2.5 No assignment by any party
hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate Pubco unless and until Pubco shall
have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee,
in a form reasonably satisfactory to Pubco, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an
addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2
shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing Law; Venue.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO
AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION
OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE FEDERAL COURTS
OF THE UNITED STATES OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN EACH CASE LOCATED IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS
TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

5.5 Amendments and Modifications.
Upon the written consent of Pubco, the Sponsor and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Sponsor Registrable Securities
at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or
any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the
foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of
the capital shares of Pubco, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent
of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or Pubco and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the
part of a Holder or Pubco in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies
of any Holder or Pubco. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver
or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other Registration
Rights. 1Pubco represents and warrants
that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right to require Pubco or the Company to register any securities
of Pubco or the Company for sale or to include such securities of Pubco or the Company in any Registration filed by Pubco or the Company
for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, Pubco represents and warrants that this
Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict
between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term. This Agreement
shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date as of which (A) all of the
Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to
in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or
(B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities without registration pursuant to Rule 144
(or any similar provision) under the Securities Act with no volume or other restrictions or limitations. The provisions of Section
3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

5.8 Termination of
Business Combination Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon each party upon such partys execution and delivery
of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall only become effective upon the Closing. In the event that the Business Combination
Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the Closing, this Agreement shall automatically terminate and
become null and void and be of no further force or effect, and the parties shall have no obligations hereunder and the provisions of
the Original Registration Rights Agreement shall be automatically reinstated and in effect.

[Signature
Page Follows]

1 NTD:
This provision will need to be updated if investors are granted registration rights.

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II, a
Cayman Islands exempted company

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Chief Executive Officer

PUBCO: 

GrabAGun
Digital Holdings Inc., a
Texas corporation

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

HOLDERS:

COLOMBIER SPONSOR II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company By Omeed Malik Advisors LLC, Managing Member

By: 

Name: Omeed Malik

Title: Manager of Omeed Malik Advisors LLC

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

GRABAGUN HOLDERS: 

Marc
Nemati

Justin C. Hilty

Matthew W. Vittitow

Brent W. Cossey

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

HOLDERS (for entities):

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address for Notice:

Address: 

Facsimile No.: 

Telephone No.: 

Email: 

HOLDERS (for individuals):

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Address for Notice:

Address: 

Facsimile No.: 

Telephone No.: 

Email: 

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>clbr-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>clbr-20250106_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>clbr-20250106_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>clbr-20250106_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 06, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41874

Entity Registrant Name COLOMBIER ACQUISITION
CORP. II

Entity Central Index Key 0001995413

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1753949

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 214 Brazilian Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200-J

Entity Address, City or Town Palm Beach

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33480

City Area Code 561

Local Phone Number 805-3588

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol CLBR.U

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CLBR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol CLBR.WS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLBR_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLBR_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CLBR_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://colombierspac.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

clbr-20250106.xsd 
clbr-20250106_def.xml 
clbr-20250106_lab.xml 
clbr-20250106_pre.xml 
ea0226918-8k425_colombier2.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-002100-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ea0226918-8k425_colombier2_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001995413 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0001995413 

CLBR:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0001995413 

CLBR:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0001995413 

CLBR:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001995413 
8-K 
2025-01-06 
COLOMBIER ACQUISITION CORP. II 
E9 
001-41874 
98-1753949 
214 Brazilian Avenue 
Suite 200-J 
Palm Beach 
FL 
33480 
561 
805-3588 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 
CLBR.U 
NYSE 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
CLBR 
NYSE 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
CLBR.WS 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>