<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009257.txt : 20250305
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009257.hdr.sgml : 20250305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305172318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009257
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001648087
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				473892903
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41267
		FILM NUMBER:		25712497

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5115 MARYLAND WAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 303
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-267-3235

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5115 MARYLAND WAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 303
		CITY:			BRENTWOOD
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUBESCAPE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150714
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164808700016480872025-02-242025-02-240001648087AREB:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-02-242025-02-240001648087AREB:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember2025-02-242025-02-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 24, 2025

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-41267 47-3892903

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

5115
Maryland Way, Suite 303

Brentwood,
Tennessee 

37027

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (833)267-3235

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value AREB The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Common
Stock Purchase Warrants AREBW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

1800
Diagonal Note

On
March 3, 2025, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC, an accredited investor (the
Lender), pursuant to which the Lender made a loan to the Company, evidenced by a promissory note in the principal amount
of $94,300 (the Note). An original issue discount of $12,300 and fees of $7,000 were applied on the issuance date, resulting
in net loan proceeds to the Company of $75,000. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, is required
to be paid in five payments, with the first payment of $54,222.50 due on August 30, 2025, and remaining four payments of $13,555.63 due
on the thirtieth day of each month thereafter (a total payback to the Lender of $108,445.00).

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company
will be obligated to pay to the Lender, in full satisfaction of its obligations, an amount equal to 150% times the sum of (w) the then
outstanding principal amount of the Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Note to the date
of payment plus (y) default interest, if any, at the rate of 22% per annum on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus
(z) any amounts owed to the Lender pursuant to the conversion rights referenced below.

Only
upon an occurrence of an event of default under the Note, the Lender may convert the outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Note
into restricted shares of common stock of the Company at a discount of 25% of the market price. The Lender agreed to limit the amount
of stock received to less than 4.99% of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or other derivatives attached to this
Note. The Company agreed to reserve a number of shares of common stock equal to four times the number of shares of common stock which
may be issuable upon conversion of the Note at all times.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement and of all of the parties rights and obligations under
the Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement are qualified in its entirety by reference to the Note and the Securities Purchase Agreement,
copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 respectively to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and of which are incorporated herein
by reference.

Item
2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation Under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

2

Item
2.04 Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.

Revenue
Interest Purchase Agreements

Revenue
Agreement No. 1

On
April 9, 2024, the Company entered into a $75,000 Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the Revenue
Agreement No. 1). Effective August 5, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Exchange and Amendment Agreement with the investor,
whereby the investor exchanged a portion of and amended certain provisions of the Revenue Agreement No. 1 as follows:

Commencing
on October 1, 2024 and continuing thereafter until all amounts are repurchased by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Revenue Agreement,
the investor has a right to receive $7,500 per month from the Company generated from its operating subsidiaries (the Revenue
Interest). Under the Revenue Agreement, the Company has an option (the Call Option) to repurchase the
Revenue Interest at any time upon two days advance written notice. Additionally, the Purchasers have an option (the Put Option)
to terminate the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement and to require the Company to repurchase future Revenue Interest upon the Company
consummating a public offering pursuant to Regulation A. The repurchase price to be paid by the Company will be, if the Call Option or
the Put Option is exercised (i) $70,312.50 if repurchased on or before September 30, 2024; and (ii) $75,937.50 after October 1, 2024;
in each case of (i) or (ii), minus all Revenue Interest or other payments made by the Company to the investor prior to such date.

On
March 3, 2025, the Company received written notice on behalf of the investor that it is in default of the Revenue Agreement No. 1, as
amended, for failure to make payments due thereunder. Upon receipt of this notice, the increased amount ($75,937.50) plus an additional
twenty-five percent ($18,984.38 for a total of $94,921.88) is now immediately due and payable, in addition to any and all other amounts
due under the Revenue Agreement No. 1. If the Company is unable to cure the default, or payoff the Revenue Agreement No. 1, it may have
a material impact on the Companys working capital needs. In addition, the Company having to raise equity or debt financing to
repay the Revenue Agreement No. 1 or obtaining a new loan may be on substantially worse terms than the Revenue Agreement No. 1.

Revenue
Agreement No. 2

On
April 9, 2024, the Company entered into a $300,000 Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the Revenue
Agreement No. 2). Effective August 5, 2024, the Company entered into an Amendment Agreement with the investor, whereby the investor
amended certain provisions of the Revenue Agreement No. 2 as follows:

Commencing
on October 1, 2024 and continuing thereafter until all amounts are repurchased by the Company pursuant to the terms of the Revenue Agreement,
the investor has a right to receive $30,000 per month from the Company generated from its operating subsidiaries (the Revenue
Interest 2). Under the Revenue Agreement, the Company has an option (the Call Option 2) to repurchase
the Revenue Interest at any time upon two days advance written notice. Additionally, the Purchasers have an option (the Put
Option 2) to terminate the Revenue Interest Purchase Agreement and to require the Company to repurchase future Revenue Interest
2 upon the Company consummating a public offering pursuant to Regulation A. The repurchase price to be paid by the Company will be, if
the Call Option 2 or the Put Option 2 is exercised (i) $562,500 if repurchased on or before September 30, 2024; and (ii) $607,500 after
October 1, 2024; in each case of (i) or (ii), minus all Revenue Interest 2 or other payments made by the Company to the investor prior
to such date.

3

On
March 3, 2025, the Company received written notice on behalf of the investor that it is in default of the Revenue Agreement No. 2, as
amended, for failure to make payments due thereunder. Upon receipt of this notice, the increased amount ($607,500) plus an additional
twenty-five percent ($151,875 for a total of $759,375) is now immediately due and payable, in addition to any and all other amounts due
under the Revenue Agreement No. 2. If the Company is unable to cure the default, or payoff the Revenue Agreement No. 2, it may have a
material impact on the Companys working capital needs. In addition, the Company having to raise equity or debt financing to repay
the Revenue Agreement No. 2 or obtaining a new loan may be on substantially worse terms than the Revenue Agreement No. 2.

Item
3.02 Sale of Unregistered Securities. 

On
February 24, 2025, Silverback Capital Corporation (SCC), pursuant to the Settlement Agreement and Stipulation with the
Company dated December 26, 2024, requested the issuance of 80,000 shares of Common Stock to SCC, representing a payment of approximately
$40,068.00.

On
February 25, 2025, SCC requested the issuance of 142,500 shares of Common Stock to SCC, representing a payment of approximately $65,193.75.

On
February 27, 2025, SCC requested the issuance of 150,000 shares of Common Stock to SCC, representing a payment of approximately $63,855.00.

On
February 27, 2025, the Purchaser, pursuant to the Purchase and Exchange Agreement dated November 11, 2024, as amended on February 19,
2025, sent the Company a second closing notice for the exchange of $55,000 of assigned note portion for 129,199 shares of the Companys
common stock.

On
March 4, 2025, SCC requested the issuance of 170,000 shares of Common Stock to SCC, representing a payment of approximately $63,750.00.

On
March 4, 2025, the Purchaser, pursuant to the Purchase and Exchange Agreement dated November 11, 2024, as amended on February 19, 2025,
sent the Company a third closing notice for the exchange of $52,712.25 of assigned note portion for 140,566 shares of the Companys
common stock.

On March 5, 2025, the Company authorized the issuance of 200,000 shares
of common stock to an accredited investor upon the conversion of $64,950 due under a promissory note dated September 4, 2024. 

All
of the above-described issuances (if any) were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2), Section 3(a)(9), Section 3(a)(10)
and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act as transactions not involving a public offering. With respect to each transaction listed above,
no general solicitation was made by either the Company or any person acting on its behalf. All such securities issued pursuant to such
exemptions are restricted securities as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) promulgated under the Securities Act, appropriate legends have been
placed on the documents evidencing the securities, and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
February 25, 2025, the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary, Champion Safe Company, issued a press release entitled Champion
Safe Partners with NetWize to Enhance Technology, Streamline Operations and Drive Sales, Margin, and Profit Growth. A copy of
the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

4

The
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements
are necessarily based on certain assumptions and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements
are based on managements expectations as of the date hereof. The Registrant does not undertake any responsibility for the adequacy,
accuracy or completeness or to update any of these statements in the future. Actual future performance and results could differ from
that contained in or suggested by these forward-looking statements.

The
information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K in such a filing.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 1800 Diagonal Note dated March 3, 2025

10.2 1800 Diagonal Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 3, 2025

99.1 Champion Safe NetWize Partnership Press Release dated February 25, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File

5

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

Date:
March 5, 2025 By: /s/
Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Charles
A. Ross, Jr.

Chief
Executive Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

THE
ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A)
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH
COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. 

THE
ISSUE PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS $94,300.00

THE
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IS $12,300.00

Principal
Amount: $94,300.00 Issue
Date: March 3, 2025

Purchase
Price: $82,000.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower), hereby promises
to pay to the order of 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder)
the sum of $94,300.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on December 30, 2025 (the Maturity Date), and to
pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof from the date hereof (the Issue Date) as set forth herein.
This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest
on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per annum from the due date thereof
until the same is paid (Default Interest). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, $0.001
par value per share (the Common Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United
States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made
in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning
ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued
(the Purchase Agreement).

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of stockholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The
following terms shall apply to this Note:

Article
I. GENERAL TERMS

1.1
Interest. A one-time interest charge of fifteen percent (15%) (the Interest Rate) shall be applied on the Issuance
Date to the principal amount ($94,300.00 * fifteen percent (15%) = $14,145.00). Interest hereunder shall be paid as set forth herein
to the Holder or its assignee in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers
of Notes in cash or, in the Event of Default, at the Option of the Holder, converted into share of Common Stock as set forth herein.

1.2
Mandatory Monthly Payments. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in five (5)
payments as follows:

Payment
Date Amount
of Payment

August
30, 2025 $54,222.50

September
30, 2025 $13,555.63

October
30, 2025 $13,555.63

November
30, 2025 $13,555.63

December
30, 2025 $13,555.61

(a total payback to the Holder of $108,445.00).

The
Company shall have a five (5) day grace period with respect to each payment. The Company has right to prepay in full at any time with
no prepayment penalty. All payments shall be made by bank wire transfer to the Holders wire instructions, attached hereto as Exhibit
A. For the avoidance of doubt, a missed payment shall be considered an Event of Default.

1.3
Prepayment Discount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, at any time during the period set
forth on the table immediately following this paragraph (the Prepayment Period) or as otherwise agreed to between the Borrower
and the Holder, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on not more than three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder
of the Note to prepay the outstanding Note (principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 1.3. Any notice
of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice) shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered
addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall
be not more than three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the date fixed for prepayment (the Optional
Prepayment Date), the Borrower shall make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to Holder, or upon the
direction of the Holder as specified by the Holder in a writing to the Borrower (which shall direction to be sent to Borrower by the
Holder at least one (1) business day prior to the Optional Prepayment Date). If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note,
the Borrower shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the percentage (Prepayment Percentage) as set
forth in the table immediately following this paragraph opposite the Prepayment Period, multiplied by the sum of the then outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to the Optional
Prepayment Date (the Optional Prepayment Amount).

Prepayment
Period Prepayment
Percentage

The
period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue Date. 95%

2

Article
II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

2.1
Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holders
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business in
one or a series of transactions which would render the Borrower a shell company as such term is defined in Rule 144 (as
defined herein).

Article
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If
any of the following events of default (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

3.1
Failure to Pay Principal and Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note,
whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise and such breach continues for a period of five (5) business days after written notice
from the Holder.

3.2
Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and
any collateral documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days
after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

3.3
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement
or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall
be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material
adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.

3.4
Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

3.5
Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower on or after the Issue Date.

3.6
Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market,
the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE American Stock Exchange (collectively, the Exchanges).

3.7
Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to materially comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act; and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

3.8
Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

3

3.9
Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its
debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

3.10
[intentionally deleted].

3.11
Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved
Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150% times the sum of (w)
the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred
to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Article IV hereof (the then outstanding principal
amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known
as the Default Amount) and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand,
presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

4

Article
IV. CONVERSION RIGHTS

4.1
Conversion Right. After the occurrence of an Event of Default, at any time, the Holder shall have the right, to convert all or
any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common
Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall
hereafter be changed or reclassified at the conversion price determined as provided herein (a Conversion); provided,
however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note
upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other
than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the
unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this
Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its
affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence,
beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership
limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder. The number of shares of Common Stock to be
issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion
Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B(the Notice of
Conversion), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 4.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion
is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before
6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date); however, if the Notice of Conversion
is sent after 6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount
means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion
plus (2) at the Holders option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided
in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holders option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred
to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holders option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant
to Sections 4.4 hereof. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and in addition to the limitations set forth herein,
if the Borrower has not obtained Stockholder Approval, the Borrower shall not issue a number of shares of Common Stock under this Agreement,
which when aggregated with all other securities that are required to be aggregated for purposes of Rule 5635(d), would exceed 19.99%
of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of definitive agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions
(the Conversion Limitation). For purposes of this section, Stockholder Approval means such approval as may
be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the stockholders of
the Company with respect to the issuance of the shares under this Agreement that, when taken together with any other securities that
are required to be aggregated with the issuance of the shares issued under this Agreement for purposes of Rule 5635(d) of the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC (Rule 5635(d)), would exceed 19.99% of the issued and outstanding common stock as of the date of definitive
agreement with respect to the first of such aggregated transactions. Principal Market means the Exchanges, the quotation
platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, and all rules and regulations relating to such
exchange. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.6 hereof, the Conversion Limitation shall no longer apply
to limit the issuance of shares in conversion of this Note.

5

4.2
Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall mean 75% multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount
rate of 25%)(subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the Borrowers
securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions
and similar events). Market Price means the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten
(10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for
any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the or applicable exchange or trading market (the Trading Market)
as reported by a reliable reporting service (Reporting Service) designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the Trading
Market is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange
or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of the foregoing
manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed in the pink sheets.
If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the
fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of the Notes being converted for which
the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. Trading Day
shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the Trading Market, or on the principal securities exchange
or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.

The
Holder shall be entitled to deduct $1,500.00 from the conversion amount in each Notice of Conversion to cover Holders deposit
fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. Any additional expenses incurred by Holder with respect to the Borrowers transfer
agent, for the issuance of the Common Stock into which this Note is convertible into, shall immediately and automatically be added to
the balance of the Note at such time as the expenses are incurred by Holder.

4.3
Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period that the Note is outstanding, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common
Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have
authorized and reserved four times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion
Price of the Note in effect from time to time initially 948,153 shares) (the Reserved Amount). The Reserved Amount shall
be increased (or decreased) from time to time (and in the case of each payment received by the Holder hereunder) in accordance with the
Borrowers obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital structure which would
change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower
shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized
and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably
instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that
its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock
certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Note.

If,
at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note.

4.4
Method of Conversion.

(a)
Mechanics of Conversion. As set forth in Section 4.1 hereof, at any time following an Event of Default, and during the continuation
thereof, the balance due pursuant to this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after
the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication
dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 4.4(b), surrendering this Note
at the principal office of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder).

(b)
Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion.

6

(c)
Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or
other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
4.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt subject to the terms hereof and applicable
rules of the Principal Market (as defined hereinbelow) (the Deadline) (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire
unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt
by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such
conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such
conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note being
so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein
provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrowers obligation
to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action
by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against
any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the
holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of
any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower
to the Holder in connection with such conversion.

(d)
Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer (FAST) program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower
shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder
by crediting the account of Holders Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC)
system.

(e)
Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way limiting the Holders right to pursue other remedies,
including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to willful and purposeful action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay
to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail
to Deliver Fee); provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e.,
transfer agent; and not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery
of such Common Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued
or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms
of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The
Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate,
interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated
damages provision contained in this Section 4.4(e) are justified.

7

4.5
Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless:
(i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) (Rule 144); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 4.5
and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

Any
restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the
Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have received an opinion of counsel from Holders counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable
transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the
Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the
opinion of counsel that properly conforms to applicable securities laws provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities
pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to this Note.

4.6
Effect of Certain Events.

(a)
Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more
than 50% of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower
with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization.

(b)
Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 4.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days
prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of stockholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

8

(c)
Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend
or distribution to the Borrowers stockholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining stockholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would
have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder
of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to such Distribution.

Article
V. Miscellaneous

5.1
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

5.2
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most
recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a)
upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Borrower, to:

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

5115
Maryland Way, Suite 303

Brentwood,
Tennessee 37027

Attn:
Charles A. Ross, Jr., Chief Executive Officer

Email:
andy@andyross.com

9

If
to the Holder:

1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC

1800
Diagonal Road, Suite 623

Alexandria
VA 22314

Attn:
Curt Kramer, President

Email:
ckramer6@bloomberg.net

5.3
Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the
Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the
other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended
or supplemented.

5.4
Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit
of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in
Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged
as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without
the consent of the Borrower.

5.5
Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees.

5.6
Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction
and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or
based upon forum non conveniens. The Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The Holder shall be entitled to recover from the Borrower
its reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined
in Article III hereof. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid
or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid
or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof or any agreement delivered
in connection herewith. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with this Note by
mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law.

5.7
Purchase Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

5.8
Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach
of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required.

10

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on March 3, 2025

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: /s/
Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Charles
A. Ross, Jr. 

Chief
Executive Officer 

11

EXHIBIT A WIRE INSTRUCTIONS

Bank
Name: United
Bank Fairfax

Bank
Address: 11185
Fairfax Road, Fairfax, VA 22030

Routing
Number: 056004445

Beneficiary
Account Number: 86475980

Beneficiary:
1800
Diagonal Lending LLC

Mailing
Address: 1800
Diagonal Road, Suite 623, Alexandria, VA 22314

12

EXHIBIT
B NOTICE OF CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (Common Stock) as set forth below,
of AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower) according to the conditions of the convertible note
of the Borrower dated as of March 3, 2025 (the Note), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder
for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any.

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions:

The
Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system (DWAC Transfer).

Name
of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account
Number: 

The
undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
below (which numbers are based on the Holders calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or,
if additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto:

Date
of conversion: 

Applicable
Conversion Price: $

Number
of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to conversion of the Notes: 

Amount
of Principal Balance due remaining under the Note after this conversion: 

1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC

By: 

Name: 
Curt
Kramer 

Title:
President 

Date: 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of March 3, 2025, by and between AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS,
INC., a Nevada corporation, with its address at 5115 Maryland Way, Suite 303, Brentwood, Tennessee 37027 (the Company),
and 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, with its address at 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623, Alexandria
VA 22314 (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A.
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act); and

B.
Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a promissory
note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of $94,300.00 (including $12,300.00
of Original Issue Discount) (the Note) with additional tranches of financing during the next twelve (12) months in the
aggregate amount of up to $1,000,000.00 subject to further agreement by and between the Company and the Buyer; and

NOW
THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of the Securities.

a.
Purchase of the Securities. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer
agrees to purchase from the Company the Securities as is set forth immediately below the Buyers name on the signature pages hereto.

b.
Form of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Securities be issued
and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the Purchase Price) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to
the Company, in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Securities, and (ii) the Company
shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company against delivery of such Purchase Price.

c.
Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below,
the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be 12:00
noon, Eastern Standard Time on or about March 4, 2025, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.

2.
Buyers Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that:

a.
Investment Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares
and, collectively with the Note, the Securities) for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale
or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act.

b.
Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D (an Accredited Investor).

c.
Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the
Securities.

d.
Information. The Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information
unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer.

e.
Legends. The Buyer understands that the Securities have not been registered under the 1933 Act; and may bear a restrictive legend
in substantially the following form:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS
(1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2)
THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE BUYER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUERS TRANSFER AGENT, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

2

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the Buyer of any Security upon
which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under
an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such Buyer provides
the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to
the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be
accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel that properly conforms to applicable securities laws provided
by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of any Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, at the Deadline,
it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

f.
Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its
terms.

3.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:

a.
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated
and conducted. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which
the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

b.
Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement,
the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note has been duly authorized by the Companys
Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii)
this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative
is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith
and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each
of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms.

3

c.
Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized common stock of the Company consists of 600,000,000
authorized shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 2,704,305 shares are issued and outstanding. All of such
outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

d.
Issuance of Shares. The Securities are duly authorized and reserved for issuance in accordance with its respective terms, will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof
and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability
upon the Buyer thereof.

e.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or
an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected
(except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted,
and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
entity. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition
or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements
or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith.

4

f.
SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and documents (other than exhibits
to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents). As a
result of the May 3, 2024 BF Borgers SEC action and the inability of BF Borgers to appear or practice before the SEC, all of the Companys
financial statements, references and disclosures are specifically excluded from the definition of SEC Documents, the Company cannot rep
or warrant to any such financial statements. Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the
SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the
amendments, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of
the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made
in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for the re-audit of the Companys
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 and except for such statements as have been amended or updated in
subsequent filings prior the date hereof). The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

g.
Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2024, except as set forth in the SEC Documents and for the BF Borgers SEC action,
there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations,
financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

h.
Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation
before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in
their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

i.
No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not
be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval
provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

j.
No Brokers. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction
fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

k.
No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement
will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment
Company). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

5

l.
Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. If the Company breaches any of the material representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3 which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in the Note, if any, and in addition to
any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default under Article III of
the Note.

4.
COVENANTS.

a.
Reasonable Commercial Efforts. The Company shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions
described in Section 7 of this Agreement.

b.
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes.

c.
Expenses. At the Closing, the Companys obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is to
reimburse Buyer expenses shall be $7,000.00 for Buyers legal fees and due diligence fee.

d.
Corporate Existence. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except with the prior written consent of the Buyer.

e.
Breach of Covenants. If the Company breaches any of the material covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any
other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in
the Note, it will be considered an event of default under Article III of the Note.

f.
Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall comply with the reporting
requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.

g.
The Buyer is Not a Dealer. The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not: (i) acted
as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv) conducted
any other professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection;
and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act.

h.
Trading Activities. Neither the Buyer nor its affiliates has an open short position in the common stock of the Company and the
Buyer agrees that it shall not, and that it will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales of or hedging transactions with
respect to the common stock of the Company.

6

5.
Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered
in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the shares underlying any conversion of the Note upon default of the Note (the Conversion
Shares) in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with
the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions). In the event that the Company proposes to replace its
transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve
shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount as such term is defined in the Note) signed by the successor transfer agent to Company
and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares may be
sold pursuant to an exemption from registration, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(e) of
this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this
Section 5, will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books
and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not
to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any
certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required
by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays,
and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof)
on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required
by the Note and/or this Agreement. If the Buyer provides the Company and the Companys transfer, at the cost of the Buyer, with
an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale
or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the
case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend,
in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder
will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the
Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the
event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition
to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

7

6.
Conditions to the Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Securities
to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto,
provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.

b.
The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c.
The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of
the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.
Conditions to The Buyers Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Securities at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions
are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a.
The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note, in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

c.
The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Companys Transfer Agent.

d.
The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as
of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the
Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required
by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received
a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing
effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect
to the Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.

8

e.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

f.
No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

8.
Governing Law; Miscellaneous.

a.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be brought only in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia or in the Alexandria Division of the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction
and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any objection or defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or
based upon forum non conveniens. The Company and Buyer waive trial by jury. The Buyer shall be entitled to recover from the Company its
reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with or related to any Event of Default by the Company, as defined
in Article III of the Note. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in
any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note or any related document or agreement by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

b.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered
to the other party.

c.
Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Agreement.

d.
Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule
of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

9

e.
Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may
be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

f.
Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most
recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a)
upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be
as set forth in the heading of this Agreement with a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice) to Naidich Wurman LLP,
111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214, Great Neck, NY 11021, Attn: Allison Naidich, facsimile: 516-466-3555, e-mail: allison@nwlaw.com.
Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address.

g.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
assigns. Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities
in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without
the consent of the Company.

h.
Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall
survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result
of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

10

i.
Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

j.
No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

k.
Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law
for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by
the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law
or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any
breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss
and without any bond or other security being required.

[THE
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/
Charles A. Ross, Jr. 

Charles
A. Ross, Jr. 

Chief
Executive Officer 

1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC

By: 
/s/
Curt Kramer 

Curt
Kramer 

President

Aggregate
Principal Amount of Note: $94,300.00

Original
Issue Discount $12,300.00

Aggregate
Purchase Price: $82,000.00

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit.
99.1

CHAMPION
SAFE PARTNERS WITH NETWIZE TO ENHANCE TECHNOLOGY, STREAMLINE OPERATIONS AND DRIVE SALES, MARGIN, AND PROFIT GROWTH

PROVO,
UT, Feb. 25, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Champion Safe Company, a leading manufacturer of premium safes and wholly-owned subsidiary
of American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB), Americas Patriotic Brand (americanrebel.com), has announced a strategic
partnership with NetWize, a premier IT services provider, to modernize and optimize its technology infrastructure. This collaboration
will improve efficiency, security, and overall business operations as Champion Safe continues its commitment to innovation and quality.

Champion
Safe is dedicated to delivering the highest quality security solutions to our customers, and that extends to how we operate as a company,
said Tom Mihalek, CEO of Champion Safe. By partnering with NetWize, we are investing in cutting-edge technology and streamlined
operations that will allow us to better serve our customers, support our long-term growth, and increase sales throughput, overall margin
and profitability.

NetWize
will implement a comprehensive technology upgrade across Champion Safes operations, including enhanced cybersecurity measures,
improved data management, and optimized IT infrastructure to support future expansion.

We
are excited to work with Champion Safe, a company that shares our dedication to excellence, said Jed Crossley, CEO of NetWize.
Our expertise in IT solutions will help Champion Safe increase operational efficiency, enhance security, and leverage technology
to drive innovation in the safe industry.

The
partnership underscores Champion Safes ongoing efforts to remain at the forefront of the safe manufacturing industry by integrating
modern technological solutions into its business model.

Customers
can expect an even greater level of service, reliability, and innovation as a result of this collaboration.

For
more information about Champion Safe, visit championsafe.com .

To
learn more about NetWize, visit NetWize.com .

About
Champion Safe Company

Champion
Safe Company has been at the forefront of safe manufacturing for over 25 years, offering a range of high-quality safes designed for ultimate
security and fire protection. With a commitment to craftsmanship and innovation, Champion Safes are trusted by homeowners, gun owners,
and businesses across the nation.

1

About
NetWize

Founded
in 1998, NetWize is a reputable IT provider located in Utah, committed to empowering businesses with scalable technology solutions and
expert IT services. We excel in managed IT services, cloud solutions, cybersecurity, and strategic IT consulting, all customized to address
the unique needs of our clients. Our certified team is dedicated to boosting productivity and driving innovation, ensuring that your
IT infrastructure performs at its best.

About
American Rebel Holdings, Inc.

American
Rebel Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AREB) has operated primarily as a designer, manufacturer and marketer of branded safes and personal security
and self-defense products and has recently transitioned into the beverage industry through the introduction of American Rebel Beer. The
Company also designs and produces branded apparel and accessories. To learn more, visit americanrebel.com and americanrebelbeer.com
. For investor information, visit americanrebel.com/investor-relations.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. American
Rebel Holdings, Inc., (NASDAQ: AREB; AREBW) (the Company, American Rebel, we, our
or us) desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words forecasts believe,
may, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, should,
plan, could, target, potential, is likely, expect
and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect
our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, and financial needs. Important factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those in the forward-looking statements include benefits of the NetWize partnership, actual effect of the partnership
on sales, margin and profit growth, our ability to effectively execute our business plan, and the Risk Factors contained within AREBs
filings with the SEC, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Form 10-Q for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024. Any forward-looking statement made by us herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or
events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments
or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

Company
Contacts:

jon.minder@americanrebel.com

thomas.mihalek@americanrebel.com

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>areb-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>areb-20250224_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>areb-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>areb-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41267

Entity Registrant Name AMERICAN
REBEL HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001648087

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-3892903

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 5115
Maryland Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 303

Entity Address, City or Town Brentwood

Entity Address, State or Province TN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 37027

City Area Code (833)

Local Phone Number 267-3235

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol AREB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock Purchase Warrants

Trading Symbol AREBW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AREB_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=AREB_CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://AREB/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

areb-20250224.xsd 
areb-20250224_def.xml 
areb-20250224_lab.xml 
areb-20250224_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009257-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001648087 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

0001648087 

AREB:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

0001648087 

AREB:CommonStockPurchaseWarrantsMember 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001648087 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
NV 
001-41267 
47-3892903 
5115 Maryland Way 
Suite 303 
Brentwood 
TN 
37027 
(833) 
267-3235 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
AREB 
NASDAQ 
Common Stock Purchase Warrants 
AREBW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>