<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001678.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001678.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107161602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001678
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001657788
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				475505475
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38005
		FILM NUMBER:		25515047

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 TAYLOR ST., SUITE 810
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-887-9976

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 TAYLOR ST., SUITE 810
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm251962d3_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000165778800016577882025-01-072025-01-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
January 7, 2025

Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP

(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-38005 47-5505475

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer 

Identification No.)

777 Taylor Street, Suite 810

Fort Worth, Texas 76102

(Address of principal executive
offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code:(817) 945-9700

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class: Trading
symbol(s): Name
of each exchange on which 

registered:

Common
Units Representing Limited Partnership Interests KRP New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Acquisition of Mineral and Royalty Interests

On January 7, 2025, Kimbell Royalty Partners,
LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Kimbell), entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with Boren Minerals, a Saskatchewan partnership (Boren), to acquire Borens oil and natural gas mineral and royalty
interests located in the Permian Basin (the Acquired Assets), for a total purchase price of approximately $231 million,
subject to customary adjustments (the Acquisition). Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Kimbell has the option
to pay the consideration entirely in cash or through a combination of $207 million in cash and the issuance of 1,433,915 common units
representing limited partnership interests in Kimbell (Common Units) to Boren.

Boren made certain representations, warranties
and covenants in the Purchase Agreement, including to conduct its business in the ordinary course during the period between the execution
of the Purchase Agreement and the closing, subject to certain exceptions. Kimbell made certain customary representations, warranties
and covenants in the Purchase Agreement. Kimbell, on the one hand, and Boren, on the other hand, have agreed to indemnify each other,
their affiliates and respective officers, directors, employees, consultants, advisors, representatives and agents against certain losses
resulting from breaches of their respective representations, warranties and covenants, subject to certain negotiated limitations and
survival periods set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

The Purchase Agreement provides that, during the
period from the date of the signing of the Purchase Agreement until the closing of the Acquisition or termination of the Purchase Agreement,
Boren will be subject to certain restrictions on its ability to solicit alternative acquisition proposals from third parties, to provide
non-public information to third parties and to engage in discussions with third parties regarding alternative acquisition proposals.

Completion of the Acquisition is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The Acquisition is expected to
close in the first quarter of 2025, with an effective date of October 1, 2024.

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Purchase Agreement, which is filed as
Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

The Purchase Agreement is filed herewith to provide
investors with information regarding its terms. The Purchase Agreement is not intended to provide any other factual information about
the parties to such agreement. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase
Agreement were made as of the date of the Purchase Agreement only and are qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules
provided by the parties to each other in connection with the signing of the Purchase Agreement. These disclosure schedules contain information
that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Moreover, certain
representations and warranties in the Purchase Agreement may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather
than establishing matters of fact. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties in the Purchase Agreement as
characterizations of the actual statements of fact about the parties.

Registration Rights Agreement

As described above, Kimbell
has the option to pay a portion of the purchase price for the Acquisition in the form of Common Units. If Common Units are issued, Kimbell
will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with Boren, pursuant to which, among
other things, Kimbell will (i) prepare, file with the Commission a shelf registration statement (the Shelf Registration Statement)
with respect to the resale of the Common Units by Boren (such Common Units being Registrable Securities) that would permit
some or all of the Registrable Securities to be resold in registered transactions, (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to maintain
the effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement while the Purchasers and each of their transferees that hold Registrable Securities
are in possession of Registrable Securities and (iii) under certain circumstances, initiate underwritten offerings for the Registrable
Securities.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the form of the Registration Rights Agreement,
which is included as Exhibit E to the Purchase Agreement, and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The private placement of the Common Units under the Purchase Agreement will be undertaken
in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 7, 2025, Kimbell issued a news
release announcing that it had entered into the Purchase Agreement. A copy of the news release is attached hereto, furnished as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.

The information set forth in this Item 7.01 (including
Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), nor shall such information be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of the general incorporation language of such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific
reference in such filing.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

Additional Information about the Acquisition

Kimbell estimates that, as of
September 30, 2024, the Acquired Assets produced 1,842 Boe/d (1,125 Bbl/d of oil, 410 Bbl/d of NGLs, and 1,842 Mcf/d of natural
gas) (on a 6:1 basis), which is expected to increase Kimbells average daily net production as of September 30, 2024 by
approximately 8% and further balance Kimbells commodity mix. In addition, Kimbell estimates that the 2025 average production
of the Acquired Assets will be approximately 1,842 Boe/d (60% oil, 17% natural gas, 23% NGLs), which would generate an estimated
$30.9 million of cash flow at strip pricing as of January 3, 2025. Kimbell further estimates that, as of September 30,
2024, the Acquired Assets consisted of approximately 6,953 net royalty acres (normalized to 1/8th) and 875 gross producing wells in
the Permian Basin.

Kimbell estimates that the Acquired Assets will
reduce Kimbells general and administrative expense (G&A), net of non-cash unit-based compensation, by approximately
7% per Boe. As of September 30, 2024, there were 2 active rigs drilling on the Acquired Assets acreage. Additionally, Kimbell
estimates that, as of September 30, 2024, the Acquired Assets consisted of 1.22 net drilled but uncompleted wells and net permitted
locations, which is expected to increase Kimbells total net drilled but uncompleted wells and permitted location inventory by approximately
16% to a total of 9.06 net wells. The Acquired Assets consisted of 6.06 net (513 gross) upside locations, which is expected to increase
Kimbells major net drilling inventory by 19% in the Permian Basin. Kimbell estimates that, upon completion of the Acquisition,
Kimbell will have approximately 158,350 net royalty acres, 130,238 gross wells and a total of 92 active rigs on Kimbells properties, which
represents approximately 16% of the total active land rigs drilling in the continental United States.

Reserve engineering is a complex and subjective
process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact way, and the accuracy of any
reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. As a result,
estimates prepared by one engineer may vary from those prepared by another. Estimates of proved reserves for Kimbells oil and gas
properties as of December 31, 2024 will be prepared by Ryder Scott Company, L.P. using the information available at that time, and
estimates of proved reserves related to the Acquisition will be prepared by Ryder Scott Company, L.P. as of December 31, 2025. Upon
completion of their review, the estimate of the proved reserves for Kimbells oil and gas properties as of December 31, 2024
will be different from the estimate of the proved reserves for Kimbells oil and gas properties as of December 31, 2023, and
the estimates of proved reserves of the Acquired Assets as of December 31, 2025 will be different from Kimbells estimates
of such reserves as of December 31, 2024.

Kimbells assessment and estimates of the
assets to be acquired in the Acquisition to date has been limited. Even by the time of closing, Kimbells assessment of these assets
will not reveal all existing or potential problems, nor will it permit Kimbell to become familiar enough with the properties to assess
fully their capabilities and deficiencies. Moreover, there can be no assurance that Kimbell and Kimbell Royalty Operating, LLC, a Delaware
Limited Liability Company (OpCo) will consummate the Acquisition on the terms described in Item 1.01 of this Current Report
on Form 8-K or at all. Even if Kimbell and OpCo consummate the Acquisition, they may not be able to achieve the expected benefits
of the Acquisition.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

As previously reported, in September 2023
Kimbell completed the acquisition of Cherry Creek Minerals, LLC in a transaction described as the LongPoint Acquisition.
In addition, in September 2023, Kimbell timely filed on a Form 8-K the historical and pro forma financial statements required
by Regulation S-X in connection with the LongPoint Acquisition. Kimbell is now filing additional unaudited pro forma financial statements
described below pursuant to Article 11 of Regulation S-X. The pro forma financial statements described below do not include any
information related to the Boren Acquisition described in Item 1.01 above.

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.

Unaudited pro forma condensed statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2023.

***

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain information contained in this Current
Report on Form 8-K and in the exhibits hereto includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which include
statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition, reserves, production and other operational data with respect to the
Acquisition, the expected timing of the closing of the Acquisition, the financing of the Acquisition, involve risks and uncertainties,
including risks that the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition are not realized; risks relating to Kimbells integration of the
Acquired Assets; risks relating to the possibility that the Acquisition does not close when expected or at all because any conditions
to the closing are not satisfied on a timely basis or at all; and risks relating to Kimbells business, prospects for growth and
acquisitions and the securities markets generally. Except as required by law, Kimbell undertakes no obligation and does not intend to
update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after this Current Report on Form 8-K is filed.
When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in Kimbells
filings with the SEC. These include risks inherent in oil and natural gas drilling and production activities, including risks with respect
to low or declining prices for oil and natural gas that could result in downward revisions to the value of proved reserves or otherwise
cause operators to delay or suspend planned drilling and completion operations or reduce production levels, which would adversely impact
cash flow; risks relating to the impairment of oil and natural gas properties; risks relating to the availability of capital to fund
drilling operations that can be adversely affected by adverse drilling results, production declines and declines in oil and natural gas
prices; risks relating to Kimbells ability to meet financial covenants under its credit agreement or its ability to obtain amendments
or waivers to effect such compliance; risks relating to Kimbells hedging activities; risks of fire, explosion, blowouts, pipe
failure, casing collapse, unusual or unexpected formation pressures, environmental hazards, and other operating and production risks,
which may temporarily or permanently reduce production or cause initial production or test results to not be indicative of future well
performance or delay the timing of sales or completion of drilling operations; risks relating to delays in receipt of drilling permits;
risks relating to unexpected adverse developments in the status of properties; risks relating to borrowing base redeterminations by Kimbells
lenders; risks relating to the absence or delay in receipt of government approvals or third-party consents; risks relating to acquisitions,
dispositions and drop downs of assets; risks relating to Kimbells ability to realize the anticipated benefits from and to integrate
acquired assets, including the Acquired Company; and other risks described in Kimbells Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended,
and other filings with the SEC, available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

(d) Exhibits

Number Description

10.1* Purchase and Sale Agreement,
dated as of January 7, 2025, by and between Boren Minerals and Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP.

99.1 News release issued by
Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, dated January 7, 2025.

99.2 Unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to LongPoint Acquisition.

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* The schedules and exhibits to this agreement
have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant will furnish supplementally a copy of each such schedule
or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP

By: Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC,

its general partner

By: /s/ Matthew S. Daly

Matthew S. Daly

Chief Operating Officer 

Date: January 7, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm251962d3_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION
VERSION

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

by and among

BOREN MINERALS,

as Seller

and

KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP,

and

KIMBELL ROYALTY OPERATING, LLC,

as Buyer

Dated as of January 7, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Article 1 Definitions and Rules of Construction 1

1.1 Definitions 1

1.2 Rules of Construction 18

Article 2 Purchase and Sale; Closing 18

2.1 Purchase and
Sale of Assets 18

2.2 Purchase Price 18

2.3 Deposit 19

2.4 Adjustments 19

2.5 Closing Statement 20

2.6 Closing 20

2.7 Closing Obligations 21

2.8 Post-Closing
Adjustment. 22

2.9 Intended Tax
Treatment; Purchase Price Allocation 24

2.10 Allocation of Revenues
and Other Payments 25

2.11 Withholding 25

Article 3 Representations and Warranties Relating to Seller 26

3.1 Existence
and Qualification 26

3.2 Power; Authorization
and Enforceability 26

3.3 No Conflicts 27

3.4 Litigation 27

3.5 Taxes 27

3.6 Contracts 28

3.7 Environmental
Matters 29

3.8 Compliance
with Laws 29

3.9 Consents and
Preferential Rights 30

3.10 Brokers Fees 30

3.11 No Cost-Bearing Interests 30

3.12 Bankruptcy 30

3.13 Financial Statements 30

3.14 Pre-Signing Due Diligence 30

3.15 Securities Law Compliance 31

Article 4 Representations and Warranties Relating to Buyer 31

4.1 Organization
of Buyer 31

4.2 Power, Authorization
and Enforceability 32

4.3 No Conflict;
Consents 32

4.4 Litigation 32

4.5 Brokers
Fees 32

4.6 Bankruptcy 32

4.7 Financing 32

4.8 Securities
Law Compliance 32

4.9 Capitalization 33

4.10 No Integration 34

4.11 No Stabilization 34

4.12 Financial Statements 34

4.13 Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 34

4.14 Controls and Procedures;
Listing 35

4.15 No Unitholder Approval 35

4.16 Contracts 35

4.17 Absence of Certain Changes 35

4.18 Taxes 35

4.19 Environmental Matters 35

4.20 Form S-3 Eligibility 36

4.21 Sarbanes-Oxley 36

4.22 Investment Company Status 36

4.23 Distribution Restrictions 36

4.24 Exemptions from Securities
Laws 37

4.25 Buyers Independent
Investigation 37

4.26 Limitations 39

Article 5 Covenants 40

5.1 Conduct of
Business 40

5.2 Records 42

5.3 Further Assurances 42

5.4 Escrow Account 43

5.5 Fees and Expenses 43

5.6 Access 43

5.7 Confidentiality 43

5.8 Notices to
Escrow Agent and Transfer Agent 44

5.9 No Shop 44

5.10 Additional Listing Application 45

Article 6 Tax Matters 45

6.1 Responsibility
for Filing Tax Returns and Paying Asset Taxes 45

6.2 Asset Taxes 45

6.3 Transfer Taxes 46

6.4 Cooperation 47

6.5 Refunds 47

6.6 Tax Contests 47

Article 7 Conditions to Closing 48

7.1 Conditions
to Obligations of Buyer to Closing 48

7.2 Conditions
to Obligations of Seller to Closing 49

7.3 Satisfaction
of Closing Conditions 49

Article 8 Termination 50

8.1 Termination 50

8.2 Effect of
Termination 51

8.3 Specific Performance 52

Article 9 Assumed Obligations; Indemnification 53

9.1 Assumed Obligations 53

9.2 Sellers
Indemnification 53

9.3 Buyers
Indemnification 53

9.4 Indemnification
Procedures 54

9.5 Certain Limitations
on Indemnity Obligations 56

9.6 Express Negligence 59

9.7 Survival 60

9.8 Waiver of
Right to Rescission 60

9.9 Amendment
or Dissolution of Seller 60

Article 10 Other Provisions 61

10.1 Notices 61

10.2 Assignment 62

10.3 Rights of Third Parties 62

10.4 Counterparts 63

10.5 Entire Agreement 63

10.6 Disclosure Schedule 63

10.7 Amendments; Waiver 64

10.8 Publicity 64

10.9 Severability 65

10.10 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury
Waiver 65

10.11 Waiver of Special Damages 66

10.12 Time 66

10.13 No Recourse 67

10.14 Relationship of Buyers 67

Exhibit A-1 to Purchase and Sale Agreement 71

Exhibit A-2 to Purchase and Sale Agreement 72

EXHIBIT B to Purchase and Sale Agreement 73

Exhibit C to Purchase and Sale Agreement 74

EXHIBIT D to Purchase and Sale Agreement 75

EXHIBIT E to Purchase and Sale Agreement 76

LIST
OF Exhibits and DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES

Exhibits:

Exhibit A-1 Fee Minerals

Exhibit A-2 Wells

Exhibit B Assignment

Exhibit C Form of Letter-in-Lieu

Exhibit D KRP Common Units

Exhibit E Registration Rights Agreement

Disclosure
Schedules:

Schedule 1.1 Excluded Disputed Interests

Schedule 3.4 Litigation

Schedule 3.5 Taxes

Schedule 3.6(a) Material Contracts

Schedule 3.9 Consents

Schedule 3.14(a) Asset Statements

Schedule 4.3 No Conflicts; Consents

Schedule 4.9(b) Capitalization

Schedule 4.17 Absence of Certain Changes

Schedule 4.23 Distribution Restrictions

Schedule 5.1(b) Permitted Activities Seller

Schedule 5.2(d) Permitted Activities Buyer

PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT

This PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (this
Agreement), dated as of January 7, 2025 (the Execution Date), is by and among Boren
Minerals, a Saskatchewan partnership (Seller), KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP, a Delaware limited
partnership (KRP), and KIMBELL ROYALTY OPERATING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Opco
and together with KRP, Buyer). Each of Seller, KRP and Opco is sometimes referred to in this Agreement individually
as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

Recitals:

WHEREAS:

A. Seller
owns certain rights, title and interests in and to certain mineral interests, overriding
royalty interests, royalty interests and non-participating royalty interests in oil, gas,
and other minerals underlying certain lands located in the Texas Counties of Martin and Andrews;
and

B. Seller
desires to sell to Opco, and Opco desires to purchase from Seller, the Conveyed Assets (as
defined below), on and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

Article 1

Definitions and Rules of Construction

1.1 Definitions.
As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Additional
Listing Application has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10.

Adjustment
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a Person, any other Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such Person. As used in this definition, the word control (and the words controlled
by and under common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Allocation
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9(b).

Asset
Taxes means any ad valorem, property, excise, severance, production, sales, use, and similar Taxes based upon the acquisition,
operation or ownership of the Conveyed Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons therefrom or the receipt of proceeds therefrom, but excluding,
for the avoidance of doubt, (a) Income Taxes and (b) Transfer Taxes.

Assignment
means the assignment and conveyance from Seller to Buyer, substantially in the form of Exhibit B, with respect to
the Conveyed Assets.

Assumed
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

Base
Common Unit Consideration has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c).

Base
Option Cash Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Base
Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).

Boren
Partners means any Person that is a partner of the Seller, including Ruth Boren, Connie Arndt, Robert Darren Boren, Deborah
Boren, Robert Dale Boren Family Trust, Connie Arndt Trust, Robert Darren Boren Trust, Deborah Boren Trust and any Person that becomes
a partner of the Seller following the date hereof.

Business
Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday in the State of Texas and that is not otherwise a federal
holiday in the United States.

Buyer
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, means KRP and Opco together.

Buyer
Assets means the assets, rights and interests owned by Buyer, but excluding the Conveyed Assets.

Buyer
Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5(d).

Buyer
Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 4.23.

Buyer
Entitlements has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a).

Buyer
Equity Option has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Buyer
Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

Buyer
Material Adverse Effect means any event, change, or circumstance that has a material adverse effect on (a) the business,
operation, or financial condition of Buyer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the performance of Buyers obligations
and covenants hereunder that are to be performed at Closing; provided, however, that Buyer Material Adverse Effect
shall not include material adverse effects resulting from: (i) general changes in Hydrocarbon prices; (ii) changes in condition
or developments generally applicable to the oil and gas industry in the United States or any area or areas where the assets of the Buyer
are located; (iii) economic, financial, credit, or political conditions and general changes in markets; (iv) acts of God, including
pandemics, hurricanes, and storms; (v) acts or failures to act of Governmental Authorities; (vi) civil unrest or similar disorder,
terrorist acts or any outbreak of hostilities, or war; (vii) any reclassification or recalculation of reserves in the Ordinary Course;
(viii) changes in Laws or accounting principles; (ix) effects or changes that are cured or no longer exist by the earlier of
the Closing and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 8; (x) any effect resulting from any action taken
by Seller or any Affiliate of Seller, other than those expressly permitted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (xi) any
effect resulting from any action taken by Buyer or any Affiliate of Buyer with Sellers written consent; (xii) natural declines
in well performance; (xiii) any changes resulting from entering into this Agreement or the announcement of the transactions contemplated
hereby or the performance of the covenants set forth in Section 2.7 hereof; or (xiv) any matters, facts, or disclosures
set forth in the Disclosure Schedules.

2

Buyer
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a).

Claim
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

Class B
Units means Class B units representing limited partner interests in KRP.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.

Closing
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.

Closing
Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b)(ii).

Closing
Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

Closing
Statement Accountant has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(b).

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common
Units means common units representing limited partner interests in KRP of the same class of common limited partner interests
as is currently outstanding as of the Execution Date, with all rights, privileges and preferences applicable to such class.

Confidentiality
Agreement means that certain confidentiality agreement, dated as of October 15, 2024, by and among the Seller and Kimbell
Royalty Group, LLC.

Consent
means any consent, approval, authorizations, or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Authorities or any other
Person which are required to be obtained, made, or complied with, for, or in connection with, the sale, assignment, or transfer of any
Conveyed Assets in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Constituents
of Concern means any material, substance, pollutant or waste (whether solid, liquid or gaseous) as it is defined, listed or
designated as a hazardous substance, hazardous waste, special waste, petroleum or petroleum-derived substance or waste, or any constituent
or combination of any such material, substance, pollutant or waste, the storage, manufacture, generation, treatment, transportation,
release, remediation, use, handling or disposal of which is regulated by any applicable Environmental Law due to its hazardous, toxic,
dangerous or deleterious properties or characteristics.

3

Contract
means any legally binding written agreement, commitment, lease, license, or contract, but excluding any contracts, agreements, and instruments
included within the definition of Excluded Assets, any Hydrocarbon leases and/or any instruments constituting the Sellers
chain of title to the Conveyed Assets.

Contracting
Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13.

Conveyed
Assets means all of Sellers right, title, and interest in, to, and under the following, without duplication, except,
in each case, to the extent constituting Excluded Assets:

(a) all
Hydrocarbons and other fee mineral interests, including reversionary interests, in, on, under
or which may be produced from the lands described on, or described in the instruments described
on, Exhibit A-1 (collectively, the Mineral Interests);

(b) all
pooled, communitized, or unitized interests to the extent arising out of, attributable to
or allocated to all or part of any Mineral Interests (collectively, the Units,
and collectively with the Mineral Interests, the Oil and Gas Assets);

(c) all
executive rights, if any, including the right to execute leases, to the extent applicable
or arising out of the Mineral Interests;

(d) all
Hydrocarbon and/or mineral leases and Contracts to the extent binding on any of the Oil and
Gas Assets or to the extent relating to the ownership or operation of the Oil and Gas Assets
(but only to the extent applicable to the Oil and Gas Assets);

(e) all
Hydrocarbons and any other minerals in, on, under, or that may be produced from, allocated
to or attributable to the Oil and Gas Assets on or after the Effective Time and all Mineral
Proceeds attributable to production from or the ownership of the Oil and Gas Assets attributable
to periods from and after the Effective Time, but excluding any Mineral Proceeds for which
the Base Purchase Price was adjusted downwards pursuant to Section 2.4(b);

(f) to
the extent relating to the other Conveyed Assets and to the extent transferable (with consents
if applicable), all rights and interests of Seller relating to existing claims and causes
of action that may be asserted against a Third Party to the extent such rights and claims
arise from any of the Assumed Obligations; and

(g) the
right to copy all Records in Sellers possession or control; provided, however,
that Seller shall retain originals of all Records.

4

Customary
Consent means any Consent that is not required prior to, or is customarily obtained after, the assignment of any of the applicable
interests, assets, properties, or interests included in the Conveyed Assets.

Defensible
Title means record title, or title that is evidenced by legally enforceable instruments that would be successfully defended
if challenged, of Seller in and to the Mineral Interests and Wells that, as of the Closing Date and subject to and except for Permitted
Encumbrances: (a) as to each Mineral Interest listed on Exhibit A-1, entitles Seller to the number of NRAs in and to
such Mineral Interest (or portion thereof) that Seller has identified on Exhibit A-1, as holding an interest therein as set
forth therefor on Exhibit A-1, subject to any exceptions or any decreases: (i)resulting from reversion of interest to a Third
Party owner with respect to operations in which other owners elect, after the Execution Date, not to consent; (ii)resulting from the
existence, establishment or amendment of pools or units; (iii)required to allow joint owners to make up past underproduction or pipelines
to make up past under deliveries; or (iv)resulting from any exceptions as to any applicable formations or horizons or any decreases,
in each case, as expressly stated or identified in Exhibit A-1; as to each Well listed on Exhibit A-2, entitles Seller
to receive in the aggregate a Net Revenue Interest in the case of such Well that Seller have listed on Exhibit A-2, not less
than the Net Revenue Interest shown for such Well on Exhibit A-2, subject to any exceptions or any decreases (i) resulting
from reversion of interest to a Third Party owner with respect to operations in which other owners elect, after the Execution Date, not
to consent; (ii) resulting from the existence, establishment or amendment of pools or units or (iii) resulting from any exceptions
as to any applicable formations or horizons or any decreases, in each case, as expressly stated or identified in Exhibit A-2;
and (b)is free and clear of Liens.

Disclosure
Schedules means the disclosure schedules attached hereto.

Disputed
Lands is defined in the definition of Excluded Disputed Interests.

Dollars
and $ mean the lawful currency of the United States.

DRULPA
means the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended.

Due
Diligence Information has the meaning set forth in Section 4.25(b).

Effective
Time means 12:00 a.m. local time at the location of the Mineral Interests on October 1, 2024.

Environment
means ambient and indoor air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata and biological and natural resources.

Environmental
Laws means all applicable Laws of any Governmental Authority enacted and in effect on or prior to the Effective Time relating
to the protection of the Environment or otherwise relating to the emission, discharge, release or threatened release of Constituents
of Concern to the Environment or impacts of such emission, discharge or release on human health or the Environment, including such Laws
regarding the release or disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous substances or waste materials, including, without limitation, the
OPA90, CERCLA, the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the federal Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49 USC 5101 et seq.) and the legally-binding federal, state and local rules,
regulations, ordinances, orders and governmental directives implementing such statutes.

5

Escrow
Account means the escrow account created pursuant to the Escrow Agreement with respect to the Performance Deposit.

Escrow
Agent means Royal Trust Corporation of Canada.

Escrow
Agreement means an Escrow Agreement dated as of the Execution Date by and among Seller, Buyer, and Escrow Agent.

Estimated
Adjustment Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

Excluded
Assets means:

(a) the
Excluded Disputed Interests;

(b) all
right, title, and interest to the properties and assets not specifically described or included
in the definition of Conveyed Assets including all other oil, gas and other
fee mineral interest and/or other interests owned or held by the Seller in and to lands and
properties;

(c) all
rights, claims, defenses, counterclaims, causes of action, and interest in and to the Fasken
Litigation;

(d) the
Fasken Litigation Suspense Funds;

(e) subject
to Section 6.5, any and all claims of Seller for refunds of, credits attributable
to, loss carryforwards with respect to, or similar Tax assets relating to (i) Asset
Taxes attributable to any Tax period (or portion thereof) ending prior to the Effective Time,
as determined pursuant to Section 6.2, (ii) Income Taxes of Seller or its
Affiliates, (iii) Taxes attributable to the Excluded Assets, and (iv) any other
Taxes relating to the ownership or operation of the Conveyed Assets or the production of
Hydrocarbons or the receipt of proceeds therefrom that are attributable to any Tax period
(or portion thereof) ending prior to the Effective Time;

(f) all
Mineral Proceeds, trade credits, all accounts, receivables, and all other proceeds, income
or revenues attributable to (i) the Conveyed Assets for any period prior to the Effective
Time, or (ii) any other Excluded Assets (including the Fasken Litigation Suspense Funds);

6

(g) except
to the extent relating to an Assumed Obligation for which Buyer is indemnifying Seller hereunder,
all claims, rights, causes of action, counterclaims and interests of Seller or Affiliates
(i) under any policy or agreement of insurance or indemnity agreement, (ii) under
any bond or security instrument, or (iii) to any insurance or condemnation proceeds
or awards arising, in each case, from acts, omissions, or events, or damage to or destruction
of Conveyed Assets prior to the Effective Time;

(h) originals
of all Records;

(i) all
legal records and legal files of Seller, including all work product of and attorney-client
communications with Sellers legal counsel or any other documents or instruments that
may be protected by an attorney-client privilege (other than title opinions, abstracts, lease
files, title files, mineral ownership reports, runsheets, or similar information relating
to the ownership of the Mineral Interests or the Wells);

(j) all
data, correspondence, materials, documents, descriptions, and records relating to the auction,
marketing, sales negotiation, or sale of the Conveyed Assets, including the existence or
identities of any prospective inquirers, bidders, or prospective purchasers of any of the
Conveyed Assets, any bids received from and records of negotiations with any such prospective
purchasers and any analyses of such bids by any Person;

(k) all
corporate, partnership, financial, accounting, and Income Tax records (including Tax Returns)
and legal data and records that relate to any of Seller or its Affiliates businesses
generally (whether or not related to the Conveyed Assets but specifically excluding title
opinions, abstracts, lease files, title files, mineral ownership reports, runsheets, or similar
information relating to the ownership of the Mineral Interests or the Wells);

(l) all
books, records and files to the extent relating to the other Excluded Assets;

(m) all
emails and text messages of Seller and its Affiliates;

(n) any
data, software, or records to the extent disclosure or transfer is restricted, prohibited,
or subjected to payment of a fee, penalty, or other consideration by Contract or other agreement
or instrument with a Person other than Affiliates of Seller, or by applicable Law, and for
which no consent to transfer has been received or for which Buyer has not agreed in writing
to pay such fee, penalty, or other consideration, as applicable;

(o) any
obligations with respect to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of Seller; and

(p) any
reserve reports, valuations, and estimates of any quantities of Hydrocarbons or the valuation
thereof with respect to the Mineral Interests, and any pricing assumptions, forward pricing
estimates price decks, or pricing studies related thereto, in each case whether prepared
by Seller, its Affiliates, or any Third Parties.

7

Excluded
Disputed Interests shall mean an undivided nonparticipating royalty interest in and to all oil, gas and other minerals in,
to, and under or that may at any time hereinafter be produced from Sellers interests in the lands to the extent granted, sold
and conveyed under that certain instrument described on Schedule 1.1 (the Disputed Lands), in an amount equal
to the positive remainder, if any, of (a) twenty five percent (25%) minus (b) the royalty percentage reserved unto Midland
Farms Company and its successors and assigns under that certain instrument described on Schedule 1.1 (the royalty interest described
in subpart (b), the MFC Royalty); provided, however, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the
Excluded Disputed Interests shall not include, and the Conveyed Assets shall include, (i) a seventy-five percent (75%) undivided
royalty interest in and to all oil, gas and other minerals in, to, and under or that may at any time hereinafter be produced from the
Disputed Lands and (ii) all other rights, title and interest in and to the Disputed Lands, including any bonuses and/or rentals
which may be received or derived from the leasing of the Disputed Lands for oil, gas and/or other minerals; provided, further,
(A) in each case of the foregoing subpart (a), subpart (b) and subpart (i), the percentages set forth therein shall be proportionally
reduced to the extent that the undivided interests of Seller in and to the mineral estate in, on and under the Disputed Lands is less
than a one hundred percent (100%) undivided interest of the mineral estate in, on and under the Disputed Lands and (B) in no event
shall the interests included in the Conveyed Assets that are described in subpart (i) above be less than a seventy-five percent
(75%) undivided royalty interest (proportionately reduced in accordance with subpart (A) above) in and to all oil, gas and other
minerals in, to, and under or that may at any time hereinafter be produced from the Disputed Lands, it being the intent of the Parties
that if Seller owns an interest in the Disputed Lands that is equal to or less than a seventy-five percent (75%) undivided royalty interest
(proportionately reduced in accordance with subpart (A) above) in and to all oil, gas and other minerals in, to, and under or that
may at any time hereinafter be produced from the Disputed Lands, any deficiencies or reductions shall be applied to the Excluded Disputed
Interests and not the interests included in the Conveyed Assets that are described in subpart (i) above and (C) the Excluded
Disputed Interests are a royalty interest only and shall be non-participating as to any bonuses and/or rentals which may be received
or derived from the leasing of the Disputed Lands for oil, gas and/or other minerals. For the avoidance of doubt, Schedule 1.1
sets forth illustrative examples for the royalty interests constituting the Excluded Disputed Interests based on the potential ultimate
determination of the royalty interest constituting the MFC Royalty; provided, however, the interests set forth in Schedule
1.1 are for illustrative purposes only and in no event constitute a representation or warranty by Seller of any interests held by
any person or entity in any of the Disputed Lands, the Excluded Disputed Interests, the MFC Royalty or the Conveyed Assets.

Execution
Date has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Fasken
Litigation means the active and ongoing litigation known as Boren Descendants and Royalty Owners v. Fasken Oil and Ranch, Ltd.,
et al., No. 11-22-00365-CV.

8

Fasken
Litigation Suspense Funds means all funds held in suspense accounts by Third Party operators, for and on behalf of Seller,
pending the resolution of the Fasken Litigation, and which funds are attributable to the Excluded Disputed Interests.

Final
Closing Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(b).

Final
Settlement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).

Fundamental Representations
means (i) with respect to Seller, the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 3.1, Section 3.2,
Section 3.3(a), Section 3.10, and Section 3.12, and (ii) with respect to Buyer, the representations
and warranties of Buyer set forth in Section 4.1, Section 4.2, Section 4.3(a), Section 4.5,
Section 4.6, Section 4.9, Section 4.15andSection 4.20.

Fraud
means, with respect to any Party, any actual and intentional fraud in the representations and warranties of such Party set forth in Article 3
or Article 4, as applicable; provided that such actual and intentional fraud of a Party shall only be deemed to exist
if such Party had actual knowledge (as opposed to any imputed or constructive knowledge) that the representations and warranties made
in Article 3 or Article 4 (or any certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement) were actually breached when
made, with the express intention that the other Party rely thereon to such other Partys detriment. For the avoidance of doubt,
Fraud does not include (a) constructive fraud, equitable fraud or promissory fraud or (b) any fraud based on
constructive knowledge, negligent misrepresentation, recklessness or any similar theory.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles of the United States, as consistently applied.

Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, municipal, local or similar governmental authority, regulatory or administrative agency,
court or arbitral body.

Hedging
Transaction means any futures, swap, collar, put, call, floor, cap, option or other contract that is intended to benefit from,
related to or reduce or eliminate the risk of fluctuations in the price of commodities, including Hydrocarbons or securities, interest
rates, currencies or securities.

Hydrocarbons
means oil and gas and other hydrocarbons (including condensate) produced or processed in association therewith (whether or not such item
is in liquid or gaseous form), including all crude oils, condensates and natural gas liquids at atmospheric pressure and all gaseous
hydrocarbons (including wet gas, dry gas and residue gas) or any combination thereof, and any minerals produced in association therewith.

Income
Taxes means (i) all Taxes based upon, measured by, or calculated with respect to gross or net income, gross or net receipts
or profits (including franchise Taxes and any capital gains, alternative minimum, and net worth Taxes, but excluding ad valorem, property,
excise, severance, production, sales, use, real or personal property transfer or other similar Taxes); (ii) Taxes based upon, measured
by, or calculated with respect to multiple bases (including corporate franchise, doing business or occupation Taxes) if one or more of
the bases upon which such Tax may be based, measured by, or calculated with respect to is included in clause (i) above; or (iii) withholding
Taxes measured with reference to or as a substitute for any Tax included in clauses (i) or (ii) above.

9

Indebtedness
for Borrowed Money means, with respect to any Person, any obligations consisting of (a) the outstanding principal amount
of and accrued and unpaid interest on, and other payment obligations for, borrowed money, or payment obligations issued or incurred in
substitution or exchange for payment obligations for borrowed money; (b) amounts owing as deferred purchase price for property or
services, including earn-out payments; (c) payment obligations evidenced by any promissory note, bond, debenture,
mortgage or other debt instrument or debt security; (d) commitments or obligations by which such Person assures a creditor against
loss, including contingent reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit; (e) payment obligations secured by Lien,
other than a Permitted Encumbrance, on assets or properties of such Person; (f) obligations to repay deposits or other amounts advanced
by and therefore owing to Third Parties; (g) obligations under capitalized leases; (h) obligations under any interest rate,
currency, commodity or other hedging agreement or derivatives transaction, (i) guarantees, make-whole agreements, hold harmless
agreements or other similar arrangements with respect to any amounts of a type described in clauses (a) through (h) above;
and (j) any change of control payments or prepayment premiums, penalties, charges or equivalents thereof with respect to any indebtedness,
obligation or liability of a type described in clauses (a) through (i) above that are required to be paid at the time of, or
the payment of which would become due and payable solely as a result of, the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement at such time, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP; provided, however, that Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money shall not include accounts payable to trade creditors and accrued expenses arising in the Ordinary Course and shall not
include the endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the Ordinary Course.

Indemnification
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(a).

Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(a).

Indemnifying
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(a).

Indemnity
Deductible has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5(a).

Individual
Claim Threshold has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5(a).

Intended
Tax Treatment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9(a).

Interim
Period Tax Return has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

IRS
means the Internal Revenue Service of the United States.

10

Knowledge
means, (i) as to Seller, what Deborah Boren, Darren Boren, Connie Arndt, and/or Ruth Boren actually knew as of the Execution Date,
and (ii) as to Buyer what Robert Ravnaas, Davis Ravnaas, Brett Taylor and/or Matt Daly actually knew as of the Execution Date.

KRP
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Law
means any applicable statute, writ, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, Order, judgment, injunction, determination, or decree of a Governmental
Authority.

Liens
means liens, pledges, options, mortgages, encumbrances, claims, deeds of trust, or security interests that are binding on or burden the
Conveyed Assets.

Loss
or Losses means any loss, damage, notice of violation, investigation by any Governmental Authority, payment, deficiency,
injury, harm, detriment, decline or diminution in value, liability, exposure, claim, demand, Proceeding, settlement, judgment, award,
fine, penalty, Tax, fee, charge, cost or expense (including costs of attempting to avoid or in opposing the imposition thereof, interest,
penalties, costs of preparation and investigation, and the fees, disbursements and expenses of attorneys, accountants and other professional
advisors).

Materials
Delivery Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14(a).

MFC
Royalty is defined in the definition of Excluded Disputed Interests.

Mineral
Interests has the meaning set forth in the definition of Conveyed Assets.

Mineral
Proceeds means: (a) amounts earned or proceeds from or attributable to the sale of Hydrocarbons produced from or allocated
or attributable to the Conveyed Assets; and (b) any bonus payments, lease extension payments, shut in payments, and any other amounts
received, income earned or proceeds with respect to the Conveyed Assets.

Negative
Effect has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted Encumbrances.

Net
Revenue Interest means, with respect to any Mineral Interest or Well, the percentage interest in and to all production of
Hydrocarbons saved, produced, and sold from or allocated to such interests constituting such Mineral Interest or such Well with respect
to the applicable parcel or tract constituting or burdened by such Mineral Interest or such Well, after giving effect to all Third Party
Royalties that burden such Mineral Interest or Well.

Non-Fundamental
Representations means (i) with respect to Seller, all representations and warranties of Seller set forth herein (including
the corresponding representations and warranties given in the certificate delivered by Seller at Closing), and (ii) with respect
to Buyer, all representations and warranties of Buyer set forth herein (including the corresponding representations and warranties given
in the certificate delivered by Buyer at Closing), in each case excepting and excluding any and all Fundamental Representations.

11

Nonparty
Affiliates has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13.

Notice
of Disagreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(a).

Notice
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

Notices
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.

NRA
or Net Royalty Acre means, as to each parcel or tract constituting a Mineral Interest, the product of (i) the
number of surface acres of land that are described in such parcel or tract (i.e., gross acres), multiplied by (ii) the Net
Revenue Interest attributable to such Mineral Interest; multiplied by (iii) eight (provided, however, that
to the extent all or any portion of a Mineral Interest is not subject to a valid Oil and Gas Lease, with respect to those portions of
such Mineral Interests that are not subject to a valid Oil and Gas Lease, such Mineral Interest or portions thereof shall be deemed to
be subject to a valid Oil and Gas Lease providing for a lessor royalty of twenty-five percent (25%), proportionately reduced based on
Sellers undivided interest in such parcel or tract (or portions thereof)).

NYSE
Listing Approval has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(d).

Oil
and Gas Assets has the meaning set forth in the definition of Conveyed Assets.

Oil
and Gas Lease means any oil, gas and/or mineral lease that relates to or burdens the Conveyed Assets.

Opco
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Order
means any order, judgment, injunction, ruling, sentence, subpoena, writ or award issued, made, entered or rendered by any court, administrative
agency or other Governmental Authority or by any arbitrator.

Ordinary
Course means, with respect to any Person, the ordinary course of business of such Person, consistent with past practice.

Organizational
Documents means any charter, certificate of incorporation, articles of association, partnership agreements, limited liability
company agreements, bylaws, operating agreement or similar formation or governing documents and instruments.

Partnership
Agreement means the Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of KRP, dated as of September 13, 2023.

Party
and Parties have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Performance
Deposit has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.

12

Permitted
Encumbrances means any or all of the following:

(a) Liens
for Taxes or assessments: (i) not yet due or delinquent; or (ii) if delinquent,
which are disclosed on Schedule 3.5 of the Disclosure Schedules and being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings;

(b) easements,
rights-of-way, servitudes, permits, surface leases and other rights in respect of surface
operations on or over any of the Mineral Interests so long as they do not individually or
in the aggregate have a material impact on Sellers ownership of the Conveyed Assets
or reduce Sellers NRAs in a Mineral Interest below the NRA set forth in the applicable
column and row for such Mineral Interest on Exhibit A-1 or reduce Sellers Net
Revenue Interest in a Well below the Net Revenue Interest set forth in the applicable column
and row for such Well on Exhibit A-2 (as applicable, a Negative Effect);

(c) any
encumbrance, title defect, or other matter waived in writing by Buyer;

(d) all
(i) rights of first refusal, preferential purchase rights, and similar rights with respect
to the Conveyed Assets, (ii) Consents, and (iii) consent requirements, notice requirements
and similar restrictions, in each case which are not applicable to the sale of the Mineral
Interests contemplated by this Agreement, in each case, to the extent such do not have a
Negative Effect;

(e) all
rights to consent by, required notices to, filings with, or other actions by Governmental
Authorities in connection with the sale or conveyance of the Conveyed Assets or interests
therein if they are not required or customarily obtained prior to such sale or conveyance;

(f) any
Lien listed in any Disclosure Schedule;

(g) the
terms and conditions of all Oil and Gas Leases and all Contracts, as well as any other Contract
referenced in any Disclosure Schedule, in each case, to the extent such do not have a Negative
Effect;

(h) all
Third Party Royalties and other burdens if the net cumulative effect of such burdens do not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Negative Effect;

(i) defects
in the chain of title arising from the failure to recite marital status, omissions of successors
or heirship proceedings or the lack of probate proceedings unless they result in or are reasonably
likely to result in a Third Partys superior claim of title (irrespective of whether
such Third Party has made a claim therefor), in each case, to the extent such do not have
a Negative Effect;

(j) any
defects or irregularities (i) based solely on lack of information in Sellers
files, (ii) arising out of lack of corporate or other entity authorization, a scriveners
error, or a variation in corporate or entity name unless Buyer provides affirmative evidence
prior to Closing that such lack of authority, error or variation results in or is reasonably
likely to result in a Third Partys superior claim of title (irrespective of whether
such Third Party has made a claim therefor), (iii) arising out of the lack of recorded
powers of attorney from any Person to execute and deliver documents on their behalf, (iv) based
on a gap in the chain of title of the Mineral Interest, unless such gap is affirmatively
shown to exist in the county records by an abstract of title or title opinion, or (v) resulting
from lack of survey except to the extent a survey is required by applicable Law or failure
to record releases of Liens, production payments or mortgages that have expired by their
own terms or the enforcement of which are barred by applicable statutes of limitation, in
each case, to the extent such do not have a Negative Effect;

13

(k) the
terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

(l) any
actions, suits, or proceedings described on Schedule 3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules.

Person
means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, incorporated or unincorporated association, trust, joint
venture, joint stock company, Governmental Authority, or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Signing
Diligence Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14(a).

Preferential
Right means any right or agreement that enables any Person to purchase or acquire any Conveyed Asset or portion thereof as
a result of or in connection with the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

Proceeding
means any civil, criminal, investigative, administrative or other action, suit, litigation, arbitration, lawsuit, proceeding, hearing,
inquiry, investigation, enforcement action, commenced or brought, conducted or heard by or before any Governmental Authority or any arbitrator,
by any Third Party or Governmental Authority.

Proposed
Adjustments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

Proposed
Closing Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c).

Records
means electronic copies of all records, files, muniments of title, documents, data, reports, and similar documents and materials relating
to the Oil and Gas Assets or Wells in the possession or control of Seller, including, without limitation: land, title and division of
interest files (or other documents confirming the interest of Seller in each Well); contracts; check stubs, financial and accounting
and Asset Tax records (including Tax Returns in respect of Asset Taxes); and records related to the management of the Oil and Gas Assets
or Wells prior to the Closing Date, in each case, save and except and excluding all Excluded Assets.

Registration
Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(a)(vii).

14

Representatives
means a Persons directors, officers, partners (with respect to Seller, specifically including all Boren Partners), members, managers,
trustees, employees, agents, or advisors (including attorneys, accountants, consultants, bankers, financial advisors, and any representatives
of those advisors).

Required
Consent means a Consent requirement that would be triggered by the purchase and sale of a Conveyed Asset as contemplated by
this Agreement and expressly provides that transfer of such Conveyed Asset without such consent will (or, upon election of a counterparty
may) result in (a) termination of the owners existing rights in relation to such Conveyed Asset, or (b) the transfer
being null and void as to such Conveyed Asset; provided, that Customary Consents shall not constitute a Required Consent.

SEC
Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 5.8.

Seller
has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.

Seller
Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5(c).

Seller
Entitlements has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a).

Seller
Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.

Seller
Material Adverse Effect means any event, change, or circumstance that has a material adverse effect on (a) the ownership,
operation, or financial condition of the Conveyed Assets as currently operated as of the Execution Date or (b) the performance of
Sellers obligations and covenants hereunder that are to be performed at Closing; provided, however, that Seller
Material Adverse Effect shall not include material adverse effects resulting from: (i) general changes in Hydrocarbon prices;
(ii) changes in condition or developments generally applicable to the oil and gas industry in the United States or any area or areas
where the Conveyed Assets are located; (iii) economic, financial, credit, or political conditions and general changes in markets;
(iv) acts of God, including pandemics, hurricanes, and storms; (v) acts or failures to act of Governmental Authorities; (vi) civil
unrest or similar disorder, terrorist acts or any outbreak of hostilities, or war; (vii) any reclassification or recalculation of
reserves in the Ordinary Course; (viii) changes in Laws or accounting principles; (ix) effects or changes that are cured or
no longer exist by the earlier of the Closing and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 8; (x) any effect
resulting from any action taken by Buyer or any Affiliate of Buyer, other than those expressly permitted in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement; (xi) any effect resulting from any action taken by Seller or any Affiliate of Seller with Buyers written
consent; (xii) natural declines in well performance; (xiii) any changes resulting from entering into this Agreement or the
announcement of the transactions contemplated hereby or the performance of the covenants set forth in Section 2.7 hereof;
or (xiv) any matters, facts, or disclosures set forth in the Disclosure Schedules.

Seller
Material Contract has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(a).

Seller
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a).

15

Seller
Taxes means (a) all Income Taxes imposed on or with respect to Seller or any of its direct or indirect owners or Affiliates,
or any combined, unitary or consolidated group of which any of the foregoing is or was a member pursuant to any applicable Law; (b) any
Asset Taxes allocable to Seller pursuant to Section 6.2 (excluding such Asset Taxes effectively borne by Seller as a result
of (i) adjustments to the Purchase Price made pursuant to Section 2.4, Section 2.5 or Section 2.8,
as applicable, and (ii) any payments made from one Party to another in respect of Asset Taxes pursuant to Section 6.2(c));
(c) all Taxes imposed on or with respect to the ownership or operation of the Excluded Assets or that are attributable to any asset
or business of Seller that is not part of the Conveyed Assets; and (d) any other Taxes (other than Asset Taxes and any other Taxes
described in clauses (a) or (c) of this definition) imposed on or with respect to the acquisition, ownership, or operation
of the Conveyed Assets or the production of Hydrocarbons or the receipt of proceeds therefrom that are attributable to any Tax period
(or portion of any Straddle Period) ending prior to the Effective Time.

Special
Warranty is defined in the Assignment.

Specified
Obligations means all obligations, liabilities and Losses, to the extent related or attributable to any of the following:

(a) the
Fasken Litigation, and any other item set forth on Schedule 3.4 of the Disclosure
Schedules or that should have been set forth on Schedule 3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules;

(b) any
of the Excluded Assets;

(c) any
Liens incurred or created by, through or under Seller, any of the Boren Partners, or any
of its and/or their respective Affiliates, to the extent such Liens burden the Conveyed Assets
after Closing;

(d) any
required deductions or downward adjustments to revenue with respect to Mineral Proceeds attributable
to the Conveyed Assets after the Effective Time as a result of overpayments of Mineral Proceeds
made to Seller prior to the Effective Time;

(e) the
employment of employees or provision of any compensation or benefits therefor by Seller or
any of its Affiliates; and/or

(f) Seller
Taxes.

Straddle
Period means any Tax period beginning before and ending after the Effective Time.

Target
Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.

Tax
Contest has the meaning set forth in Section 6.6.

16

Tax
Return means any report, return, estimated tax filing, declaration, claim for refund, information returns or other document
relating to Taxes filed or required to be filed with any Governmental Authority with respect to Taxes, including any schedules or attachments
thereto and any amendment thereof.

Taxes
means (a) all taxes, assessments, levies, duties, imposts and other similar charges in the nature of a tax imposed by a Governmental
Authority, including all income, franchise, profits, margin, capital gains, capital stock, gross receipts, sales, use, transfer, service,
occupation, ad valorem, real or personal property, excise, severance, windfall profits, customs, premium, stamp, license, payroll, employment,
social security, unemployment, disability, environmental, alternative minimum, add-on, value-added and withholding taxes, including any
interest, fine, penalty or addition to tax imposed by a Governmental Authority with respect to any of the foregoing, and (b) any
liability for any item described in clause (a) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, aggregated, combined, consolidated,
unitary or similar group (including pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 or any analogous or similar provision of state,
local, or non-U.S. Law), as a transferee or successor, as a result of assumption, an express or implied obligation to indemnify any Person
or any obligation under any contract or other agreement or arrangement, by operation of Law or otherwise.

Third
Party means any Person other than a Party or an Affiliate of a Party.

Third
Party Acquisition has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(c).

Third
Party Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4(b).

Third
Party Royalties means all royalties, overriding royalties, reversionary interests, net profit interests, production payments,
carried interests, non-participating royalty interests and other royalty burdens and other similar interests payable out of production
of Hydrocarbons from or allocated to the Mineral Interests or the Wells or the proceeds thereof (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt,
any Taxes) to any Person other than Seller, Buyer, or any Affiliate of Buyer.

Transaction
Documents has the meaning set forth in Section 10.5.

Transfer
Agent means Equinity Trust Company LLC, or any successor transfer agent for KRP.

Transfer
Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

Treasury
Regulations means the final or temporary regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury under the Code.

Units
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Conveyed Assets.

Well
or Wells means any and all Hydrocarbons wells described on Exhibit A-2.

17

1.2 Rules of
Construction. All article, section, schedule and exhibit references used in this Agreement
are to articles and sections of, and schedules and exhibits to, this Agreement unless otherwise
specified. The schedules and exhibits attached to this Agreement constitute a part of this
Agreement and are incorporated herein for all purposes. If a term is defined as one part
of speech (such as a noun), it shall have a corresponding meaning when used as another part
of speech (such as a verb). Terms defined in the singular have the corresponding meanings
in the plural, and vice versa. Unless the context of this Agreement clearly requires
otherwise, words importing the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neutral genders
and vice versa. The term includes or including
shall mean including without limitation. The words hereof, hereto,
hereby, herein, hereunder and words of similar
import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to
any particular section or article in which such words appear. The Parties acknowledge that
each Party and its attorney have reviewed this Agreement and that any rule of construction
to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party, or any
similar rule operating against the drafter of an agreement, shall not be applicable
to the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. The captions in this Agreement are
for convenience only and shall not be considered a part of or affect the construction or
interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. References to any agreement or other document
or instrument are to such agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified, superseded,
supplemented and restated now or from time to time after the Execution Date, unless otherwise
specified. All references to currency herein shall be to, and all payments required hereunder
shall be paid in, Dollars. Any financial or accounting term that is not otherwise defined
in this Agreement shall have the meaning given such term under GAAP.

Article 2

Purchase and Sale; Closing

2.1 Purchase
and Sale of Assets. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
at the Closing, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer and convey to Opco, and Opco shall purchase
and acquire, the Conveyed Assets.

2.2 Purchase
Price.

(a) In consideration for the purchase of the
Conveyed Assets, subject to Section 2.2(b), Opco agrees to pay an aggregate amount
equal to $230,401,490 (the Base Purchase Price).

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in Section 2.2(a), Opco shall have the option (the Buyer Equity Option)
to pay a portion of the Base Purchase Price at Closing in the form of Common Units, in which
case the Base Purchase Price shall consist of (i) a cash amount equal to $207,200,745
(the Base Option Cash Purchase Price) and (ii) 1,433,915 Common
Units (the Base Common Unit Consideration). In the event that Opco elects
to exercise the Buyer Equity Option, Opco shall provide prior to the Closing Date written
notice to Seller, as promptly as practicable after the Execution Date (but subject to Section 5.10),
of such election.

18

(c) The Base Purchase Price (or, in the case
that Buyer elects to exercise the Buyer Equity Option, the Base Option Cash Purchase Price)
shall be adjusted by the Adjustment Amount as provided in Section 2.4 (such amount
as so adjusted, the Purchase Price).

(d) The Parties agree that, for purposes of
calculating the number of Common Units comprising the Base Common Unit Consideration in Section 2.2(b),
if applicable, the Common Units were valued at the amount set forth on Exhibit D.
The number of Common Units that may be issued to the Seller hereunder shall be equitably
adjusted in the event of a unit split, combination, reclassification, recapitalization, exchange,
unit dividend, dividends on Common Units payable in cash or other distribution payable in
Common Units that occurs, or for which a record date occurs, after the Execution Date and
prior to the Closing.

2.3 Deposit.
No later than the later of one (1) Business Day after (a) the Execution Date and
(b) the date the Escrow Account is opened, Buyer shall deliver to the Escrow Agent by
wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the Escrow Agreement, an
amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the Base Purchase Price (such amount, together with
any interest or earnings thereon, the Performance Deposit). If this
Agreement is terminated without a Closing, then the Parties shall jointly instruct the Escrow
Agent to distribute the Performance Deposit to Buyer or Seller as provided in Section 8.2.
In the event that Closing occurs, on the Closing Date the entirety of the Performance Deposit
shall be applied toward Buyers obligation to pay the Purchase Price in accordance
with Section 2.2.

2.4 Adjustments.
The Base Purchase Price (or, in the case that Buyer elects to exercise the Buyer Equity Option,
the Base Option Cash Purchase Price) shall be adjusted as follows, without duplication:

(a) increased by an amount equal to the aggregate
amount of all Mineral Proceeds received by the Buyer to the extent such amounts are (i) earned
or attributable to periods prior to the Effective Time and (ii) not otherwise delivered
or turned over to the Seller;

(b) decreased by an amount equal to the aggregate
amount of all Mineral Proceeds received by Seller to the extent such amounts are (i) earned
or attributable to periods from and after the Effective Time and (ii) not otherwise
delivered or turned over to Buyer;

(c) increased by an amount of any Buyer Obligations
paid or otherwise borne by Seller;

(d) decreased by an amount of any Seller Obligations
paid or otherwise borne by Buyer;

19

(e) increased by the amount of all Asset Taxes
allocable to Buyer in accordance with Section 6.2, but paid or otherwise economically
borne by Seller or any of its Affiliates;

(f) decreased by the amount of all Asset Taxes
allocable to Seller in accordance with Section 6.2, but paid or otherwise economically
borne by Buyer or any of its Affiliates; and

(g) increased or decreased, as applicable,
by any other amount expressly provided for elsewhere in this Agreement or expressly agreed
upon in writing by Seller and Buyer.

The aggregate sum of the adjustments
provided in Section 2.4(a) through (g) is referred to herein as the Adjustment Amount,
which may be a positive or negative number.

2.5 Closing
Statement. Not later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, Seller
shall prepare in good faith and deliver to Buyer a statement (the Proposed Closing
Statement) setting forth each proposed adjustment to the Base Purchase Price required
under this Agreement, together with reasonable supporting documentation for the adjustments
set forth therein, and showing the calculation of the Adjustment Amount (using actual numbers
and amounts where available, and using a good faith estimate of other amounts, where actual
amounts are not available) (such amount, the Estimated Adjustment Amount)
and such resulting Purchase Price as proposed by Seller. Buyer shall have three (3) Business
Days following receipt of the Proposed Closing Statement to give notice to Seller of any
proposed adjustments to the Proposed Closing Statement (Proposed Adjustments)
which shall specify in reasonable detail the Dollar amount, nature and basis of any such
Proposed Adjustments. If Buyer timely delivers the Proposed Adjustments to Seller, Seller
and Buyer shall negotiate in good faith to determine which, if any, and the extent to which
Proposed Adjustments shall be made to the Proposed Closing Statement. If Buyer and Seller
agree upon which, if any, and the extent to which Proposed Adjustments shall be made to the
Proposed Closing Statement, on or before the Closing, the agreed Proposed Closing Statement
as mutually adjusted shall be the Closing Statement. If Buyer fails
to provide the Proposed Adjustments within such three (3) Business Day period, or if
Buyer and Seller are unable to agree upon which, if any, and the extent to which Proposed
Adjustments shall be made to the Proposed Closing Statement, the Parties shall proceed to
the Closing and the amount of any such adjustment set forth in the Proposed Closing Statement
as prepared by Seller will be used in the Closing Statement to adjust the Purchase Price
at Closing, subject to Section 2.8. Any final adjustments to the Purchase Price,
if necessary, will be made pursuant to Section 2.8.

2.6 Closing.
Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the closing of the sale and transfer of the Conveyed
Assets to Buyer as contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall
take place by way of an exchange of documents, effective as at the Closing Date, and shall
be effected remotely and simultaneously at the offices of the Sellers attorneys and
the Buyers attorneys, on January 17, 2025 (such date, the Target Closing
Date). The date on which Closing occurs is referred to herein as the Closing
Date. All actions to be taken and all documents and instruments to be executed
and delivered at Closing shall be deemed to have been taken, executed and delivered simultaneously
and, except as permitted hereunder, no actions shall be deemed taken nor any document and
instruments executed or delivered until all actions have been taken and all documents and
instruments have been executed and delivered. It is understood that deliveries with respect
to documents, funds and securities shall be made where applicable by courier, electronically
(including wire transfer of funds), email, facsimile and by solicitor trust condition and/or
undertaking and shall be respectively held in escrow until the transaction contemplated herein
is completed or otherwise terminated.

20

2.7 Closing
Obligations. At the Closing:

(a) Seller shall deliver (and execute and
acknowledge, as appropriate), or cause to be delivered (and executed and acknowledged, as
appropriate), to Buyer:

(i) an executed counterpart of the Closing Statement;

(ii) executed counterparts of the Assignment,
containing a Special Warranty to the Conveyed Assets conveyed thereby, in the appropriate
numbers for recording in the real property records of the counties where the Conveyed Assets
are located;

(iii) executed and acknowledged recordable releases
in a form reasonably acceptable to Buyer, in sufficient counterparts for recording in all
applicable jurisdictions, of Liens, to the extent, securing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money
of Seller or its Affiliates, if any, and burdening the Conveyed Assets;

(iv) a certificate executed by a partner of
Seller, certifying on behalf of Seller that the conditions to Closing set forth in Section 7.1(a) have
been fulfilled;

(v) a valid, properly completed and duly executed
applicable IRS Form W-8 of Seller (or its regarded owner if Seller is disregarded as
separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes);

(vi) Letters-in-lieu of transfer orders with
respect to the Conveyed Assets duly executed by such Seller in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit C;

(vii) if the Buyer Equity Option is exercised,
the Registration Rights Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E
(the Registration Rights Agreement) duly executed by Seller or its
designees (which designee(s) shall be limited to one or more individuals or trusts listed
in the definition of Boren Partners as of the date of this Agreement); and

(viii) such other documents or other agreements
provided for herein or that are necessary to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby
as Buyer may reasonably request.

21

(b) Buyer shall deliver (and execute and acknowledge,
as appropriate) to Seller, its designees or the Escrow Agent, as applicable:

(i) an executed counterpart of the Closing Statement;

(ii) the Base Purchase Price (or, if Buyer elects
to exercise the Buyer Equity Option, the Base Option Cash Purchase Price), plus or minus
(as applicable) the Estimated Adjustment Amount, less the Performance Deposit,
in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account designated by Seller
no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing (such amount, the Closing
Payment);

(iii) if Buyer elects to exercise the Buyer
Equity Option, a number of Common Units equal to the Base Common Unit Consideration, which
Common Units shall bear the standard Securities Act legend applied to Common Units on the
books and records of the Transfer Agent;

(iv) executed counterparts of the Assignment,
containing a Special Warranty to the Conveyed Assets conveyed thereby, in the appropriate
number for recording in the real property records of the counties where the Conveyed Assets
are located;

(v) a certificate executed by an officer of
Buyer, certifying on behalf of Buyer that the conditions to Closing set forth in Section 7.2(a) have
been fulfilled;

(vi) Letters-in-lieu of transfer orders with
respect to the Mineral Interests duly executed by the Buyer in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit C;

(i) if
the Buyer Equity Option is exercised, the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by
an officer of Buyer; and

(vii) such other documents or other agreements
provided for herein or that are necessary to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby
as Seller may reasonably request.

2.8 Post-Closing
Adjustment.

(a) Revised Closing Statement; Dispute
Notices. On or before the date that is ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, Seller
shall prepare and deliver to Buyer a revised Closing Statement setting forth the final Adjustment
Amount as of the Closing Date, together with reasonable supporting documentation for the
adjustments set forth therein. Buyer shall provide to Seller such data and information as
Seller may reasonably request in connection with the calculation of the amounts reflected
on the revised Closing Statement. The revised Closing Statement shall, without limiting the
application of Section 6.2(c), become final and binding upon the Parties on the
date (the Final Settlement Date) that is thirty (30) days following
receipt thereof by Buyer, unless Buyer gives notice of its disagreement (Notice
of Disagreement) to Seller prior to such date. The Notice of Disagreement may
include, as applicable, any Proposed Adjustment not resolved pursuant to Section 2.5.
Any Notice of Disagreement shall specify in reasonable detail the Dollar amount, nature and
basis of any disagreement so asserted. If a Notice of Disagreement is received by Seller
before the Final Settlement Date, then the Closing Statement (as revised in accordance with
Section 2.8(b)) shall, without limiting the application of Section 6.2(c),
become final and binding on the Parties on, and the Final Settlement Date shall be, the earlier
of (x) the date upon which Seller and Buyer agree in writing with respect to all matters
specified in the Notice of Disagreement or (y) the date upon which the Closing Statement
Accountant renders a decision in accordance with Section 2.8(b).

22

(b) Dispute Resolution; Final Closing Statement.
During the fifteen (15) days following the date upon which Seller receives a Notice of Disagreement,
Seller and Buyer shall in good faith attempt to resolve in writing any differences that they
may have with respect to all matters specified in the Notice of Disagreement. If at the end
of such fifteen (15) day period (or earlier by mutual agreement), Buyer and Seller have not
reached agreement on such matters, the matters that remain in dispute (and only such matters)
shall promptly be submitted to BDO USA, LLP, or if BDO USA, LLP declines to act in such capacity,
to another nationally recognized firm of independent accountants that does not have a material
relationship with either Party (or either Partys Affiliates) and that is reasonably
acceptable to Seller and Buyer (the Closing Statement Accountant) for
review and final and binding resolution. If the proposed Closing Statement Accountant is
unable or unwilling to serve as provided herein, then Seller and Buyer shall, in good faith,
mutually agree upon an alternative independent national accounting firm to serve as the Closing
Statement Accountant. Buyer and Seller shall, not later than seven (7) days prior to
the hearing date set by the Closing Statement Accountant, each submit a written brief to
the Closing Statement Accountant (and a copy thereof to the other Party on the same day)
with Dollar figures for settlement of the disputes as to the amount of the final Adjustment
Amount (together with a proposed Closing Statement that reflects such figures) consistent
with their respective calculations reflected in the revised Closing Statement and Notice
of Disagreement, as applicable. The hearing will be scheduled as promptly as practicable
following submission of the settlement briefs and shall be conducted in English on a confidential
basis. The Closing Statement Accountant shall consider only those items or amounts in the
Closing Statement which were identified in the Notice of Disagreement and which remain in
dispute and the Closing Statement Accountants decision resolving the matters in dispute
shall be based upon and be consistent with the terms and conditions in this Agreement, and
not on the basis of independent review. In deciding any matter, the Closing Statement Accountant:
(i) shall be bound by the provisions of this Section 2.8 and the related
definitions and (ii) shall choose either Sellers position or Buyers position
with respect to each matter addressed in a Notice of Disagreement. The Closing Statement
Accountant shall render a decision resolving the matters in dispute (which decision shall
include a written statement of findings and conclusions) promptly after the conclusion of
the hearing, unless the Parties reach agreement prior thereto and withdraw the dispute from
the Closing Statement Accountant. The Closing Statement Accountant shall provide to the Parties
explanations in writing of the reasons for its decisions regarding the final Adjustment Amount
and shall issue the Final Closing Statement reflecting such decision. The decision of the
Closing Statement Accountant, other than with respect to any clear and manifest mathematical
errors, shall, without limiting the application of Section 6.2(c), be final and
binding on the Parties and non-appealable for all purposes hereunder. The cost of any arbitration
(including the fees and expenses of the Closing Statement Accountant) under this Section 2.8(b),
but excluding each Partys costs in preparing its arguments and submissions to the
Closing Statement Accountant, shall be paid by and apportioned between Buyer and Seller based
on the aggregate Dollar amount in dispute and the relative inverse of a Partys recovery
as determined by the Closing Statement Accountant (e.g., if Buyer is awarded seventy
percent (70%) of the value in dispute, then Buyer shall be responsible for paying thirty
percent (30%) of such cost, and Seller shall be responsible for paying seventy percent (70%)
of such cost). The fees and disbursements of Sellers independent auditors and other
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the services performed with respect to the
Closing Statement shall be borne by Seller and the fees and disbursements of Buyers
independent auditors and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with their preparation
of the Notice of Disagreement shall be borne by Buyer. As used in this Agreement, the term
Final Closing Statement shall mean the revised Closing Statement described
in Section 2.8(a), as prepared by Seller and as may be subsequently adjusted
to reflect any subsequent written agreement between the Parties with respect thereto, or
if submitted to the Closing Statement Accountant, as determined thereby in accordance with
this Section 2.8(b).

23

(c) Final Settlement. If the final
Adjustment Amount, as set forth on the Final Closing Statement, exceeds the amount of the
Estimated Adjustment Amount included in the calculation of the Closing Payment pursuant to
Section 2.7(b)(ii), then, within three (3) Business Days after the Final
Settlement Date, Buyer shall pay to Seller by wire transfer of immediately available funds,
to an account(s) designated in writing by Seller, the aggregate amount by which such
final Adjustment Amount exceeds the Estimated Adjustment Amount. If the final Adjustment
Amount, as set forth on the Final Closing Statement, is less than the Estimated Adjustment
Amount included in the calculation of the Closing Payment pursuant to Section 2.7(b)(ii),
then within three (3) Business Days after the Final Settlement Date, Seller shall deliver
to Buyer by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to an account designated in writing
by Buyer, the aggregate amount by which such final Adjustment Amount is less than the Estimated
Adjustment Amount.

2.9 Intended
Tax Treatment; Purchase Price Allocation.

(a) For U.S. federal (and applicable state,
local and non-U.S.) income tax purposes, each Party agrees that Seller shall be treated as
transferring the Conveyed Assets to Opco in a fully taxable transaction and that, to the
extent Common Units are delivered to Seller as partial consideration for the Conveyed Assets,
in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.1032-3(b)(1), immediately before transferring
such Common Units to Seller, Opco shall be treated as purchasing such Common Units from KRP
for their fair market value with cash deemed contributed to Opco by KRP (the Intended
Tax Treatment). Unless otherwise required by a final determination
within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code (or any analogous or similar
provision of any state, local or non-U.S. Law), the Parties agree not to, and shall cause
their respective Affiliates not to, file any Tax Returns or otherwise take any position for
Tax purposes inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment and to cooperate with each other
to make any filings, statements or reports required to effect, disclose or report the Intended
Tax Treatment.

(b) Opco and Seller shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to agree to an allocation of the Purchase Price (and any other amounts
constituting consideration for U.S. federal income tax purposes) among the six categories
of assets specified in Part II of IRS Form 8594 (Asset Acquisition Statement Under
Section 1060), in accordance with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder (the Allocation), within sixty (60) days after
the Final Settlement Date. If Seller and Opco are unable to agree to the Allocation within
such sixty (60) day period, the Parties shall request that the Closing Statement Accountant
make a decision solely with respect to the matters that are the subject of the disagreement
in respect of the Allocation in accordance with the procedures of Section 2.8, mutatis
mutandis. The Closing Statement Accountants final determination with respect to
such matters shall be set forth in a written statement by the Closing Statement Accountant
delivered simultaneously to Seller and Buyer and shall, absent manifest error, be final,
conclusive and binding on the Parties. If Opco and Seller reach an agreement with respect
to the Allocation or the Allocation is determined by the Closing Statement Accountant, (a) Opco
and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to update the Allocation in accordance
with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder following any
adjustments to the purchase consideration for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to
this Agreement, and (b) Opco and Seller shall prepare and timely file IRS Form 8594
(Asset Acquisition Statement Under Section 1060) in a manner that is consistent with
the Allocation, as it may be adjusted under this Section 2.9(b), unless
otherwise required by a change in applicable Law occurring after the date the Parties finalize
the Allocation; provided, however, that no Party shall be unreasonably impeded in its ability
and discretion to negotiate, compromise or settle any Tax examination, audit, litigation,
claim or other similar Proceedings in connection with the Allocation. Buyer and Seller shall
promptly notify the other Party upon receipt of notice of any Tax examination, audit, litigation,
claim or other similar Proceeding in connection with the Allocation.

24

2.10 Allocation
of Revenues and Other Payments

(a) From and after Closing: (i) Buyer
shall be entitled to all Mineral Proceeds attributable to production from the Conveyed Assets
from and after the Effective Time or, with respect to bonus payments, leases executed from
and after the Effective Time (collectively, the Buyer Entitlements)
and shall be responsible for (and entitled to any refunds with respect to) all audit, legal,
banking, reserves, payroll, land system, or general and administrative expenses of the Buyer
attributable to such Conveyed Assets from and after the Effective Time (the Buyer
Obligations), and (ii) Seller shall be entitled to all revenues, income,
proceeds, receipts, lease bonus payments and credits attributable to production from the
Conveyed Assets prior to the Effective Time or, with respect to bonus payments, leases executed
prior to the Effective Time (collectively, the Seller Entitlements),
and until the Final Settlement Date shall be responsible for (and entitled to any refunds
with respect to) all audit, legal, banking, reserves, payroll, land system, or general and
administrative expenses of the Seller attributable to such Conveyed Assets prior to the Effective
Time (the Seller Obligations). For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions
of this Section 2.10 shall not be applicable to Taxes (or any refunds thereof).

(b) Without duplication of any item that is
accounted for in Sections 2.4 or 2.8, if: (i) Seller or any of its Affiliates
receives any payment with respect to the Buyer Entitlements, Seller shall, or shall cause
its applicable Affiliates to, promptly remit such payment to Buyer or its designated Affiliate;
(ii) Buyer or any of its Affiliates receives any payment with respect to the Seller
Entitlements, Buyer shall, or shall cause its applicable Affiliates to, promptly remit such
payment to Seller or its designated Affiliate; (iii) Seller receives any invoices, bills
or other requests for payment from any Third Party in respect of the Buyer Obligations, Seller
shall send such requests for payment to Buyer and Buyer shall promptly remit payment for
such request to such Third Party; and (iv) prior to the Final Settlement Date Buyer
receives any invoices, bills or other requests for payment from any Third Party in respect
of the Seller Obligations, Buyer shall send such requests for payment to Seller and Seller
shall promptly remit, or cause its Affiliates to promptly remit, payment for such request
to such Third Party.

2.11 Withholding.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Opco, its Affiliates, and any
other Person acting on their behalf shall be entitled to deduct or withhold from any payment
to Seller under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document such amounts as are required
to be deducted or withheld, and paid over to a Governmental Authority, under applicable Tax
Law; provided, that Opco will, prior to any deduction or withholding (other than with respect
to withholding under Section 1445 of the Code pursuant to, and in accordance with, this
Section 2.11), use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Seller of any anticipated
withholding, and reasonably cooperate with Seller to minimize the amount of any applicable
withholding. To the extent any amounts are so deducted or withheld, Opco, its Affiliates,
or any other Person acting on their behalf shall timely remit such deducted or withheld amounts
to the applicable Governmental Authority, and any amounts remitted shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to Seller in the time and manner required
by this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, pursuant to Section 1445
of the Code, Opco shall be entitled to withhold fifteen percent (15%) of the Purchase Price
and any other amounts included in Sellers amount realized for U.S. federal income
tax purposes; provided, that, in the event that Opco elects to exercise the Buyer
Equity Option, Opco shall withhold such amount solely from the Base Option Cash Purchase
Price, as adjusted pursuant to this Agreement. Seller shall promptly deliver to Opco (and
in any event at least ten (10) days before the Closing Date ) (i) any information
reasonably requested by Opco in order to properly complete IRS Form 8288 (U.S. Withholding
Tax Return for Certain Dispositions by Foreign Persons) and IRS Form 8288-A (Statement
of Withholding on Certain Dispositions by Foreign Persons), and (ii) such other information
regarding Seller or the Conveyed Assets as may reasonably be requested by Opco in order to
properly report and remit any Tax withheld with respect to Seller pursuant to Section 1445
of the Code in connection with the transactions contemplated under this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document to the IRS. IRS Form 8288 and IRS Form 8288-A shall
be completed by Opco to report and transmit the required withholding to the IRS and Opco
shall (to the extent such obligation is not otherwise imposed on the Escrow Agent by applicable
Law) remit amounts withheld pursuant to this Section 2.11 to the IRS within 20
days following the Closing Date and shall provide Seller with documentary evidence confirming
that such withheld amounts have been so remitted to the IRS. Any amounts that are so withheld,
and which are actually and properly paid over to the IRS or other applicable Governmental
Authority, shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to Seller
in the time and manner required by this Agreement.

25

Article 3

Representations and Warranties Relating to Seller

Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer
as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date the matters set out in this Article 3:

3.1 Existence
and Qualification. Seller is a partnership duly formed, validly existing and in good
standing under the Laws of the Province of Saskatchewan and is duly qualified to carry on
its business in the state of Texas.

3.2 Power;
Authorization and Enforceability. Seller has the power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and any documents required to be executed and delivered by Seller at the Closing
pursuant to this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
have been duly and validly authorized and approved by the Boren Partners and Seller, and
no other proceeding on the part of any of the Boren Partners or Seller is necessary to authorize
this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller.
This Agreement constitutes, and upon the execution and delivery by Seller of each of the
documents to be executed and delivered by Seller at the Closing, such documents shall constitute,
valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against Seller and the Boren Partners
in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors
rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.

26

3.3 No
Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby does not and shall not and, with respect to clauses (a), (c), and (d) below,
do not result, or would not reasonably be expected to result, in a Seller Material Adverse
Effect: (a) violate any Law applicable to Seller or the Boren Partners or require any
filing with, consent, approval or authorization of, or notice to, any Governmental Authority;
(b) violate any Organizational Document of Seller or any Boren Partner; (c) violate
any Order applicable to such Seller or its interests in any of the Conveyed Assets; (d) to
the Knowledge of Seller, breach or violate, or constitute an event that with notice, lapse
of time or a combination will result in a breach, violation or default of, any Contract to
which Seller is a party or by which Seller or its interests in the Conveyed Assets may be
bound; or (e) result in the creation or imposition of any Liens other than Permitted
Encumbrances on the Mineral Interests.

3.4 Litigation.
Except: (a) for (i) the Fasken Litigation; and (ii) as set forth on Schedule
3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules; (b) with respect to Environmental Laws or Environmental
matters, which are solely addressed in Section 3.7; (c) with respect to
Tax matters, which are solely addressed in Section 3.5 and Section 3.14(c);
and (d) for any Proceedings by any Third Party working interest owners constituting
customary pooling, spacing or drilling permits or authorizations or Orders and decrees from
the applicable Governmental Authority and which is generally applicable to the owners and
operators of oil and gas assets located within the counties where the Oil and Gas Assets
are located, as of the Execution Date, there are no Proceedings pending against Seller or
any of the Boren Partners, or to the Knowledge of Seller, any written threat thereof, (A) which
involve any of the Conveyed Assets, including Sellers ownership thereof, or (B) questioning
the validity of this Agreement or seeking to prevent the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

3.5 Taxes.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.5 of the Disclosure Schedules:

(a) all material Asset Taxes that have become
due and payable have been duly and timely paid, and all Asset Tax withholding and deposit
requirements imposed by applicable Law with respect to the Conveyed Assets have been satisfied
and complied with in all material respects;

(b) all material Tax Returns required to be
filed with respect to Asset Taxes have been duly and timely filed and all such Tax Returns
are true, correct and complete in all material respects;

(c) there is no extension or waiver of any
statute of limitations of any jurisdiction regarding the assessment or collection of any
Asset Taxes that is currently in effect;

(d) there are no Liens (other than Permitted
Encumbrances) for Taxes on any of the Conveyed Assets;

(e) no examination, audit, litigation, claim
or other similar Proceeding with respect to any Asset Taxes has been commenced or is presently
pending, and Seller has not received written notice of any pending examination, audit, litigation,
claim or other similar Proceeding against it (which remains outstanding) from any applicable
Governmental Authority for assessment of any Asset Taxes, and no such Proceeding has been
threatened in writing;

27

(f) all material amounts required to be remitted
pursuant to any applicable escheat or unclaimed property law with respect to the Conveyed
Assets have been remitted to the applicable Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable
Law; and

(g) other than pursuant to the Organizational
Documents of Seller, none of the Conveyed Assets is subject to any tax partnership agreement
or is otherwise treated, or required to be treated, as held in an arrangement requiring a
partnership income Tax Return to be filed under Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of Subtitle A of
the Code.

Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement
to the contrary, the representations and warranties in this Section 3.5 and Section 3.14(c) are the only
representations and warranties of Seller in this Agreement with respect to Tax matters. To the extent any of the foregoing representations
and warranties in this Section 3.5 pertain to any Asset Taxes or Tax Returns relating to Asset Taxes that are paid and/or
filed by a Third Party operator, each such representation and warranty shall be deemed to be qualified by the phrase To the Knowledge
of Seller.

3.6 Contracts.

(a) As of the date hereof, Schedule 3.6(a) includes
a list of each Seller Material Contract. Seller Material Contract means
any of the following Contracts: (i) to which Seller is a party and by which the Seller
is bound in connection with the Conveyed Assets to the extent such Contract would be binding
on Buyer or the Conveyed Assets after Closing; or (ii) by which any of the Conveyed
Assets are bound or subject:

(i) Contracts involving obligations of, or payments
to or from, Seller after the date hereof, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of
one hundred thousand Dollars ($100,000);

(ii) Contracts (other than the Confidentiality
Agreement) restricting, in any material respect, Seller from freely engaging in any business
or competing anywhere;

(iii) Contracts guaranteeing any obligation
of another Person;

(iv) Contracts containing tag-along
or similar rights allowing a Third Party to participate in future sales of any of the Conveyed
Assets;

(v) Contracts for any Hedging Transactions that
will remain outstanding after Closing;

28

(vi) Any agreement of indemnification, surety
or guarantee by Seller on behalf of another Person or the assumption of any environmental
or other liability of any Person; and/or

(vii) Contracts to sell, exchange or otherwise
dispose of all or any part of the Conveyed Assets on or after the Effective Time.

(b) Each Seller Material Contract constitutes
the legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, on the one hand, and, to the Knowledge
of Seller, the counterparties thereto, on the other hand, and is enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to
enforceability, to general principles of equity. Seller is not in material breach or default
of its obligations under any of the Seller Material Contracts. To the Knowledge of Seller,
(i) no material breach or material default by any Third Party exists under any Seller
Material Contract and (ii) no counterparty to any Seller Material Contract has canceled,
terminated or modified, or threatened in writing to cancel, terminate or modify, any Seller
Material Contract. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, true, complete and accurate
copies of all Seller Material Contracts and all amendments thereto have been made available
to Buyer.

3.7 Environmental
Matters.

(a) As of the Execution Date there are no
Proceedings pending, or to the Knowledge of Seller threatened in writing by any Third Party,
against Seller or any of the Boren Partners with respect to the Conveyed Assets alleging
material violations or material non-compliance by Seller or any of the Boren Partners of,
or material liabilities of Seller or any of the Boren Partners under, Environmental Laws.

(b) Seller has not received any written notice
from any Governmental Authority of any alleged or actual material violation or material non-compliance
by Seller or any of the Boren Partners of, or material liability of Seller or any of the
Boren Partners under, any Environmental Law with respect to the Conveyed Assets, that remains
unresolved.

Notwithstanding any other provision
in this Agreement to the contrary, the representations and warranties in this Section 3.7 are the only representations and
warranties of Seller in this Agreement with respect to Environmental Laws or matters with respect to the Environment.

3.8 Compliance
with Laws. Except (a) with respect to Environmental Laws or Environmental matters,
which are solely addressed in Section 3.7 and (c) with respect to Tax matters,
which are solely addressed in Section 3.5 and Section 3.14(c), to
Sellers Knowledge, Seller ownership of the Conveyed Assets is, and has been for the
three (3) year period prior to the Execution Date, in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable Laws (other than Environmental Laws). Seller has not received a written
notice of a material violation of any Law (other than Environmental Laws) that is applicable
to the Conveyed Assets and that has not been (or will be prior to Closing) corrected or settled.

29

3.9 Consents
and Preferential Rights. Except for Customary Consents or as set forth on Schedule 3.9
(a) there are no Consents that are required to be obtained, made or complied with
in connection with the sale of the Conveyed Assets contemplated hereunder and (b) there
are no Preferential Rights applicable to the sale of the Conveyed Assets contemplated hereunder.

3.10 Brokers
Fees(a) . Seller and its Affiliates have not entered into any Contract with any Person
that would require the payment by Buyer or its Affiliates of any brokerage fee, finders
fee or other commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.11 No
Cost-Bearing Interests. To the Knowledge of Seller as of the Execution Date, the Conveyed
Assets do not include any unleased mineral interest where Seller has agreed or elected to
bear a drilling, operating or other costs as a participating mineral owner from and after
the Effective Time, other than instances where Sellers interests in the Conveyed Assets
have been included by a Third Party in a pool, well or operation under applicable Law and
the Sellers share of drilling, operating or other costs in such operation are set
off and deducted against Sellers share of Mineral Proceeds attributable to such operation.

3.12 Bankruptcy.
There are no bankruptcy, reorganization or arrangement proceedings pending, being contemplated
by or, to Sellers Knowledge, threatened against Seller, any Boren Partner or any of
its and/or their respective Affiliates.

3.13 Financial
Statements.

(a) Schedule 3.13(a) of the Disclosure
Schedules sets forth true and complete copies of the balance sheets and unaudited statements
of revenues pertaining to Seller for each of calendar years 2022 and 2023 (the Asset
Statements). The Asset Statements are expressed in the lawful currency of Canada
(and not in United States Dollars). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.13(a) of
the Disclosure Schedules, such Asset Statements have been prepared from the books and records
of Seller on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby (except as otherwise
stated in any notes thereto, to the extent applicable to the relevant Asset Statement) and
present fairly, in all material respects, the revenues and direct operating expenses pertaining
to the Seller for the periods described therein.

(b) Since December 31, 2023, Seller has
not effected any change in any method of accounting or accounting practice.

3.14 Pre-Signing
Due Diligence.

(a) On or before December 16, 2024 (the
Materials Delivery Date) Seller has provided or made available to Buyer
copies of all material Records in Sellers, or any of the Boren Partners possession
or control as of Materials Delivery Date (collectively, Pre-Signing Diligence Documents).

30

(b) As of the Execution Date, Seller has provided
to Buyer copies of any material Records which would be considered a Pre-Signing Diligence
Document which Seller obtains after the Materials Delivery Date.

(c) The check stubs (or copies thereof) provided
in the Pre-Signing Diligence Documents by Seller, or its Representative, to Buyer (i) are
complete and accurate copies of the check stubs received by Seller from payors of Hydrocarbons
produced from the Conveyed Assets and (ii) reflect in all material respects the actual
amounts of Mineral Proceeds received by Seller from the payors of production of Hydrocarbons
from the Conveyed Assets.

3.15 Securities
Law Compliance.

(a) Seller is an accredited investor as defined
in Regulation D under the Securities Act and under National Instrument 45-106 published by
the Canadian Securities Administrators. Seller (a) is acquiring the Common Units for
its own account and not with a view to distribution, (b) has sufficient knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters so as to be able to evaluate the merits and
risk of an investment in the Common Units and is able financially to bear the risks thereof,
and (c) understands that the Common Units will, upon issuance, be characterized as restricted
securities under state and federal securities Laws and that under such Laws and applicable
regulations the Common Units may be resold without registration under such Laws only in certain
limited circumstances.

(b) Seller
has experience in analyzing and investing in companies similar to Buyer and is capable of
evaluating the merits and risks of its decisions with respect to such matters and has the
capacity to protect its own interests.

(c) Seller
has retained and relied upon appropriate professional advice regarding the investment, tax
and legal merits and consequences of such matters.

(d) Seller
has had an opportunity to discuss the Buyers business, management and financial affairs
with the members of the Buyers management and has had an opportunity to ask questions
of the officers and other Representatives of Buyer, which questions were answered to its
satisfaction.

Article 4

Representations and Warranties Relating to Buyer

Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller
as of the Execution Date and the Closing Date the matters set out in this Article 4:

4.1 Organization
of Buyer. KRP is a limited partnership and Opco is a limited liability company, in each
case, duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction
of its formation and has the requisite organizational power and authority to own the Buyer
Assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted.

31

4.2 Power,
Authorization and Enforceability. Buyer has all requisite power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and any documents required to be executed and delivered at the
Closing and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly and validly authorized and approved by Buyer, and no other proceeding on the part of
Buyer is necessary to authorize this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by Buyer. This Agreement constitutes, and upon the execution and delivery
by Buyer of each of the documents to be executed and delivered by Buyer at the Closing, such
documents shall constitute, valid and binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer
in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws affecting creditors
rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity.

4.3 No
Conflict; Consents. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.3 of the Disclosure Schedules
or as would not reasonably be expected to prevent, impede, or materially delay the ability
of Buyer to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Buyer and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by Buyer do not and shall not: (a) violate any Law applicable to Buyer or require
any filing with, consent, approval or authorization of, or notice to, any Governmental Authority
(excluding filings, consents, approvals, authorizations and notices that are customarily
made or obtained after Closing); (b) violate any Organizational Document of Buyer; or
(c) breach any Contract to which Buyer is a party or by which any of its assets may
be bound or result in the termination of any such Contract.

4.4 Litigation.
There are no Proceedings pending against Buyer, or to Buyers Knowledge, any written
threat thereof, which question the validity of this Agreement or seeking to prevent the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

4.5 Brokers
Fees. Buyer and its Affiliates have not entered into any Contract with any Person that
would require the payment by Seller or its Affiliates of any brokerage fee, finders
fee or other commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.6 Bankruptcy.
There are no bankruptcy, reorganization or arrangement proceedings pending, being contemplated
by or, to Buyers Knowledge, threatened against Buyer or any of its Affiliates.

4.7 Financing.
Buyer has sufficient cash (in United States Dollars) to enable Buyer to (a) fund the
Performance Deposit on the Execution Date, (b) pay the Purchase Price (minus the Performance
Deposit) on the Closing Date to or on behalf of Seller, and (c) pay and perform all
other obligations of Buyer hereunder and the other agreements delivered hereunder by Buyer.

4.8 Securities
Law Compliance. Buyer is acquiring the Conveyed Assets for its own account and not with
a view to their sale or distribution in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
the rules and regulations thereunder, any applicable state blue sky laws, or any other
applicable securities laws.

32

4.9 Capitalization.

(a) As of the Execution Date, the issued and
outstanding partnership interests of KRP consist of 80,969,651 Common Units, 14,524,120 Class B
Units and 325,000 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units. No other class or
series of partnership interests of KRP is issued or outstanding. The Common Units and Class B
Units are duly authorized, validly issued, and fully paid (to the extent required under the
Partnership Agreement), non-assessable (except as such non-assessability may be affected
by Sections 17-303, 17-607 and 17-804 of the DRULPA) and free of preemptive rights (except
as set forth in the Partnership Agreement or disclosed in KRPs SEC Documents). The
Common Units and Class B Units were issued in compliance with applicable Laws. Except
as set forth in the Partnership Agreement or disclosed in KRPs SEC Documents filed
with or furnished to the Commission prior to the Execution Date, Buyer does not have outstanding
unitholder purchase rights, a poison pill or any similar arrangement in effect.

(b) As of the close of business on the Execution
Date, Schedule 4.9(b) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth with respect
to each subsidiary of KRP (including Opco) (i) a complete listing of all equity interests
of each subsidiary of KRP that are outstanding, by par value, class and designated series,
as applicable, (ii) the number of equity interests of each subsidiary that are reserved
for issuance under any agreement, whether written or otherwise and (iii) the number
of equity interests held as treasury interests by each subsidiary. All issued and outstanding
equity interests of each subsidiary of KRP are duly authorized, validly issued, and fully
paid (to the extent required by the applicable Organizational Documents), non-assessable
(except as such non-assessability may be affected by Sections 17-303, 17-607 and 17-804
of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act or Sections 18-607 and 18-804
of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act) and free of preemptive rights (except as set
forth in the applicable Organizational Documents). Except as set forth in the applicable
Organizational Documents of such Person, no subsidiary of Buyer is subject to any equityholder
purchase rights, a poison pill or any similar arrangement.

(c) Except as disclosed in KRPs SEC
Documents filed with or furnished to the Commission prior to the Execution Date, as of the
Execution Date, (i) there are no outstanding securities of Buyer convertible into, exchangeable
or exercisable for partnership interests or other equity interests of Buyer, (ii) authorized
or outstanding options, preemptive rights, redemption rights, repurchase rights, warrants
or other rights to purchase or acquire from Buyer, or obligations of Buyer to issue or sell,
any partnership interests or other equity interests, including securities convertible into
or exchangeable for partnership interests or other equity interests of Buyer, (iii) equity
equivalents, interests in the ownership or earnings, or other similar rights of or with respect
to Buyer, (iv) authorized or outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness
that entitles the holders to vote (or convertible or exercisable for or exchangeable into
securities that entitle the holders to vote) with holders of KRPs Common Units or
Opco Common Units on any matter or (v) voting trust agreements or other Contracts restricting
or otherwise relating to voting, dividend rights or disposition of the partnership interests
or other equity interests of Buyer.

(d) The Common Units issuable pursuant to
this Agreement have been duly authorized by KRP and, when issued and delivered in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly authorized, validly issued and fully paid
(to the extent required under the Partnership Agreement), non-assessable (except as such
non-assessability may be affected by Sections 17-303, 17-607 and 17-804 of the DRULPA)
and free of preemptive rights (except as set forth in the Partnership Agreement or disclosed
in KRPs SEC Documents filed with or furnished to the Commission prior to the Execution
Date) and any and all Liens and restrictions on transfer, other than restrictions on transfer
disclosed in KRPs SEC Documents filed with or furnished to the Commission prior to
the Execution Date, under this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement or applicable state and
federal securities Laws.

33

4.10 No
Integration(a) . Neither KRP nor any of its Affiliates
have, directly or indirectly through any agent, sold, offered for sale or solicited offers
to buy in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) that
is or will be integrated with the sale of the Common Units hereunder in a manner that would
require registration under the Securities Act.

4.11 No
Stabilization. Neither KRP nor any of its
Affiliates has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to, or that has constituted
or that could reasonably be expected to, cause or result in the artificial stabilization
or manipulation of the price of any security of KRP or to facilitate the sale or resale of
its securities.

4.12 Financial Statements. KRP has timely filed or furnished with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) all reports, schedules, forms,
statements, and other documents (including exhibits and other information incorporated therein) required
to be filed or furnished by it since December 31, 2023 under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act (all such documents, collectively, the SEC Documents). The SEC Documents, including
any audited or unaudited financial statements and any notes thereto or schedules included therein
(the Buyer Financial Statements), at the time filed or furnished (except to the extent
amended or superseded by a subsequently filed or furnished SEC Document filed or furnished prior to
the Execution Date) (a) in the case of any registration statement, did not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading and in the case of any SEC Documents other than a registration
statement, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading, (b) complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements
of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder
applicable to such SEC Documents, as applicable and (c) complied as to form in all material respects
with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the Commission
with respect thereto. The Buyer Financial Statements were prepared from the books and records of Buyer
in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods covered thereby (except as
may be indicated in the notes thereto or the omission of notes to the extent permitted by Regulation
S-K or, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the Commission) and
subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments, and present
fairly in accordance with GAAP, in all material respects, the financial position and the results of
operations of Buyer as of, and for the periods ended on, such applicable dates. The other financial
information of Buyer, including non-GAAP financial measures, if any, contained or incorporated by
reference in the SEC Documents has been derived from the accounting records of Buyer, and fairly presents
in all material respects the information purported to be shown thereby. Nothing has come to the attention
of Buyer that has caused it to believe that the statistical and market-related data included in the
SEC Documents is not based on or derived from sources that are reliable and accurate in all material
respects as of the date on which the applicable SEC Documents were filed. Based on an annual evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, Buyer is not aware
of (i) any significant deficiency or material weakness in the design or operation of internal
controls over financial reporting that are likely to adversely affect its ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial data or (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the internal controls over financial
reporting of Buyer. Buyer does not have any liabilities of any kind, whether accrued, contingent,
absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, that would be required to be reflected on a balance
sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, other than: (A) liabilities adequately provided for,
reflected or reserved on the Buyer Financial Statements, (B) liabilities that have arisen after
December 31, 2023 in the Ordinary Course or (C) liabilities that, individually or in the
aggregate, have not had, or would not reasonably be expected to have, a Buyer Material Adverse Effect.

4.13 Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm. Grant Thornton LLP, which has audited the financial
statements of KRP and its consolidated subsidiaries and delivered its report with respect
to the audited consolidated financial statements contained or incorporated by reference in
the SEC Documents, is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to KRP
within the meaning of the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder
adopted by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Grant Thornton LLP has not resigned or been dismissed as independent registered public accountants
of KRP as a result of or in connection with any disagreement with KRP on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures.

4.14 Controls
and Procedures; Listing.

(a) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Documents, KRP has established and maintains disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) designed to give
reasonable assurance that information relating to Buyer required to be disclosed in the SEC
Documents is recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission
and that such information is communicated to KRPs management.

34

(b) The
Common Units are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed
on the New York Stock Exchange, and KRP has not received any notice of delisting. KRP has
taken no action that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Units under
the Exchange Act.

4.15 No
Unitholder Approval. The issuance and delivery by KRP of the Common Units issued in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, if any, does not require any vote or
other approval of any holder of any Common Units or KRP preferred units, including the Series A
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Units.

4.16 Contracts.
Buyer is not a party to, and no Buyer Assets are bound by or subject to, any Contract containing
(a) any material restriction on Buyer or its Affiliates from freely engaging in any
business or competing anywhere or (b) any material standstill restriction or similar
restriction on Buyer or its Affiliates from acquiring equity or voting securities of a Third
Party, in each case that is or will be binding upon the Seller or any of its Affiliates as
a result of being Affiliated with Buyer or by virtue of owning the Common Units issued hereunder.

4.17 Absence
of Certain Changes. Since December 31, 2023, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents
filed with or furnished to the Commission prior to the Execution Date, (a) there has
not been any circumstance, change or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has had,
or would reasonably be expected to have, a Buyer Material Adverse Effect and (b) except
as set forth in Schedule 4.17 of the Disclosure Schedules, Buyer has not taken or
permitted to occur any of the actions referred to in Section 5.1(b).

4.18 Taxes.

(a) All income and other material Tax Returns
required to be filed by Buyer or any of their subsidiaries have been duly and timely filed
(taking into account valid extensions of the time for filing), and all such Tax Returns are
true, correct and complete in all material respects.

(b) All material Taxes owed by Buyer or any
of their subsidiaries, whether or not shown or reported on any Tax Return, have been duly
and timely paid.

(c) Buyer and its subsidiaries have timely
withheld and paid all material Taxes required to be withheld and paid by them and have complied
in all material respects with all related information reporting and record retention requirements.

4.19 Environmental
Matters.

(a) To Buyers Knowledge, Buyer and
Buyers ownership of the Buyer Assets are in material compliance with applicable Environmental
Laws, which compliance includes the possession and maintenance of, and compliance with, all
material permits required under all Environmental Laws, and have been for the preceding five
(5) years or shorter period of ownership, as applicable.

35

(b) None of Buyer or the Buyer Assets have
received any written notice from a Governmental Authority or Third Party that remains unresolved
alleging a material violation of or material non-compliance with any Environmental Law or
any material permit issued pursuant to Environmental Law.

(c) None of Buyer or the Buyer Assets are
subject to any pending, or to the Knowledge of Buyer, threatened in writing Proceeding under
or related to any Environmental Law (including any such Proceeding related to designation
as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA or any similar local or state Law).

(d) All material permits, permit exemptions,
licenses or similar authorizations, if any, required to be obtained or filed by any of Buyer
or the Buyer Assets, as applicable, under any Environmental Law in connection with its current
assets, operations and business have been duly obtained or filed, to Buyers Knowledge
are valid and currently in effect, and to Buyers Knowledge each of Buyer and the Buyer
Assets are in material compliance with such authorizations.

4.20 Form S-3
Eligibility. As of the Execution Date, KRP is eligible to register for resale by the
Seller and/or its designees under Form S-3 promulgated under the Securities Act the
Common Units to be issued hereunder.

4.21 Sarbanes-Oxley.
KRP and, to Buyers Knowledge, the directors or officers of KRPs general partner,
in their capacities as such, are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated
in connection therewith.

4.22 Investment
Company Status. Neither KRP nor any of its subsidiaries (including Opco) is, and immediately
after the purchase of the Conveyed Assets hereunder, neither KRP nor any of its subsidiaries
will be, an investment company or an entity controlled by an
investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended.

4.23 Distribution
Restrictions. Neither Buyer nor any of their subsidiaries is currently prohibited, or
as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will be prohibited, directly
or indirectly, from making distributions with respect to its equity securities, from repaying
to Buyer or any of their subsidiaries any loans or advances or from transferring any property
or assets to Buyer or any of their subsidiaries, except (a) such prohibitions mandated
by the Laws of Buyers and each of their subsidiaries state of formation and
the terms of Buyers and each of their subsidiaries Organizational Documents
and prohibitions contained in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 13,
2023 and as amended to date, by and among KRP, each of the guarantors party thereto, the
several lenders from time to time parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent
(the Buyer Credit Agreement), (b) where such prohibition would
not have, or would not reasonably be expected to have, a Buyer Material Adverse Effect and
(c) as set forth in Schedule 4.23 of the Disclosure Schedules.

36

4.24 Exemptions
from Securities Laws. Provided that the representations made by the Seller in Section 3.15
of this Agreement are true and accurate on the Closing Date, the issuance of Common Units
to Seller in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will be exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, and no document will be required to be filed, no proceeding
will be required to be taken and no permit, approval, consent or authorization will be required
to be obtained by Buyer under the Securities Act in connection with such issuance.

4.25 Buyers
Independent Investigation. SUBJECT TO SELLERS COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 5.6,
PRIOR TO CLOSING BUYER AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES WILL HAVE UNDERTAKEN AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
AND VERIFICATION OF THE CONVEYED ASSETS. BUYER IS (OR ITS AFFILIATES AND ADVISORS ARE) EXPERIENCED
AND KNOWLEDGEABLE IN THE OIL AND GAS BUSINESS (including,
without limitation, with respect to the mineral interests), AND IS AWARE OF THE RISKS
OF THAT BUSINESS. IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, BUYER HAS RELIED SOLELY UPON ITS OWN INVESTIGATION
AND ANALYSIS AND THE SPECIFIC REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER SET FORTH IN Article 3
OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLER TO BE DELIVERED AT THE CLOSING AND
THE SPECIAL WARRANTY TO BE MADE BY SELLER IN THE
ASSIGNMENT, AND BUYER, ABSENT FRAUD (AS DEFINED HEREIN):

(a) ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT SELLER HAS
NOT MADE, AND BUYER HAS NOT BEEN INDUCED BY AND HAS NOT RELIED UPON, ANY REPRESENTATIONS,
WARRANTIES OR STATEMENTS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, MADE BY SELLER OR ANY OF ITS partners,
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EQUITYHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, CONTROLLING PERSONS, AGENTS,
ADVISORS OR REPRESENTATIVES THAT ARE NOT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN Article 3
OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLER TO BE DELIVERED AT THE CLOSING AND
THE SPECIAL WARRANTY TO BE MADE BY SELLER IN THE
ASSIGNMENT, WHETHER OR NOT ANY SUCH REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR STATEMENTS WERE
MADE IN WRITING OR ORALLY;

(b) ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, EXCEPT FOR
THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES THAT ARE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN Article 3
OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLER TO BE DELIVERED AT THE CLOSING AND
THE SPECIAL WARRANTY TO BE MADE BY SELLER IN THE
ASSIGNMENT, NONE OF SELLER OR ANY OF ITS Partners,
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EQUITYHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, CONTROLLING PERSONS, AGENTS,
ADVISORS OR REPRESENTATIVES MAKES OR HAS MADE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED OR MADE
AVAILABLE TO BUYER OR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, CONTROLLING PERSONS,
AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES, INCLUDING ANY INFORMATION, DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL PROVIDED
OR MADE AVAILABLE, OR STATEMENTS MADE, TO BUYER (INCLUDING ITS PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, CONTROLLING PERSONS, ADVISORS, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES)
IN DATA ROOMS, MANAGEMENT PRESENTATIONS OR SUPPLEMENTAL DUE DILIGENCE INFORMATION PROVIDED
TO BUYER (INCLUDING ITS PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES,
CONTROLLING PERSONS, ADVISORS, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES) IN CONNECTION WITH DISCUSSIONS
OR ACCESS TO MANAGEMENT OF SELLER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR IN ANY OTHER FORM IN EXPECTATION
OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT (COLLECTIVELY, DUE DILIGENCE
INFORMATION);

37

(c) ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT (I) THE
DUE DILIGENCE INFORMATION INCLUDES CERTAIN PROJECTIONS, ESTIMATES AND OTHER FORECASTS, AND
CERTAIN BUSINESS PLAN INFORMATION, (II) THERE ARE UNCERTAINTIES INHERENT IN ATTEMPTING
TO MAKE SUCH PROJECTIONS, ESTIMATES AND OTHER FORECASTS AND PLANS AND BUYER IS FAMILIAR WITH
SUCH UNCERTAINTIES AND (III) BUYER IS TAKING FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR MAKING ITS OWN
EVALUATION OF THE ADEQUACY AND ACCURACY OF ALL PROJECTIONS, ESTIMATES AND OTHER FORECASTS
AND PLANS SO FURNISHED TO IT AND ANY USE OF OR RELIANCE BY BUYER ON SUCH PROJECTIONS, ESTIMATES
AND OTHER FORECASTS AND PLANS SHALL BE AT ITS SOLE RISK; AND

(d) AGREES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, THAT NONE OF SELLER NOR ANY OF ITS PARTNERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EQUITYHOLDERS,
EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, CONTROLLING PERSONS, AGENTS, ADVISORS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL HAVE
ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER TO BUYER OR ITS PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, CONTROLLING PERSONS, AGENTS, ADVISORS OR REPRESENTATIVES
ON ANY BASIS (INCLUDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT, UNDER FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR OTHERWISE)
RESULTING FROM THE DISTRIBUTION TO BUYER, OR BUYERS USE OF, ANY DUE DILIGENCE INFORMATION;
PROVIDED, THAT NEITHER THE FOREGOING WAIVER, NOR ANYTHING IN THIS SECTION 4.25, SECTION 4.26 BELOW,
OR ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, SHALL LIMIT, RESTRICT, OR OTHERWISE AFFECT BUYERS
RIGHTS RELATING TO THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

38

4.26 Limitations.
EXCEPT FOR SellerS representations and warranties
set forth in ARTICLE 3, THE CERTIFICATE OF SELLER TO BE DELIVERED AT THE
CLOSING AND THE SPECIAL WARRANTY TO BE MADE BY SELLER IN THE
ASSIGNMENT, SELLER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, AND BUYER EXPRESSLY WAIVES, ANY REPRESENTATION
OR WARRANTY (EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AT COMMON LAW, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) AS TO (a) TITLE
OF THE CONVEYED ASSETS; (b) PRODUCTION RATES, DECLINE RATES, THE QUALITY, QUANTITY OR
VOLUME OF THE RESERVES OF MINERALS, IF ANY, ATTRIBUTABLE TO SELLERS INTEREST
IN ANY OF THE CONVEYED ASSETS; (c) THE CONTENTS, CHARACTER, NATURE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS
OR MATERIALITY OF ANY RECORDS, INFORMATION, DATA OR OTHER MATERIALS (WRITTEN OR ORAL)
NOW, HERETOFORE OR HEREAFTER FURNISHED TO BUYER BY OR ON BEHALF OF SELLER, INCLUDING
(i) ANY DESCRIPTIVE MEMORANDUM, OR ANY REPORT OF ANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERING CONSULTANT,
OR ANY GEOLOGICAL OR SEISMIC DATA OR INTERPRETATION, RELATING TO THE CONVEYED ASSETS, (ii) ANY
DESCRIPTIVE MEMORANDUM, REPORTS, BROCHURES, CHARTS OR STATEMENTS PREPARED BY THIRD PARTIES,
AND (iii) ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR INFORMATION THAT MAY HAVE BEEN MADE AVAILABLE
OR COMMUNICATED TO BUYER OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ITS OR THEIR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, CONSULTANTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR ADVISORS IN CONNECTION WITH
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DISCUSSION OR PRESENTATION RELATING
THERETO; (d) THE ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION AND OTHER CONDITION OF THE CONVEYED ASSETS
AND ANY POTENTIAL LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE CONVEYED ASSETS; AND (e) ANY
ESTIMATES OF THE VALUE OF THE CONVEYED ASSETS OR FUTURE PROCEEDS THEREFROM, IT BEING
EXPRESSLY UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED BY THE PARTIES THAT BUYER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE OBTAINING
THE CONVEYED ASSETS IN THEIR PRESENT STATUS AND CONDITION AS IS AND WHERE
IS, WITH ALL FAULTS AND DEFECTS, AND THAT BUYER HAS MADE OR CAUSED TO BE MADE SUCH
INSPECTIONS AS BUYER DEEMS APPROPRIATE. EXCEPT FOR SELLERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
SET FORTH IN SECTION 3.7, (X) SELLER HAS NOT AND WILL NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION
OR WARRANTY REGARDING ANY MATTER OR CIRCUMSTANCE RELATING TO ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS THE RELEASE
OF MATERIALS INTO THE ENVIRONMENT OR THE PROTECTION OF HUMAN HEALTH, SAFETY, NATURAL RESOURCES
OR THE ENVIRONMENT, OR ANY OTHER ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION OF THE CONVEYED ASSETS, AND (Y) BUYER
SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE TAKING THE CONVEYED ASSETS AS IS AND WHERE IS
WITH ALL FAULTS FOR PURPOSES OF THEIR ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION AND THAT BUYER HAS MADE OR
CAUSED TO BE MADE SUCH ENVIRONMENTAL INSPECTIONS AS BUYER DEEMS APPROPRIATE. THE PARTIES
HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE BEEN REPRESENTED BY SOPHISTICATED COUNSEL IN CONNECTION
WITH THE NEGOTIATION AND EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THIS SECTION 4.26,
AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. SELLER AND BUYER AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED
BY LAW TO BE EFFECTIVE, THE DISCLAIMERS OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 4.26
ARE CONSPICUOUS DISCLAIMERS FOR THE PURPOSES OF ANY LAW, RULE OR ORDER.
NOTHING IN SECTION 4.25 OR THIS SECTION 4.26 SHALL OPERATE TO RELIEVE
SELLER OF ANY COMMON LAW LIABILITY TO BUYER FOR FRAUD (AS DEFINED HEREIN), PROVIDED THAT
SELLER IS FINALLY DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE COMMITTED FRAUD
AGAINST BUYER RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

39

Article 5

Covenants

5.1 Conduct
of Business

(a) Operations of Seller before Closing.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, during the period from the Execution Date
until the Closing Date (unless this Agreement is otherwise terminated), without the prior
written consent of Buyer, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed,
Seller shall (i) own and operate the Conveyed Assets in the Ordinary Course and (ii) maintain
the books of account and Records relating to the business of the Conveyed Assets in the Ordinary
Course.

(b) Restricted Activities of Seller.
Except as (x) set forth on Schedule 5.1(b) of the Disclosure Schedules,
(y) consented to by Buyer in writing, which consent which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, or (z) expressly contemplated by this Agreement, from
the Execution Date until the Closing Date, Seller shall not:

(i) sell, transfer, lease, mortgage, pledge,
encumber, grant any security interest in or otherwise subject to any Lien, abandon or dispose
of any of the Conveyed Assets or any rights, warrants, commitments or options to acquire
any Conveyed Assets (other than the sale of Hydrocarbons in the Ordinary Course);

(ii) enter into or amend any leases, including
Oil and Gas Leases, or Contracts, in each case, relating to or binding on the Conveyed Assets
or the Hydrocarbons located thereon or associate therewith that would be included in the
Conveyed Assets or Assumed Obligations at or after Closing;

40

(iii) except as required by Law, make, change
or rescind any Asset Tax election, amend any Tax Return relating to Asset Taxes, or take
any position on any Tax Return relating to Asset Taxes that is inconsistent with past practice;
or

(iv) agree, whether in writing or otherwise,
to do any of the foregoing.

(c) Operations of Buyer before Closing.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, during the period from the Execution Date
until the Closing Date (unless this Agreement is otherwise terminated), without the prior
written consent of Seller, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed,
Buyer shall (i) operate in the Ordinary Course and (ii) maintain the books of account
and records relating to the business of Buyer in the Ordinary Course of each such Person.

(d) Restricted Activities of Buyer.
Except as (x) set forth on Schedule 5.2(d) of the Disclosure Schedules,
(y) consented to by Seller in writing, which consent which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, or (z) expressly contemplated by this Agreement, from
the Execution Date until the Closing Date, Buyer shall not:

(i) amend its Organizational Documents in a
manner that would have an adverse effect on the rights, preferences or privileges of the
Common Units; adopt, enter into, authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to
adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization;

(ii) change its accounting methods, policies,
or practices, except as required by applicable Law as concurred to by its independent auditors
and notice of which is given in writing by Buyer to Seller;

(iii) acquire by merger, consolidation, purchase
or otherwise any equity interests in any Person, purchase substantially all the assets of
or otherwise acquire any business or division of any Person, or make any loan or advance
to, or capital contribution or other investment in, any other Person, including the formation
of any joint ventures;

(iv) offer, issue, deliver, grant, transfer,
sell, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate, grant any security interest in, or otherwise subject
to any Lien, or authorize or propose to offer, issue, deliver, grant, transfer, sell, mortgage,
pledge, hypothecate, grant any security interest in, or otherwise subject to any Lien, any
(A) equity interests in, Buyer or its subsidiaries, (B) securities convertible
into any equity interests in Buyer or its subsidiaries or (C) rights, warrants, commitments
or options to acquire any equity interests in, Buyer or its subsidiaries, in each case other
than as permitted by the Buyer Credit Agreement or among wholly owned subsidiaries of Buyer;

41

(v) (A) except in connection with Buyers
regularly scheduled quarterly cash distributions and other cash dividends or distributions
between Buyer and its subsidiaries in connection therewith, declare, set aside or pay any
dividends on, or make any other distribution in respect of any of Buyers or its subsidiaries
equity interests (whether in the form of stock or property or any combination thereof), (B) adjust,
split, combine or reclassify any equity interests in Buyer or its subsidiaries or (C) repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any equity
interests in Buyer or its subsidiaries;

(vi) enter into any new line of business;

(vii) incur any indebtedness (other than in
the Ordinary Course or to fund all or any portion of the Purchase Price, and as otherwise
permitted pursuant to the Buyer Credit Agreement) or issue or sell any debt securities or
options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of Buyer or its subsidiaries,
in each case other than among wholly owned subsidiaries of Buyer;

(viii) enter in to or modify or permit any of
its subsidiaries to enter into or modify the terms of any transaction with an Affiliate of
Buyer or its subsidiaries or terminate any such arrangement (other than arrangements between
Buyer and any wholly owned subsidiaries thereof);

(ix) make or change any material Tax elections,
except as required by applicable Law; or

(x) agree, whether in writing or otherwise,
to do any of the foregoing.

5.2 Records.
From and after the Execution Date until the earlier of Closing or the termination of this
Agreement, Seller shall make available to Buyer the Records that are in the Sellers
possession. Seller, at Buyers cost and expense, shall make available for copying at
Sellers office originals (if available, and otherwise copies) of all Records to Buyer
within thirty (30) days after the Closing.

5.3 Further
Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Party will (a) use
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or
cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary or desirable, under applicable Law or otherwise,
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (b) from and after
Closing, execute and deliver such other documents, and take such other actions as may be
reasonably requested by the other Party in order to carry out the purposes of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents executed or delivered at Closing in accordance with their
respective terms, including revisions of the legal description of the Mineral Interests suggested
by Buyer in good faith, to the extent reasonably necessary to facilitate the proper recording
of the Assignment in each relevant jurisdiction and to give effect to the conveyance of the
Conveyed Assets contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Parties
agree to execute and deliver such other documents, certificates, agreements and other writings
and to take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary or desirable in order to consummate
or implement expeditiously the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in accordance
with the terms hereof.

42

5.4 Escrow
Account. Each Party shall use reasonable best efforts to open the Escrow Account as promptly
as practicable following the Execution Date including, without limitation, promptly providing
the Escrow Agent with all Know Your Customer information required or reasonably
requested by the Escrow Agent in order to open the Escrow Account.

5.5 Fees
and Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all fees and expenses,
including fees and expenses of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring
such fee or expense.

5.6 Access.
Upon reasonable prior written notice and during normal business hours, Seller shall give
Buyer or Buyers Representatives access to the Records by online or other electronic
means for the purposes of conducting due diligence reviews and access to Sellers and
its Affiliates personnel and employees knowledgeable about the Conveyed Assets. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Buyer shall have no right to, and Seller shall have no obligation to provide
to Buyer (a) access if it would unreasonably interfere with the normal operations and
business of Seller or (b) information, the disclosure of which would, in Sellers
good faith opinion, (i) jeopardize or waive any legal privilege against disclosure available
to Seller or any of its Affiliates relating to such information (except for title opinions),
or (ii) cause Seller or any of its Affiliates to breach a confidentiality obligation
arising under any Contract or any applicable Law; provided that, in each case, Seller
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain consent to disclose such information.

5.7 Confidentiality

(a) Buyer acknowledges that, pursuant to its
right of access to the Records, Buyer will become privy to confidential and other information
of the Seller and that such confidential information shall be held confidential by Buyer
and Buyers Representatives in accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement
and this Section 5.7. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
upon Closing, all obligations of Buyer under the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement shall
terminate as it relates to the Conveyed Assets.

(b) Subject to Section 10.8, for
a period of one (1) year from and after the Closing Date, Seller shall, and shall cause
its Affiliates to, not make disclosure to Third Parties of any confidential or proprietary
information relating to Buyer or the Conveyed Assets, except with the prior written consent
of Buyer or as required by, or requested pursuant to, applicable Law, regulation or legal,
judicial or administrative process (including an audit or examination by a regulatory authority
or self-regulatory organization), except to the extent that such information (i) is
generally available to the public through no fault of such Seller or any of its Affiliates
committed following Closing or (ii) is lawfully acquired by Seller or any of its Affiliates
from and after the Closing from sources which are not known to Seller to be prohibited from
disclosing such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation to Buyer or the
Conveyed Assets; provided, however, that (x) nothing shall prohibit Seller or its Affiliates
from using their knowledge or mental impressions of such information or their general knowledge
of the industry or geographic area in the conduct of their respective businesses following
the Closing, (y) Seller and its Affiliates may discuss (on a confidential basis) the
underlying investment with respect to the Conveyed Assets and the acquisition or disposition
of the Conveyed Assets in connection with legitimate fundraising activities or fund performance
reporting with current or prospective investors, lenders, or partners.

43

5.8 Notices
to Escrow Agent and Transfer Agent(a) . Seller and Buyer shall provide the Escrow
Agent and Transfer Agent, as applicable, with such notices, directions and instructions (as
are necessary for the Escrow Agent to fulfill its obligations set forth in the Escrow Agreement)
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

5.9 No
Shop. Until the earlier of the occurrence of Closing or the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Article 8:

(a) Seller and its Affiliates shall, and shall
direct each of their Representatives to, immediately cease any discussions or negotiations
with any Persons with respect to any Third Party Acquisition or any proposal reasonably likely
to lead to a Third Party Acquisition. From the Execution Date until the Closing, Seller shall
not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives
to, and shall not resolve or propose to, directly or indirectly, encourage, solicit, participate
in or initiate discussions, negotiations, inquiries, proposals or offers (including any proposal
or offer to their shareholders) with or from or provide any non-public information to any
Person or group of Persons concerning any Third Party Acquisition or any inquiry, proposal
or offer reasonably likely to lead to a Third Party Acquisition.

(b) Seller shall not, and shall cause its
subsidiaries not to, enter into any agreement, letter of intent, memorandum of understanding,
agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, joint
venture agreement, partnership agreement or other agreement constituting or directly related
to, or which is reasonably likely to lead to, a Third Party Acquisition or any proposal for
a Third Party Acquisition.

(c) For the purposes of this Agreement, Third
Party Acquisition shall mean the occurrence of any acquisition, directly or indirectly,
in one or a series of related transactions, whether by sale, merger or otherwise, of all
or any part of the Conveyed Assets.

44

5.10 Additional
Listing Application(a) . If the Buyer Equity Option is exercised, as promptly as practicable
after the Execution Date, but in any event after taking into consideration the rules and
regulations of the New York Stock Exchange with respect to the timing of the Additional Listing
Application (as hereinafter defined) and the supporting documents required to accompany the
Additional Listing Application, Buyer shall submit to the New York Stock Exchange an additional
listing application relating to the Common Units issuable hereunder (the Additional
Listing Application) and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to secure
the New York Stock Exchanges approval of the Additional Listing Application, subject
to official notice of issuance.

Article 6

Tax Matters

6.1 Responsibility
for Filing Tax Returns and Paying Asset Taxes. Excluding any Tax Returns and Asset Taxes
required to be filed and/or paid by a Third Party operator, Seller shall (a) be responsible
for paying any Asset Taxes that are due on or prior to the Closing Date and shall file with
the appropriate Governmental Authority any and all Tax Returns required to be filed on or
prior to the Closing Date with respect to such Asset Taxes, (b) prepare each such Tax
Return in accordance with Sellers past practice except as otherwise required by applicable
Law, and (c) to the extent any such Tax Return relates to a Straddle Period or a Tax
period that begins after the Effective Time and is filed after the Execution Date (each such
Tax Return, an Interim Period Tax Return), submit each such Interim
Period Tax Return to Buyer for its review and comment reasonably in advance of the due date
therefor, and timely file any such Interim Period Tax Return, incorporating any reasonable
comments received from Buyer prior to the due date therefor. After the Closing Date, excluding
any Tax Returns and Asset Taxes required to be filed and/or paid by a Third Party operator,
Buyer shall (x) be responsible for paying any Asset Taxes for any (i) Tax period
that ends before the Closing Date or (ii) Straddle Period, in each case, that are due
after the Closing Date and shall file with the appropriate Governmental Authority any and
all Tax Returns required to be filed after the Closing Date with respect to such Asset Taxes,
and (y) submit each such Tax Return to Seller for its review and comment reasonably
in advance of the due date therefor, and timely file any such Tax Return, incorporating any
reasonable comments received from Seller prior to the due date therefor. The Parties agree
that (x) this Section 6.1 is intended to solely address the timing and manner
in which certain Tax Returns relating to Asset Taxes are filed and the Asset Taxes shown
thereon are paid to the applicable Governmental Authority, and (y) nothing in this Section 6.1
shall be interpreted as altering the manner in which Asset Taxes are allocated to and
economically borne by the Parties (except for any penalties, interest or additions to Tax
imposed as a result of any breach by a Party of its obligations under this Section 6.1,
which shall be borne by the breaching Party).

6.2 Asset
Taxes

(a) Seller shall be allocated and shall bear
all Asset Taxes attributable to (i) any Tax period ending prior to the Effective Time
and (ii) the portion of any Straddle Period ending immediately prior to the Effective
Time. Buyer shall be allocated and shall bear all Asset Taxes attributable to (x) any
Tax period beginning at or after the Effective Time and (y) the portion of any Straddle
Period beginning at the Effective Time.

45

(b) For purposes of determining the allocations
described in Section 6.2(a), (i) Asset Taxes that are attributable to the
severance or production of Hydrocarbons (other than Asset Taxes that are ad valorem, property,
and similar Asset Taxes imposed on a periodic basis) shall be allocated to the period in
which the severance or production giving rise to such Asset Taxes occurred; (ii) Asset
Taxes that are based upon or related to sales or receipts or imposed on a transactional basis
(other than such Asset Taxes described in clause (i) above or that are ad valorem, property,
and similar Asset Taxes imposed on a periodic basis) shall be allocated to the period in
which the sale or other transaction giving rise to such Asset Taxes occurred; and (iii) Asset
Taxes that are ad valorem, property or similar Asset Taxes imposed on a periodic basis pertaining
to any Straddle Period shall be allocated pro rata per day between the portion of the Straddle
Period ending on the day immediately prior to the date on which the Effective Time occurs,
on the one hand, and the portion of the Straddle Period beginning on the date on which the
Effective Time occurs, on the other hand. For purposes of applying this Section 6.2(b) to
Asset Taxes that are ad valorem, property and similar Asset Taxes imposed on a periodic basis,
the period for such Asset Taxes shall begin on the date on which ownership of the applicable
Conveyed Assets gives rise to liability for the particular Asset Tax and shall end on the
day before the next such date.

(c) To the extent the actual amount of an
Asset Tax is not known at the time an adjustment is to be made with respect to such Asset
Tax pursuant to Section 2.4, Section 2.5 or Section 2.8,
as applicable, the Parties shall utilize the most recent information available in estimating
the amount of such Asset Tax for purposes of such adjustment. To the extent the actual amount
of an Asset Tax (or the amount thereof paid or economically borne by a Party) is ultimately
determined to be different than the amount (if any) that was taken into account in the Final
Closing Statement (as finally determined pursuant to Section 2.8) timely payments
will be made from one Party to the other Party to the extent necessary to cause each Party
to bear the amount of such Asset Tax that is allocable to such Party under this Section 6.2.

6.3 Transfer
Taxes. Buyer shall be responsible for, pay and indemnify Seller against (a) to the
extent applicable, any transfer, sales, use, stamp, registration or other similar Taxes resulting
from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, Transfer Taxes)
and (b) all required filing and recording fees and expenses in connection with the filing
and recording of the assignments, conveyances or other instruments required to convey title
to the Conveyed Assets to Buyer. The Party required by applicable Law to file a Tax Return
with respect to such Transfer Taxes will do so within the time period prescribed by applicable
Law, and (i) if Buyer is required to file such Tax Return, Buyer shall pay the Transfer
Taxes so payable, or (ii) if Seller is required to file such Tax Return, Seller shall
pay the Transfer Taxes so payable and Buyer shall make a payment to Seller in an amount equal
to such Transfer Taxes within three (3) Business Days of Sellers request therefor.
Seller and Buyer shall reasonably cooperate in good faith to minimize, to the extent permissible
under applicable Law, the amount of any such Transfer Taxes.

46

6.4 Cooperation.
Buyer and Seller shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the
other Party, in connection with the filing of Tax Returns and any audit, administrative or
judicial Tax proceeding, litigation or other Proceeding, in each case, with respect to Taxes
attributable to the Conveyed Assets. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon
the other Partys request and reasonable expense) the provision of records and information
that are reasonably relevant to any such Tax Return or audit, administrative or judicial
Tax proceeding, litigation or other Proceeding and making employees available on a mutually
convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided
hereunder. Seller and Buyer agree to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters
pertinent to the Conveyed Assets relating to any taxable period beginning before the Closing
Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations (and, to the extent notified by Buyer,
any extensions thereof) of the respective taxable periods, and to abide by all record retention
agreements entered into with any Governmental Authority.

6.5 Refunds.
Without duplication of clause (e) of the definition of Excluded Assets, Seller shall
be entitled to any refunds of Asset Taxes economically borne by Seller, and Buyer shall be
entitled to any refunds of Asset Taxes economically borne by Buyer. If a Party or its Affiliates
receives a refund of Asset Taxes to which the other Party is entitled pursuant to this Section 6.5,
such recipient Party shall forward to the entitled Party the amount of such refund (including
any interest received thereon, but net of any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs
or expenses (including Taxes) payable to Third Parties incurred by such recipient Party in
obtaining such refund) within fifteen (15) days after such refund is received.

6.6 Tax
Contests. If, after the Closing Date, Buyer receives notice of an audit or administrative
or judicial Proceeding with respect to any Asset Tax or Tax Return with respect to Asset
Taxes related to any taxable period ending prior to the Effective Time or any Straddle Period
(in each case, a Tax Contest), Buyer shall notify Seller within five
(5) Business Days of receipt of such notice; provided, that the failure of Buyer
to provide such notice will not relieve Seller of its obligations under this Agreement except
to the extent such failure results in insufficient time being available to permit Seller
to effectively defend against or participate in a Tax Contest or otherwise actually prejudices
Sellers ability to defend against or participate in a Tax Contest. Seller shall have
the right (but not the obligation) to manage, conduct and control any Tax Contest, at Sellers
sole cost and expense, and may exercise such right by providing written notice to Buyer within
fifteen (15) days of receiving notice of such Tax Contest from Buyer. Buyer shall otherwise
control any Tax Contest that Seller does not elect to control pursuant to the preceding sentence.
The Party that is in control of any Tax Contest pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.6
shall (a) keep the non-controlling Party reasonably informed of the progress of
such Tax Contest; (b) permit the non-controlling Party (or the non-controlling Partys
counsel) to participate, at the non-controlling Partys sole cost and expense, in such
Tax Contest, including in meetings with the applicable Governmental Authority; and (c) not
settle, compromise and/or concede any portion of such Tax Contest without the prior written
consent of the non-controlling Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed.

47

Article 7

Conditions to Closing

7.1 Conditions
to Obligations of Buyer to Closing. The obligation of Buyer to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in
writing by Buyer) of the following conditions:

(a) Representations, Warranties. (i) Each
of the Fundamental Representations of Seller in this Agreement shall be true and correct
in all respects (other than de minimis inaccuracies) as of the Closing Date, as though
made on and as of the Closing Date (other than Fundamental Representations of Seller that
refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct in all respects on and as
of such specified date) and (ii) each of the Non-Fundamental Representations of Seller
in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date, as though
made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer
to a specified date, which need only be true and correct in all respects on and as of such
specified date) without regard to any Seller Material Adverse Effect or other materiality
qualifier set forth therein, except, with respect to this clause (ii) (without
giving effect to any materiality qualifier or Seller Material Adverse Effect qualifiers contained
herein) to the extent the failure of any such Non-Fundamental Representations to be so true
and correct does not and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Seller Material
Adverse Effect.

(b) Performance. Seller shall have
performed and observed, in all material respects, each covenant and agreement to be performed
or observed by Seller under this Agreement prior to or on the Closing Date.

(c) No Injunction. On the Closing Date,
no injunction, Order, or award restraining, enjoining, or otherwise prohibiting the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or granting substantial damages in connection
therewith, shall have been issued and remain in force.

(d) NYSE Listing. If the Buyer Equity
Option is exercised, the Common Units issuable hereunder shall have been approved for listing
on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance (the NYSE Listing Approval).

(e) Closing Deliverables. Seller shall
(i) have delivered to Buyer the officers certificate described in Section 2.7(a)(iv) and
(ii) be ready, willing and able to deliver to Buyer at the Closing the other documents
and items required to be delivered by Seller under Section 2.7(a).

48

7.2 Conditions
to Obligations of Seller to Closing. The obligation of Seller to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in
writing by Seller) of the following conditions:

(a) Representations, Warranties. (i) Each
of the Fundamental Representations of Buyer in this Agreement shall be true and correct in
all respects (other than de minimis inaccuracies) as of the Closing Date, as though
made on and as of the Closing Date (other than Fundamental Representations of Buyer that
refer to a specified date, which need only be true and correct in all respects on and as
of such specified date) and (ii) each of the Non-Fundamental Representations of Buyer
in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date, as though
made on and as of the Closing Date (other than representations and warranties that refer
to a specified date, which need only be true and correct in all respects on and as of such
specified date) without regard to any Buyer Material Adverse Effect or other materiality
qualifier set forth therein, except, with respect to this clause (ii) (without
giving effect to any materiality qualifier or Buyer Material Adverse Effect qualifiers contained
herein) to the extent the failure of any such Non-Fundamental Representations to be so true
and correct does not and would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Buyer Material
Adverse Effect.

(b) Performance. Buyer shall have performed
and observed, in all material respects, each covenant and agreement to be performed or observed
by Buyer under this Agreement prior to or on the Closing Date.

(c) No Injunction. On the Closing Date,
no injunction, Order, or award restraining, enjoining, or otherwise prohibiting the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or granting substantial damages in connection
therewith, shall have been issued and remain in force.

(d) NYSE Listing. If the Buyer Equity
Option is exercised, the Common Units issuable hereunder shall have received the NYSE Listing
Approval.

(e) Closing Deliverables. Buyer shall
be ready, willing, and able to deliver to Seller at the Closing the documents and items required
to be delivered by Buyer under Section 2.7(b).

7.3 Satisfaction
of Closing Conditions. Each of the Parties shall proceed diligently and in good faith
and use all commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill and assist in the fulfillment of the
conditions set forth in Section 7.1 and Section 7.2. In addition,
each of the Parties agrees not to take any action that could reasonably be expected to preclude,
delay or have an adverse effect on the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or which
would render, or may reasonably be expected to render, any representation or warranty made
by it in this Agreement untrue in any material respect.

49

Article 8

Termination

8.1 Termination.
At any time prior to the Closing, this Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated
hereby abandoned:

(a) by the mutual consent of Buyer and Seller,
as evidenced in writing signed by each of Buyer and Seller;

(b) by Buyer, upon Notice to Seller, if there
has been a material breach by Seller of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant
contained in this Agreement that has prevented or would prevent the satisfaction of any condition
to the obligations of Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby set forth
in Section 7.1 and, if such breach is of a character that it is capable of being
cured, such breach has not been cured by Seller within ten (10) days after delivery
of Notice thereof from Buyer;

(c) by Seller, upon Notice to Buyer, if there
has been a material breach by Buyer of any representation, warranty, agreement or covenant
contained in this Agreement that has prevented or would prevent the satisfaction of any condition
to the obligations of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby set forth
in Section 7.2 and, if such breach is of a character that it is capable of being
cured, such breach has not been cured by Buyer within ten (10) days after delivery of
Notice thereof from Seller;

(d) by either Buyer or Seller, upon Notice
to the other Party, if any Governmental Authority having competent jurisdiction has issued
a final, non-appealable Order, decree, ruling or injunction (other than a temporary restraining
order) or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(e) by Seller or Buyer, upon written notice
to the other Party, if Closing has not occurred on or before the date that is fifteen (15)
days after the Target Closing Date; or

(f) by Seller, by written notice to Buyer
if Buyer does not timely pay the Performance Deposit in accordance with Section 2.3.

provided,
however, that no Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement under Section 8.1(b), Section 8.1(c), or
Section 8.1(e) if (i) the Closing has failed to occur as a result of the breach or failure of any of such Partys
representations, warranties or covenants hereunder that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Article 7,
including, if and when required, such Partys obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder at Closing or (ii) a
Party is entitled to and is enforcing its right to specific performance of this Agreement under Section 8.2(b) or Section 8.2(c) below.

50

8.2 Effect
of Termination.

(a) In the event of any termination of this Agreement, other than as set forth in this Section 8.2, (a) this Agreement shall forthwith become void and of no further force or effect (except that this Section 8.2, Section 5.5 and Article 10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement indefinitely, along with defined terms in Section 1.1 to the extent applicable to such provisions, and shall be enforceable by the Parties) and (b) there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of Buyer or Seller to any other Party with respect to this Agreement.

(b) In the event that (i) all conditions precedent to the obligations of Buyer set forth in Section 7.1 have been satisfied or waived in writing by Buyer (or would have been satisfied except for the breach or failure of any of Buyers representations, warranties or covenants hereunder) and (ii) the Closing has not occurred solely as a result of the breach or failure of any of the Buyers representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, including, if and when required, Buyers obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder at the Closing, then Seller shall be entitled to (A) exercise any rights at law or in equity (including the right to specific performance of this Agreement) or (B) terminate this Agreement and receive the entirety of the Performance Deposit for the sole account and use of Seller as liquidated damages hereunder, and the Parties shall promptly execute and deliver a joint instruction letter to the Escrow Agent to such effect. Seller and Buyer each acknowledge and agree that (x) Sellers actual damages upon the event of such a termination are difficult to ascertain with any certainty, (y) the Performance Deposit is a fair and reasonable estimate by the Parties of such aggregate actual damages of Seller and (z) such liquidated damages do not constitute a penalty.

(c) In the event that (i) all conditions
precedent to the obligations of Seller set forth in Section 7.2 have been satisfied
or waived in writing by Seller (or would have been satisfied except for the breach or failure
of Sellers representations, warranties, or covenants hereunder) and (ii) the
Closing has not occurred solely as a result of the material breach or material failure of
Sellers representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, including, if and when
required, Sellers obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder
at the Closing, then Buyer shall be entitled, as the sole and exclusive remedy of the Buyer
against Seller for the failure to consummate the transactions contemplated hereunder at the
Closing, to either (A) seek specific performance of this Agreement, or (B) terminate
this Agreement and receive the entirety of the Performance Deposit for the sole account and
use of Buyer, and the Parties shall promptly execute and deliver a joint instruction letter
to the Escrow Agent to such effect, and Buyer may recover from Seller its reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses paid in connection with the negotiation of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including brokers, agents,
advisors and attorneys fees.

(d) In the event that this Agreement is terminated
under Section 8.1 and Seller is not entitled or required to receive the Performance
Deposit under Section 8.2(b), Buyer shall be entitled to receive the entirety
of the Performance Deposit for the account of Buyer.

51

(e) Promptly, but in no event later than three
(3) Business Days after the termination of this Agreement, Seller and Buyer shall execute
and deliver to the Escrow Agent written instructions instructing the Escrow Agent to disburse
via wire transfer of immediately available funds the entirety of the Performance Deposit
to the Party or Parties entitled to receive the Performance Deposit as provided in this Section 8.2.

(f) Upon termination of this Agreement, (i) Buyer
shall return to Seller or destroy (at Sellers option) all records, title, engineering,
geological and geophysical data, environmental assessments and reports, maps, documents and
other information furnished by Seller to Buyer in connection with its due diligence investigation
of the Conveyed Assets and (ii) an officer of Buyer shall certify Buyers compliance
with preceding Section 8.2(f)(i) to Seller in writing.

8.3 Specific
Performance. Each Party acknowledges that as express consideration for the Parties entering
into this Agreement and such Partys representations, warranties and covenants set
forth herein, each Party covenants and agrees that solely with respect to each Partys
rights under Section 8.2(b) and Section 8.2(c), (i) the
rights of each Party to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby are special, unique
and of extraordinary character and that, if any Party violates or fails or refuses to perform
any covenant or agreement made by it herein, the non-breaching Party may be without an adequate
remedy at law, (ii) each Party would be irreparably harmed by any breaches by the other
Party of its obligations to consummate the transactions hereunder as and when required by
such Party hereunder, (iii) monetary damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any
violation of the terms of this Agreement with respect to each Partys rights under
Section 8.2(b) and Section 8.2(c), (iv) the other Party
shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunction (without the posting of
any bond and without proof of actual damages) and specific performance, in the event of any
breach of the provisions of this Agreement with respect to each Partys rights under
Section 8.2(b) and Section 8.2(c), in addition to all other
remedies available at law or in equity, including monetary damages, (v) neither Party,
nor its Representatives, shall oppose the granting of specific performance or any such relief
as a remedy with respect to each Partys rights under Section 8.2(b) and
Section 8.2(c) on the basis of adequacy of monetary damages and (vi) each
Party agrees to waive any requirement for the security or posting of any bond in connection
with the remedies described in Section 8.2(b) and Section 8.2(c).

52

Article 9

Assumed Obligations; Indemnification

9.1 Assumed
Obligations. Subject to Sellers obligations pursuant to Section 9.2,
upon the consummation of the Closing, Buyer (or its designee) shall assume and agree to fulfill,
perform, pay and discharge (or cause to be fulfilled, performed, paid and discharged) all
obligations and liabilities of Seller, known or unknown, to the extent and only to the extent
arising from, based upon, or attributable to the ownership of the Conveyed Assets, regardless
of whether such obligations or liabilities arise out of, are attributable to, or incurred
prior to, on, or after the Effective Time or the Closing Date but subject to the Specified
Obligations (collectively, the Assumed Obligations); provided, however,
that (a) said assumption and agreement to fulfill, perform, pay and discharge the Assumed
Obligations shall not increase the obligation of Buyer (or its designee) or any of its Affiliates
with respect to such Assumed Obligations beyond that of Seller, waive any valid defense that
was available to Seller with respect to any Assumed Obligations or enlarge the rights or
remedies of any Third Party, if any, under any of the Assumed Obligations and (b) the
Assumed Obligations shall not include, Specified Obligations or other Losses to the extent
and only for the periods that Seller is obligated hereunder to provide indemnity for such
Losses to the Buyer Identified Parties under Section 9.2 with respect to such
Specified Obligations and Losses.

9.2 Sellers
Indemnification. Upon the consummation of the Closing, Seller hereby agrees to pay, defend,
indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless Buyer, its Affiliates and its and their respective
directors, partners, members, owners, managers, officers, agents, attorneys and employees
(the Buyer Indemnified Parties) for, from and against any Loss incurred,
suffered, paid by or resulting to any of the Buyer Indemnified Parties and to the extent
which such Loss results from, arises out of or in connection with, is based upon, or exists
by reason of the following:

(a) any breach of or inaccuracy in any representation
or warranty of Seller set forth in this Agreement;

(b) any failure by Seller to perform or observe
any covenant, agreement or obligation set forth in this Agreement which is not fully cured
as provided in Article 8 of this Agreement; or

(c) the Specified Obligations.

9.3 Buyers
Indemnification. Upon the consummation of the Closing, each Buyer hereby agrees to jointly
and severally pay, defend, indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless Seller, its Affiliates
and their respective directors, partners, members, owners, managers, officers, agents, attorneys
and employees (the Seller Indemnified Parties) for, from and against
any Loss incurred, suffered, paid by or resulting to any of the Seller Indemnified Parties
and to the extent which such Loss results from, arises out of or in connection with, is based
upon, or exists by reason of the following:

(a) any breach of or inaccuracy in any representation
or warranty of Buyer set forth in this Agreement;

(b) any failure by Buyer to perform or observe
any covenant, agreement or obligation set forth in this Agreement, which is not fully cured
as provided in Article 8 of this Agreement; or

(c) any of the Assumed Obligations;

53

EVEN
IF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARE CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY THE NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS, SOLE, JOINT, ACTIVE, PASSIVE, COMPARATIVE OR
CONCURRENT), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL FAULT OF ANY INDEMNIFIED PERSON, INVITEES OR THIRD PARTY, but excepting
and excluding in the case of Section 9.3(c) any Losses against which Buyer is entitled to indemnity from Seller under
Section 9.2(c) at the time the applicable Indemnification Notice is presented by Buyer (but such exception and exclusion
only applying to the extent and for the periods Seller is obligated hereunder to provide such indemnity under this Article 9).

Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) for purposes of determining the amount of Losses recoverable by Seller Indemnified
Parties or Buyer Indemnified Parties resulting from breaches of representations and warranties by the Seller or Buyer, respectively and
(ii) for the purposes of determining whether a Seller Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification under this Article 9
for breaches of representations and warranties by the Buyer or whether a Buyer Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification under
this Article 9 for breaches of representations and warranties by Seller, each of the representations and warranties herein
that contains any qualifications as to material, materiality or material adverse effect and
words of similar import (other than specific monetary thresholds) in the terms of such representations and warranties shall be disregarded.

9.4 Indemnification Procedures

(a) If a Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller
Indemnified Party (each, an Indemnified Party) has suffered or incurred
any Loss and seeks indemnification under this Article 9, the Indemnified Party
shall so notify the Party from whom indemnification is sought (such Party, the Indemnifying
Party) promptly in writing describing the event giving rise to such Loss, the
basis upon which indemnification is being sought hereunder, the amount estimated of such
Loss (if known or reasonably capable of estimation), and a method of computation of such
Loss, all with reasonable particularity and containing a reference to one or more provisions
of this Agreement in respect of such Loss (the Indemnification Notice);
provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to so notify the Indemnifying
Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from liability hereunder (i) except to
the extent the Indemnifying Party shall have been actually prejudiced thereby or (ii) such
notification is received after the termination of the applicable survival period.

54

(b) In the event that any claim, demand, or
cause of action is brought by a Third Party for which an Indemnifying Party may be liable
to an Indemnified Party hereunder or any Proceeding is commenced by a Third Party involving
such claim, demand or cause of action (a Third Party Claim), the Indemnified
Party shall promptly, and in any event if practicable within thirty (30) days after receiving
written notice of such Third Party Claim, deliver to the Indemnifying Party an Indemnification
Notice informing the Indemnifying Party of such Third Party Claim (the Claim Notice);
provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to so promptly notify the Indemnifying
Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from liability hereunder (i) except to
the extent the Indemnifying Party shall have been actually prejudiced thereby or (ii) such
notification is received after the termination of the applicable survival period. The Indemnifying
Party shall have thirty (30) days (or such shorter period if the nature of the claim so requires)
from its receipt of the Claim Notice (the Notice Period) to notify the
Indemnified Party whether or not the Indemnifying Party desires, by counsel of its own choosing,
to defend against such Third Party Claim at its sole cost and expense. If the Indemnifying
Party undertakes to defend against such Third Party Claim (which undertaking shall not constitute
an admission or agreement that the Indemnifying Party is obligated to indemnify the Indemnified
Party hereunder in respect of such matter): (A) the Indemnifying Party shall use its
reasonable efforts to defend and protect the interests of the Indemnified Party with respect
to such Third Party Claim, (B) the Indemnifying Party shall keep the Indemnified Party
reasonably informed of the material developments in the Third Party Claim at all stages therefor
and promptly submit to the Indemnified Party copies of all legal documents received or filed
in connection therewith and (C) the Indemnifying Party shall not consent to any settlement
without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party that (1) does not contain
an unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from the subject matter of the settlement
or (2) imposes an injunction or other equitable relief upon the Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in any event, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to control, pay or
settle any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party shall have undertaken to defend
so long as the Indemnified Party shall also waive any right to indemnification therefor by
the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnifying Party undertakes to defend against such Third
Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party
and its counsel at the Indemnifying Partys expense in the investigation, defense,
and settlement thereof (but shall not be required to bring counter-claims or cross-claims
against any Person); provided, however, that such Indemnified Party shall be entitled
to participate in any such defense with separate counsel reasonably acceptable to Indemnifying
Party at the expense of Indemnifying Party if in the reasonable opinion of both counsel to
the Indemnified Party and counsel to the Indemnifying Party (or, if they disagree, of an
independent counsel acceptable to each of them) a conflict or potential conflict exists between
the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party that would make such separate representation
necessary; provided, further, that the Indemnifying Party shall not be required to
pay for more than one such counsel (plus any appropriate local counsel) for all Indemnified
Parties in connection with any single Third Party Claim or a series of related Third Party
Claims. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.4, the Indemnifying
Party shall not be entitled to defend, assume or continue to assume the defense or settlement
or, or to consent to the settlement or compromise of, any Third Party Claim (which in each
case, shall be controlled solely by the Indemnified Party unless otherwise consented to in
writing by the Indemnified Party) if (x) the claim seeks injunctive or equitable relief
against the Indemnified Party or (y) the claim relates to a criminal action or involves
claims by a Governmental Authority.

55

(c) If the Indemnifying Party does not undertake
within the Notice Period to assume the defense of any such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying
Party shall nevertheless have the right to participate in any such defense at its sole cost
and expense, but, in such case, the Indemnified Party shall control the investigation and
defense of such Third Party Claim. Under no circumstances will the Indemnifying Party have
any liability in connection with any settlement, compromise or discharge that is entered
into without its prior consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned,
or delayed. The Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party agree to make available to each
other, their respective counsel and other Representatives, all information and documents
(at no cost to the Indemnifying Party, other than for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of
the Indemnified Party) that are reasonably available to such party and reasonably required
in connection with the defense against a Third Party of any indemnification claim brought
under this Article 9 (but excluding any documents subject to attorney-client
privilege or relating to any dispute between the Parties as to the availability of indemnification
hereunder). The Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party and each of their respective employees
also agree to render to each other such assistance and cooperation as may reasonably be required
to ensure the proper and adequate defense of such claim or demand.

(d) Seller and Buyer shall treat any indemnity
payments made pursuant to this Article 9 as adjustments to the Purchase Price
(or, in the case that Buyer elects to exercise the Buyer Equity Option, the Base Option Cash
Purchase Price, as adjusted pursuant to this Agreement) for U.S. federal and applicable state
and local income tax purposes except to the extent otherwise required by Law.

(e) Any indemnification with respect to any
claim pursuant to this Article 9 shall be effected by wire transfer of immediately
available funds from the Indemnifying Party to an account designated in writing by the applicable
indemnitee within ten (10) Business Days after a final determination thereof.

(f) To the extent the provisions of this Section 9.4
are inconsistent with Section 6.6, Section 6.6 shall control.

9.5 Certain
Limitations on Indemnity Obligations

(a) Except for breaches of Sellers
Fundamental Representations or the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.5
and any indemnification rights related thereto, and except for claims for breach of the
Special Warranty in the Assignment, no individual claim of Buyer or the Buyer Indemnified
Parties pursuant to Section 9.2(a) shall be made hereunder unless such individual
claim or matter arising out of the same set of facts, circumstances or occurrences exceeds
an amount equal to $100,000 (the Individual Claim Threshold), and then
only to the extent the aggregate amount of such claims in excess of the Individual Claim
Threshold exceeds two percent (2.0%) of the Base Purchase Price (the Indemnity
Deductible). Except for breaches of Sellers Fundamental Representations
or the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.5 and any indemnification
rights related thereto, and except for claims for breach of the Special Warranty in the Assignment,
if the total amount of all of Buyers or the Buyer Indemnified Parties individual
claims which exceed the Individual Claim Threshold exceed the Indemnity Deductible, then
Sellers obligations under Section 9.2(a) shall be limited to the
amount by which the aggregate amount of such individual claims which exceed the Individual
Claim Threshold exceeds the Indemnity Deductible.

56

(b) Except for breaches of Buyers Fundamental
Representations and any indemnification rights related thereto, no individual claim of Seller
or the Seller Indemnified Parties pursuant to Section 9.3(a) shall be made
hereunder unless such individual claim or matter arising out of the same set of facts, circumstances
or occurrences exceeds Individual Claim Threshold, and then only to the extent the aggregate
amount of such claims in excess of the Individual Claim Threshold exceeds the Indemnity Deductible.
Except for breaches of Buyers Fundamental Representations and any indemnification
rights related thereto, if the total amount of all of Sellers or the Seller Indemnified
Parties individual claims which exceed the Individual Claim Threshold exceed the Indemnity
Deductible, then Buyers obligations under Section 9.3(a) shall be
limited to the amount by which the aggregate amount of such individual claims which exceed
the Individual Claim Threshold exceeds the Indemnity Deductible.

(c) Except for breaches of Sellers
Fundamental Representations or the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.5
and any indemnification rights related thereto, and except for claims for breach of the
Special Warranty in the Assignment, in no event will Sellers aggregate liability under
Section 9.2(a) exceed 10% of the Base Purchase Price (the Seller
Cap). In no event shall Sellers aggregate liability under Section 9.2
exceed the Purchase Price.

(d) Except for breaches of Buyers Fundamental
Representations and any indemnification rights related thereto, in no event will Buyers
aggregate liability under Section 9.3(a) exceed 10% of the Base Purchase
Price (the Buyer Cap). In no event shall Buyers aggregate liability
under Section 9.3 exceed the Purchase Price.

(e) The amount of any indemnification provided
under Sections 9.2 and 9.3 shall be net of any amounts actually recovered
by the Indemnified Party under insurance policies (net of any collection costs (including
any sales, use or similar Taxes imposed on or with respect to any services obtained by the
Indemnified Party in connection with the collection of insurance proceeds under any such
policy, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Income Taxes payable or otherwise
owed by the Indemnified Party as a result of its receipt of such amounts under the applicable
insurance policy)), and excluding the proceeds of any insurance policy issued or underwritten
by the Indemnified Party or its Affiliates.

57

(f) Except with respect to liabilities resulting
from Fraud, from and after Closing, except for the Special Warranty in the Assignment, each
of the Partys and its respective Indemnified Parties sole exclusive remedy
against any Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable, with respect
to the negotiation, performance, and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder,
any breach of the representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements of the Parties contained
herein, the affirmations of such representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements contained
in the certificates delivered by each of Seller and Buyer at Closing or contained in any
other agreement, contract, or instrument delivered hereunder by or on behalf of Seller or
Buyer, as applicable, are the rights set forth in Section 9.2, as limited by
the terms of this Article 9 and the Special Warranty in the Assignment, (ii) the
right to specific performance for the breach or failure of the other Party to perform any
covenants required to be performed after Closing. Except for the remedies contained in this
Article 9, upon Closing, each Party waives, releases, remises, and forever discharges,
and shall cause each Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable,
to waive, release, remise, and forever discharge, each such Partys Indemnified Party
from any and all Losses, suits, legal or administrative proceedings, claims, demands, losses,
costs, obligations, liabilities, interest, charges, or causes of action whatsoever, in law
or in equity, known or unknown, which any Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party,
as applicable, might now or subsequently may have, based on, relating to, or arising out
of the negotiation, performance, and consummation of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereunder or the ownership, use or operation of the Conveyed Assets, or the condition, quality,
status, or nature of the Conveyed Assets, including
rights to contribution under The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act (CERCLA) or any other Environmental Law, breaches of statutory and implied warranties,
nuisance or other tort actions, rights to punitive damages, common law rights of contribution,
any rights under insurance policies issued or underwritten by any Buyer Indemnified party,
and any rights under agreements among any members of the Seller Group, even if caused in
whole or in part by the negligence (whether gross, sole, joint, active, passive, comparative,
or concurrent), strict liability or other legal fault of any released Person, invitee, or
third party.

(g) Notwithstanding anything stated herein
to the contrary, Seller will not have any liability to Buyer or Buyer Indemnified Parties
and Buyer will not have any liability to Seller or Seller Indemnified Parties under this
Article 9 with respect to any item for which a specific adjustment has already
been made to the Purchase Price or payment made under the terms of this Agreement.

58

(h) Any claim for indemnity to which a Seller
Indemnified Party or Buyer Indemnified Party is entitled must be asserted by and through
Seller or Buyer, as applicable.

(i) Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
each Indemnified Party shall make commercially reasonable efforts to recover, mitigate or
minimize all Losses upon and after becoming aware of any event or condition which would reasonably
be expected to give rise to any Losses that are indemnifiable under to this Agreement.

(j) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, if the Closing occurs, in no event shall either Party be entitled to assert
the breach or failure of any representation, warranty, or covenant of the other Party or
any condition precedent of the other Party in this Agreement or any related document or any
certificate delivered pursuant hereto or thereto as a basis for a claim for indemnification
or defense under this Article 9 to the extent that such Party had Knowledge of
such breach or failure prior to the Closing Date, and such Party shall be deemed to have
waived any claim for breach of a covenant, representation, or warranty or for indemnity hereunder
related thereto.

(k) To the extent of the indemnification obligations
in this Agreement, Buyer and Seller hereby waive for themselves and their respective successors
and assigns, including any insurers, any rights to subrogation for Losses for which such
Party is liable or against which such Party indemnifies any other Person under this Agreement.
If required by applicable insurance policies, each Party shall obtain a waiver of such subrogation
from its insurers.

9.6 Express
Negligence. WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PROVISIONS
SET OUT IN THIS ARTICLE 9 COMPLY WITH THE REQUIREMENT, KNOWN AS THE EXPRESS NEGLIGENCE
RULE, TO EXPRESSLY STATE IN A CONSPICUOUS MANNER TO AFFORD FAIR AND
ADEQUATE NOTICE THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS PROVISIONS REQUIRING BUYER TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR
THE NEGLIGENCE (whether gross, sole, joint, active, passive, comparative, or concurrent),
STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER FAULT OF MEMBERS OF THE SELLER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES.

59

9.7 Survival.
The survival periods for the various representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained herein shall be as follows: (a) Fundamental Representations shall survive
the Closing until the date thirty six (36) months after Closing Date, (b) Sellers
representations and warranties in Section 3.5 shall each survive the Closing
until sixty (60) days after the expiration of the applicable Tax statute of limitations;
(c) all of Sellers representations and warranties (other than Sellers
Fundamental Representations and the representations and warranties in Section 3.5)
shall survive the Closing until the date twelve (12) months after the Closing Date; (d) all
of Buyers representations and warranties (other than Buyers Fundamental Representations)
shall survive the Closing until the date twelve (12) months after Closing Date; (e) all
covenants and agreements of the Parties in Article 6 or otherwise relating to
Taxes or Tax Proceedings shall survive the Closing until sixty (60) days after the expiration
of the applicable Tax statute of limitations; (f) all obligations of Seller under Section 9.2(c) shall
survive Closing as follows: (i) indefinitely with respect to the Specified Obligations
described in subparts (a) and (b) of the definition of Specified Obligations,
(ii) twenty four (24) months after Closing with respect to the Specified Obligations
described in subpart (c), (d) or (e) of the definition of Specified Obligations
and (iii) sixty (60) days after the expiration of the applicable Tax statute of limitations
with respect to the Specified Obligations described in subpart (f) of the definition
of Specified Obligations; and (g) all other covenants and agreements of
the Parties (i) that are required to be performed at or prior to Closing shall survive
the Closing until the date twelve (12) months after the Closing Date and (ii) that are
required to performed after the Closing shall survive until fully performed. Representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements shall be of no further force and effect after the date
of their expiration, provided that there shall be no termination of any bona fide
claim asserted pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such a representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement prior to its expiration date prescribed herein. The (A) indemnity
in Section 9.2(c) shall survive from and after the Closing as follows: (i) indefinitely
with respect to the Specified Obligations described in subparts (a) and (b) of
the definition of Specified Obligations, (ii) twenty four (24) months
after Closing with respect to the Specified Obligations described in subpart (c), (d) or
(e) of the definition of Specified Obligations and (iii) sixty (60)
days after the expiration of the applicable Tax statute of limitations with respect to the
Specified Obligations described in subpart (f) of the definition of Specified
Obligations; (B) indemnity in Section 9.3(c) shall survive from
and after the Closing without time limit; and (C) all the other indemnities shall terminate
as of the termination date of each respective representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
that is subject to the indemnification thereto (as specified herein), in each case, except
as to matters for which a written claim for indemnity has been delivered to the indemnifying
Person in accordance with this Agreement on or before such termination date. The Special
Warranty in the Assignment will survive the Closing for thirty-six (36) months.

9.8 Waiver
of Right to Rescission. Seller and Buyer acknowledge that, following Closing, specific
performance or the payment of money, as limited by the terms of this Agreement, shall be
adequate compensation for breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement
contained herein or for any other claim arising in connection with or with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. As such, following Closing, Buyer and Seller
each waive any right to rescind this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.9 Amendment
or Dissolution of Seller. Following Closing until the date twelve (12) months after the
Closing Date, Seller shall not: (a) amend its Organizational Documents in a manner that
would have an adverse effect on the rights, preferences or privileges of the Buyer Indemnified
Parties to indemnification pursuant to Section 9.2, including by the removal
of any Boren Partner from the Seller partnership (provided that, for certainty, it
is expressly acknowledged and agreed that the removal of a Boren Partner as a partner of
Seller does not, in and of itself, have an adverse effect on the rights, preferences or privileges
of the Buyer Indemnified Parties to indemnification pursuant to Section 9.2);
(b) sell or in any other manner dispose of all or substantially all of its assets unless
the transferee agrees in writing to assume all of Sellers indemnification obligations
pursuant to Section 9.2; or (c) adopt, enter into, authorize, recommend,
propose or announce an intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization. For certainty,
it is acknowledged and agreed that any distribution or other payment made by Seller to the
Boren Partners (or to any one or more of them) shall not be a violation of this Section 9.9

60

Article 10

Other Provisions

10.1 Notices.
All notices, consents, waivers and other communications under this Agreement must be in writing
(Notices) and shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) delivered
by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) sent by electronic mail with receipt
acknowledged, with the receiving Party affirmatively obligated to promptly acknowledge receipt
during normal business hours on a Business Day (otherwise, on the next Business Day), or
(c) when received by the addressee, if sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery
service (receipt requested), in each case to the appropriate recipients and addresses set
forth below (or to such other recipients or addresses as a Party may from time to time designate
by Notice in writing to the other Party):

If to Buyer, to:

Kimbell Royalty
Partners, LP

777 Taylor Street,
Suite 810

Fort Worth, TX
76102

Attention: Robert
D. Ravnaas

E-mail: robert@kimbellrp.com

With a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:

White & Case LLP

609 Main Street

Houston, TX 77002

Attention: Jason A. Rocha

Charlie Ofner

E-mail: jason.rocha@whitecase.com

charlie.ofner@whitecase.com

and

Kelly Hart &
Hallman LLP

201 Main Street
#2500

Fort Worth, TX
76102

Attention: Drew
Neal

Email: drew.neal@kellyhart.com

61

If to Seller, to:

Boren Minerals

1784 Clark Avenue

Weyburn, SK S4H
3G3

Attention: Management
Team

E-mail: tricia_boren@msn.ca

With a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:

MLT Aikins LLP

Suite 1201,
409 3rd Avenue S

Saskatoon, Saskatchewan
S7K 5R5

Attention: Ryan
Hallman

E-mail: rhallman@mltaikins.com

and

Vinson &
Elkins LLP

845 Texas Avenue,
Suite 4700 

Houston, Texas

Attention: Bryan
Edward Loocke

E-mail: bloocke@velaw.com

10.2 Assignment.
No Party shall assign or otherwise transfer all or any part of this Agreement, nor shall
any Party delegate any of its rights or duties hereunder, without the prior written consent
of the other Party, and any transfer or delegation made without such consent shall be null
and void ab initio; provided, however, nothing shall limit Buyers right to
convey all or a portion of the Conveyed Assets after Closing. Unless expressly agreed to
in writing by each Party, no permitted assignment of any Partys rights or duties that
is subject to the consent of the Parties shall relieve or release the assigning Party from
the performance of such Partys rights or obligations hereunder, and such assigning
Party shall be fully liable for the performance of all such rights and duties. Subject to
the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties
and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

10.3 Rights
of Third Parties. Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement is intended or shall
be construed to confer upon or give any Person, other than the Parties, any right or remedies
under or by reason of this Agreement; provided that, (a) the Nonparty Affiliates
are intended Third Party beneficiaries of Section 10.13, (b) the Buyer Indemnified
Parties are intended Third Party beneficiaries of Section 9.2, and (c) the
Seller Indemnified Parties are intended Third Party beneficiaries of Section 9.3.
Notwithstanding the foregoing: (a) the Parties reserve the right to amend, modify, terminate,
supplement or waive any provision of this Agreement or this entire Agreement without the
consent or approval of any other Person (including any Seller Indemnified Party or Buyer
Indemnified Party pursuant to this Agreement) and (b) no Party hereunder shall have
any direct liability to any permitted Third Party beneficiary, nor shall any permitted Third
Party beneficiary have any right to exercise any rights hereunder for such Third Party beneficiarys
benefit except to the extent such rights are brought, exercised, and administered by a Party
hereto in accordance with Section 9.2, Section 9.3 or by a Nonparty
Affiliate in connection with the enforcement of Section 10.13.

62

10.4 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any
electronic copies hereof or signature hereon shall, for all purposes, be deemed originals.

10.5 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the schedules attached hereto, the Disclosure
Schedule and exhibits to this Agreement), Assignment, and the other contracts, agreements,
certificates, documents, and instruments delivered or to be delivered by the Parties in connection
with the Closing (collectively, the Transaction Documents), constitute
the entire agreement among the Parties and supersede any other agreements, whether written
or oral, that may have been made or entered into by, between or among any of the Parties
or any of their respective Affiliates relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. The
provisions of this Agreement and (when executed) the other Transaction Documents may not
be explained, supplemented or qualified through evidence of trade usage or a prior course
of dealings. No Party shall be liable or bound to any other Party in any manner by any representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements relating to such subject matter except as specifically
set forth in this Agreement and (when executed) the other Transaction Documents.

10.6 Disclosure
Schedule. Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalized terms used in the Disclosure
Schedule shall have the respective meanings assigned in this Agreement. No reference to or
disclosure of any item or other matter in the Disclosure Schedule shall be construed as an
admission or indication that such item or other matter is material or that such item or other
matter is required to be referred to or disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule. No disclosure
in the Disclosure Schedule relating to any possible breach or violation of any agreement
or Law shall be construed as an admission or indication that any such breach or violation
exists or has actually occurred. The inclusion of any information in the Disclosure Schedule
shall not be deemed to be an admission or acknowledgment by such Party, in and of itself,
that such information is material to or outside the Ordinary Course of such Party or required
to be disclosed on the Disclosure Schedule. Each Party shall have the continuing right until
two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date to add, supplement or amend the Disclosure
Schedules to the representations and warranties of such applicable Party with respect to
any matter hereafter arising which, if existing or known at the Execution Date or thereafter,
would have been required to be set forth or described in the Disclosure Schedules so that
the representations or warranties of such Party would be true, correct and complete as of
the Closing Date. For all purposes of this Agreement, including for purposes of determining
whether the conditions set forth in Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.2(a) have
been fulfilled, the Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed to include only that information
contained therein on the Execution Date and shall be deemed to exclude all information contained
in any addition, supplement or amendment under this Section 10.6. If the Closing
shall occur, then all matters disclosed pursuant to any such addition, supplement or amendment
in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 10.6 shall be disregarded
for purposes of, and shall not affect, Buyers or Sellers remedies under Section 9.2(a) and
Section 9.3(a), respectively, to the extent that such addition, supplement or
amendment does not individually or in the aggregate result in a failure to satisfy the condition
set forth in Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.2(a); provided, however,
that in the event that such addition, supplement or amendment does, individually or in the
aggregate, result in a failure to satisfy the condition set forth in Section 7.1(a) or
Section 7.2(a) and Buyer or Seller, as applicable, waives in writing the
failure of such condition, Buyer or Seller, as applicable, shall be deemed to have waived
such remedies under Section 9.2(a) or Section 9.3(a), as applicable,
with respect to such addition, supplement or amendment.

63

10.7 Amendments;
Waiver. This Agreement may be amended or modified in whole or in part, and terms and
conditions may be waived, only by a duly authorized agreement in writing which refers to
this Agreement executed by each Party. Any failure by any Party to comply with any of its
obligations, agreements or conditions herein may be waived in writing, but not in any other
manner, by the Party or Parties to whom such compliance is owed. Waiver of performance of
any obligation or term contained in this Agreement by any Party, or waiver by one Party or
the other Partys default hereunder will not operate as a waiver of performance of
any other obligation or term of this Agreement or a future waiver of the same obligation
or a waiver of any future default.

10.8 Publicity.
If any Party wishes to make a press release or other public announcement respecting this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, such Party will provide the other Party
with a draft of the press release or other public announcement for review at least three
(3) Business Days prior to the time that such press release or other public announcement
is to be made. The Parties will attempt in good faith to expeditiously reach agreement on
such press release or other public announcement and the contents thereof. Failure to provide
comments back to the other Party within two (2) Business Days of receipt of the draft
release or announcement will be deemed consent to the public disclosure of such press release
or other public announcement and the content thereof. Seller and Buyer shall each be liable
for the compliance of their respective Affiliates with the terms of this Section 10.8.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.8, no Party shall
issue a press release or other public announcement that includes the name of a non-releasing
Party or its Affiliates without the prior written consent of such non-releasing Party (which
consent may be withheld in such non-releasing Partys sole discretion). All press releases
or other public communications of any nature whatsoever relating to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and the method of the release for publication thereof, shall be subject
to the prior written consent of Buyer and Seller. The foregoing shall not limit disclosures
required by applicable Laws or by rules or regulations of any Governmental Authority
or stock exchange.

64

10.9 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent
jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
The Parties further agree that if any provision contained herein is, to any extent, held
invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the Laws governing this Agreement, they shall
take any actions necessary to render the remaining provisions of this Agreement valid and
enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by Law and, to the extent necessary, shall amend
or otherwise modify this Agreement to replace any provision contained herein that is held
invalid or unenforceable with a valid and enforceable provision giving effect to the intent
of the Parties to the greatest extent legally permissible.

10.10 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver.

(a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE LAWS THAT MIGHT BE APPLICABLE UNDER CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 

(b) Any dispute, controversy, matter
or claim between the Parties (each, subject to such exceptions, a Dispute),
that cannot be resolved between the Parties, will be instituted exclusively in the Business
Court of the State of Texas in and for Houston, Texas or the United States District Court
located in Houston, Texas, and each Party hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
in connection with any Dispute or Proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated thereby. All Disputes between the Parties to this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue only in
the courts of Business Court of the State of Texas in and for Houston, Texas or the United
States District Court located in Houston, Texas. Each Party irrevocably waives any objection
which it may have pertaining to improper venue or forum non-conveniens to the conduct of
any Proceeding in the foregoing courts. Each Party agrees that any and all process directed
to it in any such Proceeding may be served upon it outside of the State of Texas in and for
Business Court of the State of Texas in and for Houston, Texas or the Texas State District
Court located in Houston, Texas with the same force and effect as if such service had been
made within the State of Texas in and for Business Court of the State of Texas in and for
Houston, Texas or the United States District Court or the Texas State District Court located
in Houston, Texas.

(c) To the extent that any Party or any of
its Affiliates has acquired, or hereafter may acquire, immunity from jurisdiction of any
court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment,
attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property,
such Party (on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates) hereby irrevocably (i) waives
such immunity in respect of its obligations with respect to this Agreement and (ii) submits
to the personal jurisdiction of any court described in Section 10.10(b). Further,
each Party waives any objection which it may have pertaining to improper venue or forum non-conveniens
to the conduct of any Proceeding in the foregoing courts. Each Party agrees that any and
all process directed to it in any such Proceeding may be served upon it outside of the State
of Texas in and for Business Court of the State of Texas in and for Houston, Texas or the
United States District Court located in Houston, Texas with the same force and effect as
if such service had been made within the State of Texas in and for Business Court of the
State of Texas in and for Houston, Texas or the United States District Court located in Houston, Texas.

65

(d) The Parties agree that a dispute under
this Agreement may raise issues that are common with one or more of the other Transaction
Documents or other documents executed by the Parties in connection herewith or which are
substantially the same or interdependent and interrelated or connected with issues raised
in a related dispute, controversy or claim between or among the Parties and their Affiliates.
Accordingly, any Party to a new Dispute under this Agreement may elect in writing within
fifteen (15) days after the initiation of a new Dispute to refer such new Dispute for resolution
by the applicable court together with any existing Dispute arising under this Agreement,
other Transaction Documents or other documents executed by the Parties in connection herewith
or which are substantially the same or interdependent and interrelated or connected. If the
applicable court does not determine to consolidate such new Dispute with the existing Dispute
within thirty (30) days of receipt of written request, then the new Dispute shall not be
consolidated, and the resolution of the new Dispute shall proceed separately.

(e) EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY VOLUNTARILY
AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT
IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

10.11 Waiver
of Special Damages. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, NO
PERSON SHALL BE ENTITLED TO LOST PROFITS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND BUYER AND SELLER, FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS RESPECTIVE MEMBERS
OF SELLER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES AND BUYER INDEMNIFIED PARTIES, RESPECTIVELY, HEREBY EXPRESSLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO LOST PROFITS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, OTHER THAN LOST PROFITS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY ANY THIRD PARTY FOR WHICH RESPONSIBILITY
IS ALLOCATED AMONG THE PARTIES UNDER THE TERMS HEREOF.

10.12 Time.
This Agreement contains a number of dates and times by which performance or the exercise
of rights is due, and the Parties intend that each and every such date and time be the firm
and final date and time, as agreed herein. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Party hereby
waives and relinquishes any right it might otherwise have to challenge its failure to meet
any performance or rights election date applicable to it on the basis that its late action
constitutes substantial performance, to require the other Party to show prejudice (except
as may expressly be set forth herein), or on any equitable grounds. If the date specified
in this Agreement for giving any notice or taking any action is not a Business Day (or if
the period during which any notice is required to be given or any action taken expires on
a date which is not a Business Day), then the date for giving such notice or taking such
action (and the expiration date of such period during which notice is required to be given
or action taken) shall be the next day which is a Business Day. Without limiting the foregoing,
time is of the essence in this Agreement.

66

10.13 No
Recourse. All claims, obligations, liabilities or causes of action (whether in contract
or in tort, in law or in equity or granted by statute) that may be based upon, in respect
of, arise under, out or by reason of, be connected with or relate in any manner to this Agreement,
or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any representation
or warranty made in, in connection with or as an inducement to, this Agreement) and the transactions
contemplated hereby, may be made only against (and such representations and warranties are
those solely of) the Parties and the Boren Partners (the Contracting Parties).
No Person who is not a Contracting Party, including any past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner (excluding the Boren Partners), manager,
equity holder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, representative or assignee of, and any financial
advisor or lender to, any Contracting Party, or any past, present or future director, officer,
employee, incorporator, member, partner, manager, equity holder, Affiliate, agent, attorney,
representative or assignee of, and any financial advisor or lender to, any of the foregoing
(collectively, the Nonparty Affiliates), shall have any liability (whether
in contract or in tort, in law or in equity, or granted by statute) for any claims, causes
of action, obligations or liabilities arising under, out of, in connection with or related
in any manner to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or based on, in respect
of or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution, performance or breach of
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and, to the maximum extent permitted
by Law, each Contracting Party hereby waives and releases all such liabilities, claims, causes
of action and obligations against any such Nonparty Affiliates. Without limiting the foregoing,
to the maximum extent permitted by Law, each Contracting Party disclaims any reliance upon
any Nonparty Affiliates with respect to the performance of this Agreement or any representation
or warranty made in connection with, or as an inducement to, this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Nonparty Affiliate is expressly intended
to be a third-party beneficiary with respect to this Section 10.13. This Section 10.13
shall not be effective as to Seller to the extent Seller makes any distribution to its
members, including any portion of the Purchase Price, that would violate any provision of
the Texas Business Organizations Code.

10.14 Relationship
of Buyers. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Buyer shall be jointly
and severally liable for the duties and obligations of each other Buyer under this Agreement
and any other Transaction Documents.

67

[Signature Pages Follow]

68

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the Parties as of the Execution Date.

SELLER:

BOREN MINERALS

By: /s/ Connie Arndt

Name: Connie Arndt

Title: Partner and Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement

BUYER:

KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS,
LP

By: Kimbell Royalty GP, LLC, its general
partner

By: /s/ Matthew S. Daly

Name: Matthew S. Daly

Title: Chief Operating Officer

KIMBELL
ROYALTY OPERATING, LLC

By: /s/ Matthew S. Daly

Name: Matthew S. Daly

Title: Chief Operating Officer

Signature Page to Purchase and Sale Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm251962d3_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NEWS
RELEASE

Kimbell Royalty
Partners, LP Announces $231 Million Midland Basin Acquisition in Cash and Unit Transaction1

Oil and
natural gas royalty interests located under the prolific Mabee Ranch in the Core of the Midland Basin on over 68,000 gross
acres

HIGHLIGHTS

Expected
to be immediately accretive to distributable cash flow per unit, with estimated acceleration
of accretion over the next 5 years

Targeted
oil and natural gas mineral and royalty interests located under the prolific Mabee Ranch in
the core of the Midland Basin, with approximately 875 gross producing wells on over 68,000
gross acres

World-class
E&P operators, including ConocoPhillips, Diamondback Energy and ExxonMobil

Anticipated
2025 average production of approximately 1,842 Boe per day (60% oil, 17% natural gas, 23%
NGL), generating an estimated $30.9 million of cash flow at strip pricing as of January 3,
2025 (reflects transaction multiple of approximately 7.5x)2

Expected
to increase daily production by approximately 8% and expected to decrease cash G&A per
Boe by approximately 7%3

Expected
to add 1.22 net DUCs and net permitted locations (net wells), an approximate
16% increase in Kimbells current major net well line of site inventory

Following
the transaction, Kimbell expects net wells needed to maintain flat production to modestly
increase from 5.8 net wells to 6.5 net wells

In
addition to net wells, the Seller portfolio is expected to add an estimated 6.06 net upside
locations, increasing Kimbells major net undrilled Permian inventory by approximately
19%

Builds
upon existing Permian Basin position, which remains Kimbells leading basin in terms
of production, active rig count, DUCs, permits and undrilled inventory

Maintains
conservative balance sheet metrics with expected pro forma net leverage of approximately
1.0x following transaction close4

1
Purchase price and related valuation metrics reflect Kimbells $16.45 per unit
closing price as of 1/03/2025.

2 Illustrative cash flow
multiple based on expected Q125 through Q425 production and average realized cash margin of $45.90 per Boe. Net realized
crude oil, natural gas and NGL prices to calculate cash margin $71.18, $1.83 and $20.63, respectively.

3 Based on Q4 2024 run-rate
daily production of Seller of 1,842 Boe/d (6:1), Kimbells Q3 2024 run-rate average daily production of 23,846 Boe/d (6:1), and
Kimbells Q3 2024 cash G&A of $2.57 per Boe.

4 Net leverage defined as
net debt / TTM consolidated Adjusted EBITDA.

Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP 
News Release

Page 2 

FORT WORTH,
Texas, January 7, 2025 Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP (NYSE: KRP) (Kimbell or the
Company), a leading owner of oil and gas mineral and royalty interests in approximately 17 million gross acres in 28
states, today announced that it has agreed to acquire mineral and royalty interests (the acquired assets) held by a
private seller (Seller) in a cash and unit transaction valued at approximately $231 million, subject to purchase price
adjustments and other customary closing adjustments (the Acquisition). Under the purchase agreement, Kimbell has the
option to pay the consideration entirely in cash or through a combination of $207 million in cash (approximately 90% of the total
consideration) and approximately 1.4 million common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP, which are valued at $24 million
(approximately 10% of the total consideration). The final mix of funding will be determined at closing.

Kimbell estimates
that, as of October 1, 2024, the acquired assets produce approximately 1,842 Boe/d (1,125 Bbl/d of oil, 410 Bbl/d of NGLs, and 1,842
Mcf/d of natural gas) (6:1).5 For the full year 2025, Kimbell estimates that the acquired assets will produce approximately
1,842 Boe/d (1,104 Bbl/d of oil, 424 Bbl/d of NGLs, and 1,881 Mcf/d of natural gas) (6:1). The acquired acreage is located on the historic
Mabee Ranch in the Midland Basin, with oil and gas minerals and royalty interests concentrated in Martin County (63%) and Andrews County
(37%). The Board of Directors of Kimbells general partner and the governing body of Seller have each approved the Acquisition,
which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The effective date of the Acquisition
is expected to be October 1, 2024.

Bob Ravnaas, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Kimbells general partner, said, the acquired assets are located on one of the largest family-owned
tracts in the heart of the Midland Basin, and enhance Kimbells Permian footprint with excellent reservoir quality, near-term cash
flow and long-term production growth. Headlined by PDP production from approximately 875 gross producing wells, excellent rig activity
and line of sight wells, premier E&P operators, and substantial undeveloped drilling inventory, the Acquisition is expected to be
immediately accretive to distributable cash flow per unit, with accelerated accretion anticipated in future years. Thanks to the Kimbell
team, and our advisors, for working diligently to consummate this mutually beneficial transaction.

Asset Highlights:
Acquisition offers Kimbell unitholders world-class exposure to the Midland Basin

Oil and gas mineral
and royalty interests located under the prolific Mabee Ranch, with approximately 869 Net Royalty
Acres6 spanning 68,049 gross acres

High
interest position with 1.2% average DSU Net Revenue Interest

Management
estimates 11.5 MMBoe in total proved reserves, reflecting a purchase price of approximately
$20.13 per total proved Boe

Expected
to strengthen Kimbells liquids weighting from 48% of daily production mix as of Q3
2024 to 51% of combined daily production mix

Following
the transaction, Kimbell expects to maintain peer-leading five-year PDP decline rate of approximately
14% 

5
Shown on 6:1 basis. Based on estimated Q4 2024 run-rate average daily production for
the acquired assets as of October 1, 2024, the effective date of the transaction.

6 6,953 Net Royalty Acres
normalized to 1/8th.

Kimbell Royalty
Partners, LP News Release

Page 3 

Clear
line of sight on development and production growth in future years supported by 76 gross
/ 0.95 net DUCs, 21 gross / 0.27 net permitted locations, and compelling undrilled inventory

Expected
to increase Kimbells total net DUC / net permitted location inventory by 16% to 9.06
net wells

Expected
to increase Kimbells Permian Basin net DUC / net permitted location inventory by 28%
to 5.55 net wells

Estimated
513 gross / 6.06 net upside locations expected to increase Kimbells total major net
drilling inventory by 8%, and to increase Kimbells major net drilling inventory in
the Permian Basin by 19% 

Attractive
growth profile in future years supported by superior rock quality and robust oil in place,
consistent rig activity and premier E&P operators

875
gross producing wells operated by Tier 1 E&P operators including ConocoPhillips, Diamondback
and ExxonMobil

ConocoPhillips
has continuous drilling clause ensuring development

Top
tier Midland Basin rock quality with stacked pay development in up to six economic reservoirs
spanning from Middle Spraberry to Barnett

2
rigs actively drilling on Seller acreage as of September 30, 2024

Kimbell Continues Its Role as a Leading
Consolidator in the U.S. Oil and Gas Royalty Sector

Assuming the Acquisition
is consummated as described in this news release, Kimbell is expected to have over 17 million gross acres, over 130,000 gross wells and
a total of 92 active rigs on its properties, which represents approximately 16%7 of the total active land rigs drilling in
the continental United States. In addition, over 97% of all rigs in the continental United States are located in counties where Kimbell
is expected to hold mineral interest positions following the consummation of the Acquisition.

Advisors

Citigroup served
as exclusive financial advisor and White & Case LLP acted as legal
counsel to Kimbell. TPH&Co., the energy business of Perella Weinberg Partners, served as exclusive financial advisor and MLT Aikins
LLP and Vinson & Elkins LP served as legal advisor to Seller.

About Kimbell Royalty Partners

Kimbell (NYSE:
KRP) is a leading oil and gas mineral and royalty company based in Fort Worth, Texas. Kimbell owns mineral and royalty interests in approximately
17 million gross acres in 28 states and in every major onshore basin in the continental United States, including ownership in more than
129,000 gross wells with over 50,000 wells in the Permian Basin. To learn more, visit http://www.kimbellrp.com. 

7
Based on Kimbell rig count of 90 and Seller rig count of 2 as of 9/30/2024, and Baker Hughes U.S. land rig count of 567 as of 9/27/2024.

Kimbell
Royalty Partners, LP News Release

Page 4 

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release
includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which include statements regarding the anticipated benefits of
the Acquisition, the expected timing of the closing of the Acquisition, and reserves, production and other operational data with respect
to the Acquisition, involve risks and uncertainties, including risks that the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition are not realized;
risks relating to Kimbells integration of the Acquisition assets; risks relating to the possibility that the Acquisition does
not close when expected or at all because any conditions to the closing are not satisfied on a timely basis or at all; and risks relating
to Kimbells business and prospects for growth and acquisitions. Except as required by law, Kimbell undertakes no obligation and
does not intend to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after this news release. When
considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in Kimbells
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These include risks inherent in oil and natural gas drilling
and production activities, including risks with respect to low or declining prices for oil and natural gas that could result in downward
revisions to the value of proved reserves or otherwise cause operators to delay or suspend planned drilling and completion operations
or reduce production levels, which would adversely impact cash flow; risks relating to the impairment of oil and natural gas properties;
risks relating to the availability of capital to fund drilling operations that can be adversely affected by adverse drilling results,
production declines and declines in oil and natural gas prices; risks relating to Kimbells ability to meet financial covenants
under its credit agreement or its ability to obtain amendments or waivers to effect such compliance; risks relating to Kimbells
hedging activities; risks of fire, explosion, blowouts, pipe failure, casing collapse, unusual or unexpected formation pressures, environmental
hazards, and other operating and production risks, which may temporarily or permanently reduce production or cause initial production
or test results to not be indicative of future well performance or delay the timing of sales or completion of drilling operations; risks
relating to delays in receipt of drilling permits; risks relating to unexpected adverse developments in the status of properties; risks
relating to borrowing base redeterminations by Kimbells lenders; risks relating to the absence or delay in receipt of government
approvals or third-party consents; risks relating to acquisitions, dispositions and drop downs of assets; risks relating to Kimbells
ability to realize the anticipated benefits from and to integrate acquired assets, including the assets acquired in the Acquisition;
and other risks described in Kimbells Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC, available at the SECs
website at www.sec.gov. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as
of the date of this news release.

Contact:

Rick
Black

Dennard Lascar Investor Relations

krp@dennardlascar.com

(713) 529-6600
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm251962d3_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Pro
Forma Statement of Operations

Year
Ended December 31, 2023 

Transaction 

Historical Accounting Pro
Forma 

Historical LongPoint Adjustments (excluding
TGR TGR Pro
Forma 

Kimbell 1/1/23
- 6/30/23 LongPoint Redemption) Redemption Combined 

Note
1 Note
2 

Revenue: 

Oil,
natural gas and NGL revenues $ 267,584,785 $ 32,745,000 $ 13,716,633 1a $ 314,046,418 $ - $ 314,046,418 

Lease
bonus and other income 5,594,855 16,862,000 - 22,456,855 - 22,456,855 

Loss
on commodity derivative instruments, net 20,888,972 - - 20,888,972 - 20,888,972 

Total
revenues 294,068,612 49,607,000 13,716,633 357,392,245 - 357,392,245 

- 

Costs and expenses - 

Production
and ad valorem taxes 20,326,477 3,105,000 - 23,431,477 - 23,431,477 

Depreciation
and depletion expense 96,477,003 5,277,000 10,643,660 1b 112,397,663 - 112,397,663 

Impairment
of oil and natural gas properties 18,220,173 - - 18,220,173 - 18,220,173 

Marketing
and other deductions 12,564,619 2,207,000 (703,262 ) 1c 14,068,357 - 14,068,357 

General
and administrative expense 35,677,851 - - 35,677,851 - 35,677,851 

Consolidated
variable interest entities related: - 

General
and administrative expense 927,699 - - 927,699 (927,699 ) - 

Total
costs and expenses 184,193,822 10,589,000 9,940,398 204,723,220 (927,699 ) 203,795,521 

Operating Income 109,874,790 39,018,000 3,776,235 152,669,025 927,699 153,596,724 

Other income (expense) - 

Interest
expense (25,950,600 ) (466,000 ) (8,363,022 ) 1d (34,779,622 ) - (34,779,622 )

Loss on
extinguishment of debt (480,244 ) - - (480,244 ) - (480,244 )

Other
Income (180,765 ) 284,000 - 103,235 - 103,235 

Consolidated
variable interest entities related: - 

Interest
earned on marketable securities in trust account 3,508,691 - - 3,508,691 (3,508,691 ) - 

Net income before income
taxes 86,771,872 38,836,000 (4,586,787 ) 121,021,085 (2,580,992 ) 118,440,093 

Income
tax (benefit) expense 3,766,302 170,000 (199,088 ) 1e 3,737,214 (112,027 ) 3,625,187 

Net Income 83,005,570 38,666,000 (4,387,699 ) 117,283,871 (2,468,965 ) 114,814,906 

Distribution
and accretion on Series A preferred units (6,310,215 ) - - (6,310,215 ) - (6,310,215 )

Net income
and distributions and accretion on Series A preferred units attributable to noncontrolling interests in OpCo (16,464,890 ) - - (16,464,890 ) - (16,464,890 )

Distribution
on Class B units (88,786 ) - - (88,786 ) - (88,786 )

Net
income attributable to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP $ 60,141,679 $ 38,666,000 $ (4,387,699 ) $ 94,419,980 $ (2,468,965 ) $ 91,951,015 

Net Income per unit attributable
to common units of Kimbell Royalty Partners LP 

Basic $ 0.93 $ 1.50 

Diluted $ 0.91 $ 1.34 

Weighted average number of common units outstanding 

Basic 66,595,273 66,595,273 

Diluted 93,057,731 93,057,731 

NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1 - LongPoint Transaction Accounting Adjustments Statement
of Operations

The unaudited pro forma statement of operations has been adjusted
to reflect the assets acquired from the Acquisition and has been prepared for informational purposes only. The results of operations
and financial position of LongPoint are included in the consolidated financial statements of Kimbell after September 13, 2023, the
Closing Date of the LongPoint Acquisition (the "Acquisition").

a) Represents historical royalty
income derived from the acquired mineral and royalty interests for the period July 1,
2023, through September 13, 2022, totaling $13.7 million.

b) Represents the increase in depletion
expense computed on a unit of production basis following the preliminary purchase price allocation
to proved oil and natural gas properties, as if the Acquisition was consummated on January 1,
2023. Of the $455.8 million estimated fair value of proved oil and natural gas properties
acquired, only $198.2 million were subject to depletion in the period presented.

c) Reflects the removal of $0.7
million of historical direct marketing expense activity related to LongPoint that is unrelated
to the acquired oil and gas properties.

d) Represents the increase to interest
expense resulting from the interest on the additional borrowings under the Partnerships
existing credit facility that were used to finance the Acquisition. The Partnerships
credit facility bears interest at SOFR plus a margin of 3.5% or the ABR plus a margin of
2.50%. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2023 used the weighted average interest of 8.52% on the net outstanding
borrowings of $140.5 million. A 1/8 of a percent point increase or decrease in the benchmark
rate would not have a material impact on the pro forma interest expense in the period presented.

e) For the year ended December 31,
2023, reflects estimated incremental income tax benefit associated with the Partnerships
historical statement of operations, using an effective tax rate of approximately 4.34% on
net earnings from the Acquisition.

Note 2 - Redemption of Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation

On May 22, 2023, as a result of TGRs inability to consummate
an initial business combination, TGR redeemed all of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock included as part of the units
issued in its initial public offering. Following such redemption, TGR (along with TGRs Sponsor, Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Sponsor,
LLC) was dissolved in accordance with the terms of its organizational documents. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations reflects the TGR redemption as if it occurred on January 1, 2023. The pro forma adjustments include:

The
derecognition of general and administrative expense of approximately $0.9 million for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2023;

The
derecognition of interest expense on marketable securities of approximately $3.5 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023; and

The
derecognition of income tax benefit of approximately $0.1 million for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2023.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>krp-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>krp-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>krp-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm251962d3_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 1-38005

Entity Registrant Name Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP

Entity Central Index Key 0001657788

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-5505475

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 777 Taylor Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 810

Entity Address, City or Town Fort Worth

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76102

City Area Code 817

Local Phone Number 945-9700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Units Representing Limited Partnership Interests

Trading Symbol KRP

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://kimbellrp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

krp-20250107.xsd 
krp-20250107_lab.xml 
krp-20250107_pre.xml 
tm251962d3_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001678-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm251962d3_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001657788 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001657788 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
Kimbell Royalty Partners, LP 
DE 
1-38005 
47-5505475 
777 Taylor Street 
Suite 810 
Fort Worth 
TX 
76102 
817 
945-9700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units Representing Limited Partnership Interests 
KRP 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>