<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002296.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002296.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401170023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002296
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CXApp Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001820875
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				852104918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39642
		FILM NUMBER:		25800638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOUR PALO ALTO SQUARE, SUITE 200
		STREET 2:		3000 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 999-4009

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOUR PALO ALTO SQUARE, SUITE 200
		STREET 2:		3000 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KINS Technology Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200812
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cxapp_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000182087500018208752025-03-262025-03-260001820875cxai:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-262025-03-260001820875cxai:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember2025-03-262025-03-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 1, 2025 (March 26, 2025)

CXApp Inc.

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39642 85-2104918

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

Four Palo Alto Square, Suite 200

3000 El Camino Real

California, CA 94306

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(650)785-7171

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share CXAI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants to purchase common stock CXAIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities
Purchase Agreement with Avondale Capital, LLC

On
March 26, 2025, CXApp Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with Avondale Capital, LLC (Avondale), pursuant to which the Company may (i) issue and sell one or more pre-paid purchase
agreements, in the form substantially similar to the exhibit attached thereto (each, a Pre-Paid Purchase), up to an aggregate
purchase amount of $20,000,000.00 (the Commitment Amount) for shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Common Stock), on the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in each Pre-Paid Purchase,
(ii) issue and sell the initial Pre-Paid Purchase in the principal amount of $4,200,000.00 (the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase),
and (iii) deliver 80,000 shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares) to Avondale at closing.

Under
the Purchase Agreement, each Pre-Paid Purchase consists of a principal balance upon which Avondale, at its option, may require the Company
to issue shares of Common Stock (Purchase Shares), from time to time, in satisfaction of all or part of the outstanding
balance of such Pre-Paid Purchase. The Company will deliver these Purchase Shares at a per-share purchase price set forth in the Pre-Paid
Purchase (the Purchase Share Purchase Price), subject to a defined floor price and other conditions. Each Pre-Paid Purchase
is a separate instrument with its own outstanding balance and holding period.

Initial
Pre-Paid Purchase.

The
Initial Pre-Paid Purchase in the principal amount of $4,200,000.00 carries an original issue discount of $200,000.00 (OID)
and an additional transaction expense amount of $10,000.00 to cover Avondales legal, administrative, and due diligence costs (the
Transaction Expense Amount). Therefore, the net amount funded to the Company on the initial closing date was $4,000,000.00.
Along with the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase, the Company issued 80,000 Commitment Shares to Avondale.

Under
the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase, if Avondale elects to receive Purchase Shares, the Purchase Share Purchase Price will be determined as
the lower of (i) 120% of the Nasdaq-defined Minimum Price on the trading day immediately prior to the closing date of the
Pre-Paid Purchase, or (ii) 91% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price during the ten consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the relevant purchase notice date, subject to a floor price equal to 20% of the Nasdaq Minimum Price.

Additional
Pre-Paid Purchases.

So
long as certain conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement are satisfied, including minimum trading volume thresholds and the receipt
of shareholder approval to exceed applicable Nasdaq limitations, the Company may request one or more additional Pre-Paid Purchases. Each
subsequent Pre-Paid Purchase will have (i) an original issue discount of five percent (5%) of the requested amount, (ii) no additional
transaction expense beyond that initial $10,000.00, (iii) a floor price equal to 20% of the applicable Minimum Price, and (iv) a fixed
price component capped at 120% of the Minimum Price on the closing day for such Pre-Paid Purchase. The Company retains the discretion
to draw or to forego any Pre-Paid Purchases beyond the initial closing.

Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5635(d) Limitation.

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, unless and until the Company obtains requisite stockholder approval as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d),
the total cumulative number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued to Avondale under all Pre-Paid Purchases cannot exceed the numerical
threshold required by that rule (the Exchange Cap). If the Company does not obtain such approval at its upcoming annual
meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, any remaining outstanding balance above the Exchange Cap under any Pre-Paid Purchase
must be satisfied in cash. The Purchase Agreement also contains standard beneficial ownership limitations preventing Avondale from exceeding
9.99% beneficial ownership of the Companys outstanding Common Stock.

1 

Registration
Obligations.

The
Company has agreed to file a registration statement covering the resale of at least 18,500,000 shares (including the Commitment Shares
and those potentially issuable under the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) within 30 days following the initial closing. Additional registration
obligations may be triggered if the Company elects to draw any subsequent Pre-Paid Purchases, such that the full $20,000,000.00 of the
Commitment Amount (including all shares issuable thereunder) is registered for resale. This summary specifically covers the Commitment
Shares and the shares underlying the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase. Any subsequent Pre-Paid Purchase or shares issuable thereunder will be
registered pursuant to new or amended registration statements if and when such Pre-Paid Purchases occur.

Use
of Proceeds.

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from any Pre-Paid Purchases primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes, as
detailed in the applicable registration statement and in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The Company is not obligated
to request any Pre-Paid Purchase beyond the initial one.

Potential
Dilutive Effects.

Depending
on market conditions and other factors, issuances of Common Stock under the Pre-Paid Purchases may result in substantial dilution to
existing shareholders. The amount of dilution will depend on various factors, including the number of shares ultimately issued and the
applicable Purchase Share Purchase Price at the time of each conversion.

No
additional issuance of Common Stock under the Purchase Agreement would occur if it would exceed the Exchange Cap under Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5635(d) absent the required stockholder approval. The Company has committed to seeking this approval on or before May 31, 2025,
and if not obtained, it will continue seeking such approval every 90 days until the approval is secured or the Pre-Paid Purchase outstanding
balance is otherwise satisfied in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.

This
description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
10.1 and also is incorporated herein by reference.

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The expectations, estimates, and projections of the Company may differ from its actual results
and consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Words such as expect,
estimate, project, budget, forecast, anticipate, intend,
plan, may, will, could, should, believes, predicts,
potential, continue, or the negative or other variations thereof and similar expressions are intended to
identify such forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, expectations with respect to
future performance of the Company, including projected financial information (which is not audited or reviewed by the Companys
auditors), and the future plans, operations and opportunities for the Company and other statements that are not historical facts. These
statements are based on the current expectations of the Companys management and are not predictions of actual performance. These
forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from
the expected results. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
our business, operations, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity for the foreseeable future; the demand for
the Companys services together with the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or
competitive factors or changes in the business environment in which the Company operates; changes in consumer preferences or the market
for the Companys services; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the availability or competition for opportunities for expansion
of the Companys business; difficulties of managing growth profitably; the loss of one or more members of the Companys management
team; loss of a major customer and other risks and uncertainties included from time to time in the Companys reports (including
all amendments to those reports) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of factors
is not exclusive. You should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The
Company does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statements to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement
is based, except as required by law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Companys assessments
as of any date subsequent to the date of this communication.

2 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Exhibit
Title

10.1+ Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 26, 2025 between CXApp Inc. and Avondale Capital, LLC

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

+ The
annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item
601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy
of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC uon request.

3 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CXApp Inc.

Date: April 1, 2025 By: /s/ Khurram P. Sheikh

Name: Khurram P. Sheikh

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cxapp_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Securities Purchase Agreement

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 26, 2025, is entered into by and between CXApp Inc., a Delaware corporation (Company), and Avondale Capital, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, its successors and/or assigns (Investor). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings set forth in Section 11.

A. Company and Investor are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon
an exemption from securities registration afforded by the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the 1933 Act), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

B. Investor desires to purchase and Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement: (i) one or more Pre-Paid Purchases, in form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, a Pre-Paid Purchase), in the aggregate purchase amount of up to $20,000,000.00 (the Commitment Amount), for the purchase of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of Company (the Common Shares), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such
Pre-Paid Purchase; and (ii) 80,000 Common Shares to be delivered by Company to Investor at Closing (as defined below) (the Commitment Shares).

C. This Agreement, the Pre-Paid Purchase(s), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below), and all other certificates, documents, agreements, resolutions and instruments delivered
to any party under or in connection with this Agreement, as the same may be amended
from time to time, are collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents.

D. For purposes of this Agreement: Purchase Shares means all Common Shares issuable pursuant to the Pre-Paid Purchases; and Securities means the Pre-Paid Purchase(s), the Commitment Shares and the Purchase Shares.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Company and Investor
hereby agree as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1. Purchase of Initial Pre-Paid Purchase and Commitment Shares. Company shall issue and sell to Investor and Investor shall purchase from Company
the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase (as defined below) and the Commitment Shares. In consideration thereof, Investor shall pay the Initial Purchase Price (as defined below) to Company for the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase and the Commitment Shares. Company shall issue the Commitment Shares to Investor at Closing.

1.2. Form of Payment. On the Closing Date, Investor shall pay the Initial Purchase Price to Company via wire transfer of immediately available funds against
delivery of Pre-Paid Purchase #1 in the original principal amount of $4,200,000.00 (the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) and the Commitment Shares.

1.3. Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions set forth in Section
7 and Section 8 below, the date of the issuance and sale of the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be March 26, 2025, or another mutually agreed upon date. The closing of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing Date by means of the exchange by email of signed .pdf documents, but shall
be deemed for all purposes to have occurred at the offices of Hansen Black Anderson
Ashcraft PLLC in Lehi, Utah.

1.4. Collateral for Pre-Paid Purchases. The Pre-Paid Purchases shall be unsecured.

1.5. Original Issue Discount; Transaction Expense Amount. The Initial Pre-Paid Purchase carries an original issue discount of $200,000.00 (OID). In addition, Company agrees to pay $10,000.00 to Investor to cover Investors legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase (Transaction Expense Amount). The OID for the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase will be included in the initial principal balance of the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase, and the Transaction Expense Amount for the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase will be deducted from the amount funded at Closing. The Initial Purchase Price, therefore, shall be $4,000,000.00, computed as follows: $4,200,000.00 initial principal balance, less the OID. The OID for subsequent Pre-Paid Purchases after the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase will be five percent (5%) of the amount set forth in the applicable Request (as defined below), and have no additional Transaction Expense Amount.

1.6. Request for Pre-Paid Purchase. The parties hereby agree that Company may, at its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, subject to the satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto, request a Pre-Paid Purchase in an amount no less than the Minimum Purchase Amount and no greater than the Maximum Purchase Amount from Investor by providing a written notice of such request to Investor (each, a Request). The closing of each Pre-Paid Purchase shall take place on or before the tenth (10th) Trading Day (as defined in the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) following the date of such Request, or such earlier date as may be agreed by Investor (the date of the closing of each Pre-Paid Purchase shall be referred to as the Pre-Paid Purchase Date). Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto as of such Pre-Paid Purchase Date, Investor shall pay to Company the amount set forth in such Request (which amount shall serve as the purchase price of such Pre-Paid Purchase) in immediately available funds to an account designated by Company in writing on each Pre-Paid Purchase Date (except in respect of the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase, which shall be paid at Closing) immediately following delivery of the applicable fully executed Pre-Paid Purchase in a form substantially similar to the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase except as noted in this Section 1.6, and transmit notification to Company that such funds transfer has been requested, and Company will issue the applicable Pre-Paid Purchase using the same form as the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase. With respect to each Pre-Paid Purchase issued hereunder after the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase: (i) the Floor Price (as defined in the applicable Pre-Paid Purchase) of such Pre-Paid Purchase will be twenty percent (20%) of the Nasdaq Minimum Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Pre-Paid Purchase Date; and (ii) the Fixed Price (as defined in the applicable Pre-Paid Purchase) of such Pre-Paid Purchase will be one hundred twenty percent (120%) of the Nasdaq Minimum Price on the Trading
Day immediately prior to Pre-Paid Purchase Date. Each Pre-Paid Purchase will be considered a separate instrument with a separate outstanding balance and
holding period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, including but not limited
to the stipulation under Section 11.2, Company may determine, at its sole and absolute discretion, that it no longer
wishes to request a Pre-Paid Purchase. For avoidance of any doubt, Company shall be under no obligation whatsoever to request
any Pre-Paid Purchases other than the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase.

2. Investors Representations and Warranties. Investor represents and warrants to Company that as of the Closing Date: (i) this
Agreement has been duly and validly authorized; (ii) this Agreement constitutes a
valid and binding agreement of Investor enforceable in accordance with its terms;
and (iii) Investor is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the 1933 Act.

2

3. Companys Representations and Warranties. Company represents and warrants to Investor that as of the Closing Date: (i) Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its state of incorporation and has the requisite corporate power to own
its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted; (ii) Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
where the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary; (iii) Company has registered its Common Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), and is obligated to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the 1934 Act; (iv) each of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
have been duly and validly authorized by Company and all necessary actions have been
taken; (v) this Agreement, the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase, the Registration Rights Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by Company
and constitute the valid and binding obligations of Company enforceable in accordance
with their terms; (vi) the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by Company, the issuance
of the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, and the consummation by Company of
the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents do not and will not
conflict with or result in a breach by Company of any of the terms or provisions of,
or constitute a default under (a) Companys formation documents or bylaws, each as currently in effect, (b) any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, or other material agreement or instrument to which Company is a party
or by which it or any of its properties or assets are bound, including, without limitation,
any listing agreement for the Common Shares, or (c) any existing applicable law, rule, or regulation or any applicable decree,
judgment, or order of any court, United States federal, state or foreign regulatory
body, administrative agency, or other governmental body having jurisdiction over Company
or any of Companys properties or assets; (vii) no further authorization, approval or consent of any court, governmental body, regulatory
agency, self-regulatory organization, or stock exchange or market or the stockholders
or any lender of Company is required to be obtained by Company for the issuance of
the Securities to Investor or the entering into of the Transaction Documents; (viii) none of Companys filings with the SEC contained, at the time they were filed, any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading; (ix) with the exception of the 10-K annual report for the year ending December 31, 2023, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
documents required to be filed by Company with the SEC under the 1934 Act on a timely
basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such
report, schedule, form, statement or other document prior to the expiration of any
such extension; (x) there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court,
public board or body pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against or
affecting Company before or by any governmental authority or non-governmental department,
commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality or any other person, wherein
an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would have a material adverse effect on
Company or which would adversely affect the validity or enforceability of, or the
authority or ability of Company to perform its obligations under, any of the Transaction
Documents; (xi) Company has not consummated any financing transaction that has not been disclosed
in a periodic filing or current report with the SEC under the 1934 Act; (xii) Company is not, nor has it been at any time in the previous twelve (12) months, a
Shell Company, as such type of issuer is described in Rule 144(i)(1) under the 1933 Act; (xiii) with respect to any commissions, placement agent or finders fees or similar payments that will or would become due and owing by Company to any
person or entity as a result of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby
(Broker Fees), any such Broker Fees will be made in full compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations and only to a person or entity that is a registered investment adviser
or registered broker-dealer; (xiv) Investor shall have no obligation with respect to any Broker Fees or with respect
to any claims made by or on behalf of other persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this subsection that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each of Investor, Investors employees, officers, directors, stockholders, members, managers, agents, and partners,
and their respective affiliates, from and against all claims, losses, damages, costs
(including the costs of preparation and attorneys fees) and expenses suffered in respect of any such claimed Broker Fees; (xv) neither Investor nor any of its officers, directors, stockholders, members, managers,
employees, agents or representatives has made any representations or warranties to
Company or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives except
as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents and, in making its decision to
enter into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, Company is
not relying on any representation, warranty, covenant or promise of Investor or its
officers, directors, members, managers, employees, agents or representatives other
than as set forth in the Transaction Documents; (xvi) Company acknowledges that the State of Utah has a reasonable relationship and sufficient
contacts to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and any dispute
that may arise related thereto such that the laws and venue of the State of Utah,
as set forth more specifically in Section 12.2 below, shall be applicable to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
therein; (xvii) Company acknowledges that Investor is not registered as a dealer under the 1934 Act; (xviii) Company has performed due diligence and background research on Investor and its affiliates
and has received and reviewed the due diligence packet provided by Investor; and (xix) Company agrees that each Pre-Paid Purchase issued hereunder will be deemed to be a security under the 1933 Act for all purposes and agrees not to take a contrary position in any document, statement, setting, or situation. Company, being aware of the matters and legal issues described in subsections (xvii) and (xviii) above, acknowledges and agrees that such matters, or any similar matters, have no bearing
on the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and covenants and agrees it will not use any such information or legal theory as a defense
to performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents or in any attempt to avoid, modify, reduce, rescind or void
such obligations.

3

4. Company Covenants. Until all of Companys obligations under all of the Transaction Documents are paid and performed in full,
or within the timeframes otherwise specifically set forth below, Company will at all
times comply with the following covenants: (i) so long as Investor beneficially owns any of the Securities and for at least twenty
(20) Trading Days thereafter, Company will remain in good standing with Nasdaq and timely file on the applicable deadline all reports required to be filed with the SEC
pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act, and will take all reasonable action under its control
to ensure that adequate current public information with respect to Company, as required
in accordance with Rule 144 of the 1933 Act, is publicly available, and will not terminate its status as an
issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act even if the 1934 Act or the rules
and regulations thereunder would permit such termination; (ii) when issued, the Commitment Shares and the Purchase Shares will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid for and non-assessable, free
and clear of all liens, claims, charges and encumbrances; (iii) the Common Shares shall be listed or quoted for trading on NYSE, NYSE American, or remain listed on Nasdaq; (iv) trading in Companys Common Shares will not be suspended, halted, chilled, frozen, reach zero bid or otherwise cease
trading on Companys principal trading market; (v) Company will not make any Restricted Issuance (as defined below) without Investors prior written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in Investors sole and absolute discretion; and (vi) Company shall not enter into any agreement or otherwise agree to any covenant, condition,
or obligation that locks up, restricts in any way or otherwise prohibits Company:
(a) from entering into a variable rate transaction with Investor or any affiliate
of Investor, or (b) from issuing Common Shares, preferred stock, warrants, convertible notes, other debt securities, or any other Company securities to Investor or any affiliate
of Investor. For purposes hereof, the term Restricted Issuance means the issuance, incurrence or guaranty of any debt obligations other than trade payables or intercompany debt incurred in the ordinary course of business, or the issuance of any securities that (1) have
or may have conversion rights of any kind, contingent, conditional or otherwise, in
which the number of shares that may be issued pursuant to such conversion right varies
with the market price of the Common Shares, (2) are or may become convertible into Common Shares (including without limitation convertible debt, warrants or convertible preferred
shares), with a conversion price that varies with the market price of the Common Shares, even if such security only becomes convertible following an event of default, the
passage of time, or another trigger event or condition; or (3) have a fixed conversion
price, exercise price or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date at any time after the initial issuance of such debt
or equity security (A) due to a change in the market price of Companys Common Shares since the date of the initial issuance or (B) upon the occurrence of specified or
contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of Company (including, without limitation, any full ratchet or weighted average anti-dilution
provisions, but not including any standard anti-dilution protection for any reorganization,
recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction). For the avoidance of doubt, the issuance of Common Shares under, pursuant to, in exchange for or in connection with any contract or instrument,
whether convertible or not, is deemed a Restricted Issuance for purposes hereof if
the number of Common Shares to be issued is based upon or related in any way to the market price of the Common Shares, including, but not limited to, Common Shares issued in connection with a Section 3(a)(9) exchange, a Section 3(a)(10) settlement, or any other similar settlement or exchange. For the further avoidance
of doubt, Common Shares issued pursuant to any of the following will not be considered Restricted Issuances: (i) ATM facilities, (ii) primary offerings without variable price mechanics, or (iii) issuances of Common Shares in settlement of warrants issued by Company
in its initial public offering on December 15, 2020.

4

5. Additional Covenants. Company covenants with Investor as follows, which covenants are for the benefit of Investor during the Commitment Period:

5.1. Registration Statement.

(a) The Registration Statement. Company will file, in accordance with the provisions of the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, with the SEC within thirty (30) days from the Closing Date a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Initial Registration Statement) registering at least 18,500,000 Common Shares for the Commitment Shares and issuances pursuant to the Pre-Paid Purchases, including a base prospectus, with respect to the issuance and sale of securities
by Company, including Common Shares, which contains, among other things a Plan of Distribution
section disclosing the methods by which Company may sell the Common Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, the Initial
Registration Statement, as amended when it becomes effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference
therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus subsequently filed
with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) (a Prospectus) under the 1933 Act or deemed to be a part of the Initial Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the 1933 Act, is herein called the Registration Statement. Following Company receiving Approval (as defined below) for issuances of Common Shares to exceed the Exchange Cap (as defined below) Company will file one or more Registration Statements as necessary to have sufficient
Common Shares registered to accommodate the full Commitment Amount. Following effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement, Company will use reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement at all times Investor owns any of the Securities.

(b) Initial Disclosure. Promptly after the execution of the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase, Company shall file with the SEC a current report on Form 8-K or such other appropriate form
as determined by counsel to Company (the Current Report), relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement disclosing all information relating to the transaction contemplated hereby required
to be disclosed therein.

(c) Delivery of Final Documents. Company shall furnish to Investor without charge, (i) at least one copy of each Registration Statement as declared
effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements
and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, all exhibits and each
preliminary prospectus, (ii) at the request of Investor, at least one copy of the final prospectus included in such Registration Statement
and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents as Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of
the Common Shares owned by Investor pursuant to a Registration Statement. Filing of the foregoing with the SEC via its EDGAR system shall satisfy the requirements of this Section.

5

(d) Amendments and Other Filings. Company shall (i) prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a Registration Statement
and the related prospectus used in connection with such Registration Statement, and
(ii) all Periodic Reports as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective at all times during
the Commitment Period.

(e) Blue-Sky. To the extent legally required, Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, if required by Applicable Laws, (i) register and qualify the Common Shares covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Commitment Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Commitment Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Common Shares for sale in such jurisdictions. Company shall promptly notify Investor of the receipt by Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

5.2. Listing of Common Shares. As of each Purchase Notice Date, Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shares to be listed on
the Principal Market.

5.3. Notice of Certain Events Affecting Registration; Suspension of Right to Request a
Pre-Paid Purchase. Company will promptly notify Investor, and confirm in writing, upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the
following events in respect of a Registration Statement or related Prospectus (in
each of which cases the information provided to Investor will be kept strictly confidential):
(i) except for requests made in connection with SEC investigations, receipt of any
request for additional information by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or any request for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement
or related Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the SEC or any other federal governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii)
receipt of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or
exemption from qualification of any of the Common Shares for sale in any jurisdiction
or the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the happening
of any event that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or related
Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference
untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration
Statement, related Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration
Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, and that in the case of the related Prospectus, it will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or of the necessity
to amend the Registration Statement or supplement a related Prospectus to comply with
the 1933 Act or any other law; (v) Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
would be appropriate and Company will promptly make available to Investor any such supplement or amendment to the related Prospectus. Investor shall not deliver to Company any Purchase Notice, and Company shall not sell any Shares pursuant to any pending Purchase Notice, during the continuation
of any of the foregoing events (each of the events described in the immediately preceding
clauses (i) through (v), inclusive, a Material Outside Event). Company shall be obligated to cure any Material Outside Event within ten (10) Trading Days. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein this paragraph, consistent
with Section 5.8, the Company may not disclose to the Investor any material information not yet publicly
available or disclosed to other shareholders.

6

5.4. Market Activities. Company will not, directly or indirectly, take any action designed to cause or result in,
or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the manipulation
of the price of any security of Company under Regulation M of the 1934 Act.

5.5. Current Report. From and after the filing of the Current Report with the SEC, Company shall have publicly disclosed all material, nonpublic information delivered to Investor (or Investors representatives or agents) by Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or
representatives (if any) in connection with Company and any of its subsidiaries. Company understands and confirms that Investor will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting resales of Purchase Shares under the Registration Statement.

5.6. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds from Pre-Paid Purchases paid to Company by Investor or from the sale of the Purchase Shares by Company to Investor shall be used by Company in the manner as will be set forth in the Registration Statement (and any post-effective
amendment thereto) thereto filed pursuant to this Agreement, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

5.7. No Frustration. Company shall not enter into, announce or recommend to its stockholders any agreement, plan,
arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially
delay, conflict with or impair the ability or right of Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party,
including, without limitation, the obligation of Company to deliver the Purchase Shares to Investor in respect of a Purchase Notice.

5.8. Material Non-Public Information. Company covenants and agrees that, other than with Investors prior consent, it shall refrain from disclosing, and shall cause its officers, directors,
employees and agents to refrain from disclosing, any material non-public information
(as determined under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, or the rules and regulations of the SEC) to Investor without also disseminating such information to the public within a reasonable time
period thereafter, unless prior to disclosure of such information Company identifies such information as being material non-public information and provides
Investor with the opportunity to accept or refuse to accept such material non-public information
for review.

5.9. Exchange Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, Company and Investor agree that the total cumulative
number of Common Shares issued to Investor under all Pre-Paid Purchases together with all other Transaction Documents may not exceed the requirements of
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) (the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation will not apply following Approval (defined below).
At Companys next annual meeting, but in no event later than May 31, 2025, Company will seek stockholder approval of all Pre-Paid Purchases that have been or may be issued hereunder covering the full Commitment Amount and the issuance of Purchase Shares under all Pre-Paid Purchases in excess of the Exchange Cap (the Approval). If Company is unable to obtain such Approval: (a) it will continue seeking Approval
every 90 days until the Approval is obtained; and (b) any remaining Pre-Paid Purchase Outstanding Balance after reaching the Exchange Cap must be repaid in cash. For the avoidance of doubt,
failure to obtain the Approval shall not be considered a breach of this Agreement.

7

6. Indemnification.

6.1. Indemnification by Company. In consideration of Investors execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Pre-Paid Purchases hereunder, and in addition to all of Companys other obligations under this Agreement, Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless Investor and its officers, directors, managers, members, partners, employees and agents (including,
without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement) and each person who controls Investor within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act (collectively, the Investor Indemnitees) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses,
costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable and documented expenses
in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Investor Indemnitee is a
party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including
reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities), incurred by Investor Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in the Registration Statement for the registration of the Purchase Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus, or
in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon
the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage
or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to Company by or on behalf of Investor specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any material misrepresentation or breach of any material representation or material
warranty made by Company in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby
or thereby; or (c) any material breach of any material covenant, material agreement
or material obligation of Company contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by Company may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the
Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Laws. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the mechanics and procedures with respect to
the rights and obligations under this Section 6.1 (Indemnification by Company) shall be the same as those set forth in Section 6 of the Registration Rights Agreement.

6.2. Indemnification by Investor. In consideration of Companys execution and delivery of this Agreement, and in addition to all of Investors other obligations under this Agreement, Investor shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless Company and all of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (including,
without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement) and each person who controls Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act (collectively, the Company Indemnitees) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by Company Indemnitees or any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a)
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the
Registration Statement for the registration of the Purchase Shares as originally filed or in any amendment thereof, or in any related prospectus,
or in any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon
the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however,
that Investor will only be liable for written information relating to Investor furnished to Company by or on behalf of Investor specifically for inclusion in the documents referred to in the foregoing indemnity,
and will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage
or liability arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission made therein in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to Investor by or on behalf of Company specifically for inclusion therein; (b) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation
or warranty made by Investor in this Agreement or any instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby executed
by Investor; or (c) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of Investor contained in this Agreement or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated
hereby or thereby executed by Investor. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by Investor may be unenforceable under Applicable Laws, Investor shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the
Indemnified Liabilities, which is permissible under Applicable Laws. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the mechanics and procedures with respect to
the rights and obligations under this Section 6.2 (Indemnification by Investor) shall be the same as those set forth in Section 6 of the Registration Rights Agreement.

8

6.3. Notice of Claims. Promptly after receipt by an Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee of notice of
the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or
proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee, as applicable, shall, if a claim for an Indemnified Liability in respect
thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof;
but the failure to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it of liability
under this Section 6 except to the extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced by such failure. The indemnifying
party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying
party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to
assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually reasonably satisfactory
to the indemnifying party and Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, as the case may be; provided, however, that an
Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel
with the actual and reasonable third party fees and expenses of not more than one
counsel for such Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee to be paid by the indemnifying
party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party,
the representation by such counsel of Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate
due to actual or potential differing interests between such Investor Indemnitee or
Company Indemnitee and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party
in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying
party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available
to Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying
party shall keep Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee reasonably apprised as to the status of the defense
or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be
liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its
prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably
withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the
prior written consent of Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into
any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term
thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Investor Indemnitee or Company
Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.
Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall
be subrogated to all rights of Investor Indemnitee or Company Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations
relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The indemnification
required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received and payment therefor is due.

7. Conditions to Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of Company hereunder to issue and sell the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase to Investor at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing
Date, of each of the following conditions:

7.1. Investor shall have executed this Agreement, the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase and the Registration Rights Agreement and delivered the same to Company.

7.2. Investor shall have delivered the Initial Purchase Price to Company in accordance with Section 1.2 above.

9

8. Conditions to Investors Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of Investor hereunder to purchase the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing Date, of
each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for Investors sole benefit and may be waived by Investor at any time in its sole discretion:

8.1. Company shall have executed this Agreement and the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase and delivered the same to Investor.

8.2. Company shall have issued the Commitment Shares to Investor.

8.3. Company shall have executed a Registration Rights Agreement in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement) and delivered the same to Investor.

8.4. Company shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Irrevocable Letter of Instructions
to Transfer Agent (the TA Letter) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C acknowledged and agreed to in writing by Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent).

8.5. Company shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Officers Certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D evidencing Companys approval of the Transaction Documents.

8.6. Company shall have delivered to Investor a fully executed Share Issuance Resolution
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E to be delivered to the Transfer Agent.

8.7. Company shall have delivered to Investor fully executed copies of all other Transaction
Documents required to be executed by Company herein or therein.

9. Reservation of Shares. On the date hereof, Company will reserve 18,500,000 Common Shares from its authorized and unissued Common Shares to provide for all issuances of Common Shares under this Agreement and all Pre-Paid Purchases (the Share Reserve). Company further agrees following receipt of the Approval to add additional Common Shares to the Share Reserve in increments of 100,000 shares as and when requested by Investor if as of the date of any such request the
number of shares being held in the Share Reserve is less than three (3) times the
number of Common Shares equal to the Pre-Paid Purchase Outstanding Balance divided by the Purchase Share Purchase Price (as defined in the Pre-Paid Purchases). Company shall further require the Transfer Agent to hold the Common Shares reserved pursuant to the Share Reserve exclusively for the benefit of Investor and
to issue such shares to Investor promptly upon Investors delivery of a Purchase Notice under the Pre-Paid Purchase. Finally, Company shall require the Transfer Agent to issue Common Shares pursuant to the Pre-Paid Purchase to Investor out of its authorized and unissued shares, and not the Share Reserve,
to the extent Common Shares have been authorized, but not issued, and are not included in the Share Reserve.
The Transfer Agent shall only issue Common Shares out of the Share Reserve to the extent there are no other authorized shares available
for issuance and then only with Investors written consent.

10. Most Favored Nation. So long as any Pre-Paid Purchase is outstanding, upon any issuance by Company of any security (including Pre-Paid Purchases issued after the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) with any term or condition more favorable to the holder of such security or with
a term in favor of the holder of such security that was not similarly provided to
Investor in the Transaction Documents, then Company shall notify Investor of such
additional or more favorable term and such term, at Investors option, shall become a part of the Transaction Documents for the benefit of Investor.
Additionally, if Company fails to notify Investor of any such additional or more favorable
term, but Investor becomes aware that Company has granted such a term to any third
party, Investor may notify Company of such additional or more favorable term and such
term shall become a part of the Transaction Documents retroactive to the date on which
such term was granted to the applicable third party. The types of terms contained
in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security include,
but are not limited to, terms addressing floor prices, fixed purchase prices, conversion discounts, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, original issue
discounts, stock sale price, conversion price per share, warrant coverage, warrant
exercise price, and anti-dilution/conversion and exercise price resets.

10

11. Certain Definitions.

11.1. Applicable Laws means all applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations, orders, executive orders, directives,
policies, guidelines and codes having the force of law, whether local, national, or
international, as amended from time to time, including without limitation (i) all
applicable laws that relate to money laundering, terrorist financing, financial record
keeping and reporting, (ii) all applicable laws that relate to anti-bribery, anti-corruption,
books and records and internal controls, including the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, and (iii) any sanctions laws.

11.2. Commitment Period means the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier of: (i) the date that is three (3) years from the Closing Date, and (ii) the date Company has sold $20,000,000.00 in Pre-Paid Purchases hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a definitive agreement that contemplates
a Change of Control is entered into after the Closing, the Commitment Period for any
Pre-Paid Purchases shall automatically terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Change
of Control. The Company may waive this condition subsequent, at its sole discretion. For the purposes
of this section, the term Change of Control shall mean the transfer (whether by tender offer, merger, stock purchase, consolidation
or other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions,
to a person or group of affiliated persons of the Companys securities if, after such transfer, such person or group of affiliated persons would
hold more than 50% of outstanding voting securities of the Company, or would otherwise
have the power to control the Company or to direct the operations of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the termination of the Commitment Period will not effect
Companys obligations with respect to Pre-Paid Purchases issued prior to the termination of the Commitment Period.

11.3. Maximum Purchase Amount means $4,000,000.00 less the Pre-Paid Purchase Outstanding Balance, rounded down to the nearest
$1,000.00.

11.4. Minimum Purchase Amount means $250,000.00.

11.5. Nasdaq Minimum Price means the lower of: (i) the Closing Trade Price (as defined in the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) on the Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable measurement date; or (ii) the average Closing Trade Price for the five (5) Trading Days immediately
preceding the applicable measurement date.

11.6. Periodic Reports shall mean the Companys (i) Annual Reports on Form 10-K, (ii) any current report to be filed on Form 10-Q and (iii) all other
reports required to be filed by the Company with the SEC under applicable laws and
regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation S-K); provided that all such Periodic Reports shall include, when filed, all information, financial
statements, audit reports (when applicable) and other information required to be included
in such Periodic Reports in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

11.7. Pre-Paid Purchase Outstanding Balance means the aggregate outstanding balance of all outstanding Pre-Paid Purchases.

11

11.8. Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market; provided however, that in the event Companys Common Shares are ever listed or traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE
American, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, then the Principal
Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which Companys Common Shares are then listed or traded.

11.9. Purchase Notice means a written notice in the form of Exhibit A to the Pre-Paid Purchase delivered by Investor to Company requiring Company to sell Purchase Shares to Investor.

11.10. Purchase Notice Date means each date Investor delivers to Company a Purchase Notice.

12. Miscellaneous. The provisions set forth in this Section 12 shall apply to this Agreement, as well as all other Transaction Documents as if these
terms were fully set forth therein; provided, however, that in the event there is a conflict between any provision set forth in this Section 12 and any provision in any other Transaction Document, the provision in such other Transaction
Document shall govern.

12.1. Arbitration of Claims. The parties shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit F) arising under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any other agreement
between the parties and their affiliates or any Claim relating to the relationship
of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth
in Exhibit F attached hereto (the Arbitration Provisions). For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that the injunction described in
Section 12.3 below may be pursued in an arbitration that is separate and apart from any other
arbitration regarding all other Claims arising under the Transaction Documents. The
parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally
binding on the parties hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this
Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company represents, warrants and covenants
that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal
counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the
Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution
of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration
Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations.
Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations
and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions.

12.2. Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions
concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement
shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of
Utah or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. Each party consents to and expressly agrees
that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any dispute arising out of or relating
to any Transaction Document or the relationship of the parties or their affiliates
shall be in Salt Lake County, Utah. Without modifying the parties obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions,
for any litigation arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents (and
notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms)
of any transfer agent services agreement or other agreement between the Transfer Agent
and Company, such litigation specifically includes, without limitation any action
between or involving Company and the Transfer Agent under the TA Letter or otherwise
related to Investor in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action
where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise
prohibit the Transfer Agent from issuing Common Shares to Investor for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly
submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting
in Salt Lake County, Utah, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such
court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically
including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction,
temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Transfer Agent from issuing
Common Shares to Investor for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in Salt
Lake County, Utah, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection
that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection
to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such
venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Finally, Company covenants and
agrees to name Investor as a party in interest in, and provide written notice to Investor
in accordance with Section 12.10 below prior to bringing or filing, any action (including without limitation any filing
or action against any person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement, including
without limitation the Transfer Agent) that is related in any way to the Transaction
Documents or any transaction contemplated herein or therein, including without limitation
any action brought by Company to enjoin or prevent the issuance of any Common Shares to Investor by the Transfer Agent, and further agrees to timely name Investor as
a party to any such action. Company acknowledges that the governing law and venue
provisions set forth in this Section 12.2 are material terms to induce Investor to enter into the Transaction Documents and
that but for Companys agreements set forth in this Section 12.2 Investor would not have entered into the Transaction Documents.

12

12.3. Specific Performance. Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may suffer irreparable harm in the event
that Company fails to perform any material provision of this Agreement or any of the
other Transaction Documents in accordance with its specific terms. It is accordingly
agreed that Investor shall be entitled to one or more injunctions to prevent or cure
breaches of the provisions of this Agreement or such other Transaction Document and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which Investor may be entitled under the Transaction
Documents, at law or in equity. Company specifically agrees that: (a) following an Event of Default (as defined in the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) under any Pre-Paid Purchase, Investor shall have the right to seek and receive injunctive relief from a court
or an arbitrator prohibiting Company from issuing any of its Common Shares or preferred stock to any party unless the Pre-Paid Purchase Outstanding Balance is being paid in full simultaneously with such issuance; and (b) following a breach of Section 4(vi) above, Investor shall have the right to seek and receive injunctive relief from a
court or arbitrator invalidating such lock-up. Company specifically acknowledges that
Investors right to obtain specific performance constitutes bargained for leverage and that
the loss of such leverage would result in irreparable harm to Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event Investor seeks to obtain an injunction
from a court or an arbitrator against Company or specific performance of any provision
of any Transaction Document, such action shall not be a waiver of any right of Investor
under any Transaction Document, at law, or in equity, including without limitation
its rights to arbitrate any Claim pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents,
nor shall Investors pursuit of an injunction prevent Investor, under the doctrines of claim preclusion,
issues preclusion, res judicata or other similar legal doctrines, from pursuing other
Claims in the future in a separate arbitration.

12.4. Calculation Disputes. Notwithstanding the Arbitration Provisions, in the case of a dispute as to any determination
or arithmetic calculation under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation,
calculating the Outstanding Balance, Market Price, VWAP (each, as defined in the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) or the number of Purchase Shares (each, a Calculation), Company or Investor (as the case may be) shall submit any disputed Calculation
via email or facsimile with confirmation of receipt (i) within two (2) Trading Days
after receipt of the applicable notice giving rise to such dispute to Company or Investor
(as the case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after
Investor learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If Investor and
Company are unable to agree upon such Calculation within two (2) Trading Days of such
disputed Calculation being submitted to Company or Investor (as the case may be),
then Investor will promptly submit via email or facsimile the disputed Calculation
to Unkar Systems Inc. (Unkar Systems). Investor shall cause Unkar Systems to perform the Calculation and notify Company
and Investor of the results no later than ten (10) Trading Days from the time it receives
such disputed Calculation. Unkar Systems determination of the disputed Calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent
demonstrable error. Unkar Systems fee for performing such Calculation shall be paid by the incorrect party, or if both
parties are incorrect, by the party whose Calculation is furthest from the correct
Calculation as determined by Unkar Systems. In the event Company is the losing party,
no extension of the Delivery Date (as defined in the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) shall be granted and Company shall incur all effects for failing to deliver the
applicable shares in a timely manner as set forth in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Investor may, in its sole discretion, designate an independent, reputable
investment bank or accounting firm other than Unkar Systems to resolve any such dispute
and in such event, all references to Unkar Systems herein will be replaced with
references to such independent, reputable investment bank or accounting firm so designated
by Investor.

13

12.5. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including
pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000,
e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to
have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

12.6. Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not
form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

12.7. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under
any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform
to such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable
under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
hereof.

12.8. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein
and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither Company nor Investor
makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters.
For the avoidance of doubt, all prior term sheets or other documents between Company
and Investor, or any affiliate thereof, related to the transactions contemplated by
the Transaction Documents (collectively, Prior Agreements), that may have been entered into between Company and Investor, or any affiliate
thereof, are hereby null and void and deemed to be replaced in their entirety by the
Transaction Documents. To the extent there is a conflict between any term set forth
in any Prior Agreement and the term(s) of the Transaction Documents, the Transaction
Documents shall govern.

12.9. Amendments. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument
in writing signed by both parties hereto.

12.10. Notices. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise
specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively given on the earliest of: (i) the
date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor
or by email to an executive officer named below or such officers successor, or by facsimile (with successful transmission confirmation which is kept
by sending party), (ii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third Trading Day after deposit, postage Pre-Paid, in the United States Postal Service by certified mail, or (iii) the earlier of the
date delivered or the third Trading Day after mailing by express courier, with delivery costs and fees Pre-Paid, in each case, addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the following
addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by five (5) calendar
days advance written notice similarly given to each of the other parties hereto):

14

If to Company:

CXApp Inc.

Attn: Khurram Sheikh

Four Palo Alto
Square, Suite 200

Palo Alto, California 94306

If to Investor:

Avondale Capital, LLC

Attn: John M. Fife

297 Auto Mall Drive #4

St. George, Utah 84770

With a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):

Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC

Attn: Jonathan Hansen

3051 West Maple Loop Drive, Suite 325

Lehi, Utah 84043

12.11. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit
of or to be performed by Investor hereunder may be assigned by Investor to a third
party, including its affiliates, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain Companys consent thereto. Company may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement
or delegate its duties hereunder, whether directly or indirectly, without the prior
written consent of Investor, and any such attempted assignment or delegation shall
be null and void.

12.12. Survival. The representations and warranties of Company and the agreements and covenants set
forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing hereunder notwithstanding any due
diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of Investor. Company agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless Investor and all its officers, directors, employees, attorneys,
and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged
breach by Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth
in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including
advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

12.13. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further
acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates,
instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry
out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

12.14. Investors Rights and Remedies Cumulative. All rights, remedies, and powers conferred in this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies, and shall
be in addition to every other right, power, and remedy that Investor may have, whether
specifically granted in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or existing
at law, in equity, or by statute, and any and all such rights and remedies may be
exercised from time to time and as often and in such order as Investor may deem expedient.

15

12.15. Attorneys Fees and Cost of Collection. In the event any suit, action or arbitration is filed by either party against the
other to interpret or enforce any of the Transaction Documents, the unsuccessful party
to such action agrees to pay to the prevailing party all costs and expenses, including
attorneys fees incurred therein, including the same with respect to an appeal. The prevailing party shall be the party in whose favor a judgment is entered, regardless
of whether judgment is entered on all claims asserted by such party and regardless
of the amount of the judgment; or where, due to the assertion of counterclaims, judgments
are entered in favor of and against both parties, then the arbitrator shall determine
the prevailing party by taking into account the relative dollar amounts of the judgments
or, if the judgments involve nonmonetary relief, the relative importance and value
of such relief. Nothing herein shall restrict or impair an arbitrators or a courts power to award fees and expenses for frivolous or bad faith pleading. If (i) any Pre-Paid Purchase is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement prior to commencing arbitration or legal proceedings, or is collected or enforced through any arbitration or legal proceeding, or Investor
otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under the Pre-Paid Purchases or to enforce the provisions of the Pre-Paid Purchases, or (ii) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of Company or other proceedings affecting Companys creditors rights and involving a claim under the Pre-Paid Purchases; then Company shall pay the costs incurred by Investor for such collection, enforcement or action
or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding,
including, without limitation, attorneys fees, expenses, deposition costs, and disbursements.

12.16. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in
the form of a writing signed by the party granting the waiver. No waiver of any provision
or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision
or consent to any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent
shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent or commit a party to provide a waiver
or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing.

12.17. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY
HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY
WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR THE RELATIONSHIPS
OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS
TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW,
RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY
AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTYS RIGHT TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY.

12.18. Time is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents.

12.19. Voluntary Agreement. Company has carefully read this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents
and has asked any questions needed for Company to understand the terms, consequences
and binding effect of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and
fully understand them. Company has had the opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney
of Companys choosing, or has waived the right to do so, and is executing this Agreement and
each of the other Transaction Documents voluntarily and without any duress or undue
influence by Investor or anyone else.

16

12.20. Document Imaging. Investor shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to image or make copies of all
or any selection of the agreements, instruments, documents, and items and records
governing, arising from or relating to any of Companys loans, including, without limitation, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents,
and Investor may destroy or archive the paper originals. The parties hereto (i) waive any right to insist or require that Investor produce
paper originals, (ii) agree that such images shall be accorded the same force and
effect as the paper originals, (iii) agree that Investor is entitled to use such images
in lieu of destroyed or archived originals for any purpose, including as admissible
evidence in any demand, presentment or other proceedings, and (iv) further agree that
any executed facsimile (faxed), scanned, emailed, or other imaged copy of this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document shall be deemed to be of the same force and effect
as the original manually executed document.

12.21. Participation Right. Beginning on the Closing Date and for the following thirty-six (36) months, Company hereby grants to Investor a participation right, whereby Investor shall have the right to participate at Investors discretion in up to ten percent (10%) of the amount sold in any Restricted Issuance (the Participation Right). Within two (2) Trading Days following the consummation of a Restricted Issuance, Company will provide Investor with written notice of the consummation of such Restricted Issuance, along with copies of the transaction documents. Investor will then have up to five (5) Trading Days to elect to purchase up to ten percent (10%) of the amount of debt or equity securities issued in such transaction on the most favorable terms
and conditions offered to any other purchaser of the same securities. The parties agree that in the event Company breaches its obligations with respect to the Participation Right, Investors sole and exclusive remedy shall be to receive, as liquidated damages, an amount
equal to twenty percent (20%) of the amount Investor would have been entitled to invest under the Participation Right. For the avoidance of doubt, Companys breach of its obligations with respect to the Participation Right will not be considered
an Event of Default (as defined in the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase) under the Initial Pre-Paid Purchase.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Investor and Company have caused this Agreement
to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

INVESTOR:

Avondale Capital, LLC

By: /s/ John M. Fife

John M. Fife, President

COMPANY:

CXApp Inc.

By: /s/ Khurram P. Sheikh

Khurram P. Sheikh, Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Securities
Purchase Agreement]

18

ATTACHED EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A Initial Pre-Paid Purchase

Exhibit B Registration Rights Agreement

Exhibit C Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions

Exhibit D Officers Certificate

Exhibit E Share Issuance Resolution

Exhibit F Arbitration Provisions

19

annex I

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO INVESTORS OBLGATION TO PURCHASE A PRE-PAID PURCHASE

The obligation of Investor to purchase from Company a Pre-Paid Purchase hereunder on each Pre-Paid Purchase Date is subject to the satisfaction, as of the date of each Request for a Pre-Paid Purchase and each Pre-Paid Purchase Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for Investors sole benefit and may be waived by Investor at any time in its sole discretion by providing Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a) Company shall have duly executed and delivered to Investor each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.

(b) Investor shall have received an opinion of counsel to Company, dated as of the Pre-Paid Purchase Date, in the form reasonably acceptable to Investor.

(c) Company has received the Approval to issue Purchase Shares in excess of the Exchange Cap, and the Approval remains effective as of each applicable Pre-Paid Purchase Date.

(d) There is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which Investor is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to sell all of the Purchase Shares issuable pursuant to such Pre-Paid Purchase. The Current Report shall have been filed with the SEC and Company shall have filed with the SEC in a timely manner all reports, notices and other documents
required under the 1934 Act and applicable SEC regulations during the twelve-month period immediately preceding
the applicable Pre-Paid Purchase Date.

(e) No Material Outside Event shall have occurred and be continuing.

(f) The 20-day and 60-day median and average trading volume must be greater than or equal
to $500,000.00, as reported by Bloomberg, L.P.

(g) Company shall be in full compliance with the Share Reserve requirements in Section 9 of the Agreement. 

(h) The number of Common Shares that remain available for issuance under the Registration
Statement shall be at least 200% of the maximum number of Common Shares issuable pursuant
to all outstanding Pre-Paid Purchases (taking into account all Pre-Paid Purchases
that will be outstanding upon the closing of the Pre-Paid Purchase requested and calculated
based on the Purchase Share Purchase Price as of the date of determination without
taking into account any of the limitations set forth herein).

(i) All of the Purchase Shares issuable pursuant to the applicable Pre-Paid Purchase shall have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of Company. All Purchase Shares relating to all prior Pre-Paid Purchases required to have been received by Investor under each Pre-Paid Purchase shall have been delivered to Investor in accordance with such Pre-Paid Purchase.

(j) Company shall have delivered to Investor a certificate evidencing the incorporation and good standing of Company as of a date within ten (10) days of the Pre-Paid Purchase Date.

Annex I-1

(k) The board of directors of Company has approved the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the applicable
Pre-Paid Purchase; said approval has not been amended, rescinded or modified and remains in full force
and effect as of the date hereof, and a true, correct and complete copy of such resolutions
duly adopted by the board of directors of Company shall have been provided to Investor.

(l) Each and every representation and warranty of Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and
warranties qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects)
as of the date when made and as of the date of the Pre-Paid Purchase Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific
date) and Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with the covenants,
agreements and conditions set forth in each Transaction Document required to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by Company at or prior to the applicable Pre-Paid Purchase Date.

(m) Trading in the Common Shares shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal
Market or FINRA, Company shall not have received any final and non-appealable notice that the listing or quotation
of the Common Shares on the Principal Market shall be terminated on a date certain
(unless, prior to such date certain, the Common Shares is listed or quoted on any
subsequent Principal Market), nor shall there have been imposed any suspension of,
or restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic
trading or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares that is continuing,
Company shall not have received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or
restriction on, accepting additional deposits of the Common Shares, electronic trading
or book-entry services by DTC with respect to the Common Shares is being imposed or
is contemplated (unless, prior to such suspension or restriction, DTC shall have notified
Company in writing that DTC has determined not to impose any such suspension or restriction).

(n) Company shall have obtained all governmental, regulatory or third-party consents and approvals,
if any, necessary for the sale of the Purchase Shares.

(o) To Companys knowledge, no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction
shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental
entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(p) Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has resulted in or would reasonably
be expected to result in a material adverse effect, or an Event of Default.

(q) The Pre-Paid Purchase Outstanding Balance shall be less than $3,000,000.00.

(r) The market capitalization of Company must be greater than or equal to $10,000,000.00

(s) Company shall have notified the Principal Market of the issuance of all of the Purchase Shares hereunder, the Principal Market shall have completed its review of the related
Listing of Additional Share form and Company shall have obtained approval of the Principal Market to list or designate for quotation
(as the case may be) the maximum number of Common Shares issuable pursuant to such
Pre-Paid Purchase.

(t) Company shall have delivered to Investor a compliance certificate executed by the chief executive officer of Company certifying that Company has complied with all of the conditions precedent to the
applicable Pre-Purchase Purchase set forth herein and which may be relied upon by Investor as evidence of satisfaction of such conditions without any obligation to independently
verify.

Annex I-2

(u) Company and its subsidiaries shall have delivered to Investor such other documents, instruments or certificates relating to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or the Pre-Paid Purchases as Investor or its counsel may reasonably request.

(v) 

The Purchase Shares would be available for immediate resale by Investor in Investors brokerage account.

(w) 

Companys stockholder equity as reported in its most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K must be
at least $5,000,000.00.

(x) Company is not in a noncompliant period with Nasdaq continued listing requirements.

Annex I-3

Exhibit F

ARBITRATION PROVISIONS

1. Dispute Resolution. For purposes of these arbitration provisions (the Arbitration Provisions), the term Claims means any disputes, claims, demands, causes of action, requests for injunctive relief,
requests for specific performance, liabilities, damages, losses, or controversies
whatsoever arising from, related to, or connected with the transactions contemplated
in the Transaction Documents and any communications between the parties related thereto,
including without limitation any claims of mutual mistake, mistake, fraud, misrepresentation,
failure of formation, failure of consideration, promissory estoppel, unconscionability,
failure of condition precedent, rescission, and any statutory claims, tort claims,
contract claims, or claims to void, invalidate or terminate the Agreement (or these
Arbitration Provisions (defined below)) or any of the other Transaction Documents.
For the avoidance of doubt, Investors pursuit of an injunction or other Claim pursuant to these Arbitration Provisions
or with a court will not later prevent Investor under the doctrines of claim preclusion,
issue preclusion, res judicata or other similar legal doctrines from pursuing other
Claims in a separate arbitration in the future. The parties to the Agreement (the parties) hereby agree that the Claims may be arbitrated in one or more arbitrations pursuant to these Arbitration Provisions (one for an injunction or injunctions
and a separate one for all other Claims). The term Claims specifically excludes a dispute over Calculations. The parties
to the Agreement hereby agree that these Arbitration Provisions are binding on each of them. As a result, any attempt to rescind the Agreement
(or these Arbitration Provisions) or declare the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions)
or any other Transaction Document invalid or unenforceable for any reason is subject
to these Arbitration Provisions. As a result, any attempt to rescind the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions)
or any other Transaction Document) or declare the Agreement (or these Arbitration
Provisions) or any other Transaction Document invalid or unenforceable pursuant to
Section 29 of the 1934 Act or for any other reason is subject to these Arbitration Provisions.
Any capitalized term not defined in these Arbitration Provisions shall have the meaning
set forth in the Agreement.

2. Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration
(Arbitration) to be conducted exclusively in Salt Lake County, Utah and pursuant to the terms
set forth in these Arbitration Provisions. Subject to the arbitration appeal right
provided for in Paragraph 5 below (the Appeal Right), the parties agree that the award of the arbitrator rendered pursuant to Paragraph
4 below (the Arbitration Award) shall be (a) final and binding upon the parties, (b) the sole and exclusive remedy
between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented
or pleaded to the arbitrator, and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free
of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Subject to the
Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Arbitration Award
shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting
such enforcement. The Arbitration Award shall include default interest (as defined
or otherwise provided for in the Pre-Paid Purchase, Default Interest) (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate specified in the Pre-Paid Purchase for Default Interest both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the
Arbitration Award will be entered and enforced by any state or federal court sitting
in Salt Lake County, Utah.

3. The Arbitration Act. The parties hereby incorporate herein the provisions and procedures set forth in
the Utah Uniform Arbitration Act, U.C.A. 78B-11-101 et seq. (as amended or superseded from time to time, the Arbitration Act). Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to, and to the maximum extent permitted
by, Section 105 of the Arbitration Act, in the event of conflict or variation between the terms
of these Arbitration Provisions and the provisions of the Arbitration Act, the terms
of these Arbitration Provisions shall control and the parties hereby waive or otherwise
agree to vary the effect of all requirements of the Arbitration Act that may conflict
with or vary from these Arbitration Provisions.

4. Arbitration Proceedings. Arbitration between the parties will be subject to the following:

4.1 Initiation of Arbitration. Pursuant to Section 110 of the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that a party may initiate Arbitration
by giving written notice to the other party (Arbitration Notice) in the same manner that notice is permitted under Section 12.10 of the Agreement (the Notice Provision); provided, however, that the Arbitration Notice may not be given by email or fax. Arbitration will be
deemed initiated as of the date that the Arbitration Notice is deemed delivered to
such other party under the Notice Provision (the Service Date). After the Service Date, information may be delivered, and notices may be given,
by email or fax pursuant to the Notice Provision or any other method permitted thereunder. The Arbitration Notice must describe the
nature of the controversy, the remedies sought, and the election to commence Arbitration
proceedings. All Claims in the Arbitration Notice must be pleaded consistent with
the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure.

Ex. F-1

4.2 Selection and Payment of Arbitrator.

(a) Within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date, Investor shall select and
submit to Company the names of three (3) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals
or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Services (http://www.utahadrservices.com) (such three (3) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral
with Utah ADR Services. Within five (5) calendar days after Investor has submitted
to Company the names of the Proposed Arbitrators, Company must select, by written
notice to Investor, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for
the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Company fails to select one of
the Proposed Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then Investor may select
the arbitrator from the Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection
to Company.

(b) If Investor fails to submit to Company the Proposed Arbitrators within ten (10)
calendar days after the Service Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, then Company
may at any time prior to Investor so designating the Proposed Arbitrators, identify
the names of three (3) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified
arbitrators by Utah ADR Service by written notice to Investor. Investor may then,
within five (5) calendar days after Company has submitted notice of its Proposed Arbitrators
to Investor, select, by written notice to Company, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators
to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Investor
fails to select in writing and within such 5-day period one (1) of the three (3) Proposed
Arbitrators selected by Company, then Company may select the arbitrator from its three
(3) previously selected Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection
to Investor.

(c) If a Proposed Arbitrator chosen to serve as arbitrator declines or is otherwise
unable to serve as arbitrator, then the party that selected such Proposed Arbitrator
may select one (1) of the other three (3) Proposed Arbitrators within three (3) calendar
days of the date the chosen Proposed Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he
or she is unable to serve as arbitrator. If all three (3) Proposed Arbitrators decline
or are otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the arbitrator selection process
shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2.

(d) The date that the Proposed Arbitrator selected pursuant to this Paragraph 4.2
agrees in writing (including via email) delivered to both parties to serve as the
arbitrator hereunder is referred to herein as the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an arbitrator resigns or is unable to act during the Arbitration, a replacement
arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2 to continue the Arbitration. If Utah ADR Services ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals and there is
no successor thereto, then the arbitrator shall be selected under the then prevailing
rules of the American Arbitration Association.

(e) Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, the cost of the arbitrator must be paid equally
by both parties. Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, if one party refuses or fails to
pay its portion of the arbitrator fee, then the other party can advance such unpaid
amount (subject to the accrual of Default Interest thereupon), with such amount being
added to or subtracted from, as applicable, the Arbitration Award.

4.3 Applicability of Certain Utah Rules. The parties agree that the Arbitration shall be conducted generally in accordance
with the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure and the Utah Rules of Evidence. More specifically,
the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure shall apply, without limitation, to the filing of
any pleadings, motions or memoranda, the conducting of discovery, and the taking of
any depositions. The Utah Rules of Evidence shall apply to any hearings, whether telephonic
or in person, held by the arbitrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the parties intent that the incorporation of such rules will in no event supersede these Arbitration
Provisions. In the event of any conflict between the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure
or the Utah Rules of Evidence and these Arbitration Provisions, these Arbitration
Provisions shall control.

4.4 Answer and Default. An answer and any counterclaims to the Arbitration Notice shall be required to be
delivered to the party initiating the Arbitration within twenty (20) calendar days
after the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an answer is not delivered by the required
deadline, the arbitrator must provide written notice to the defaulting party stating
that the arbitrator will enter a default award against such party if such party does
not file an answer within five (5) calendar days of receipt of such notice. If an
answer is not filed within the five (5) day extension period, the arbitrator must
render a default award, consistent with the relief requested in the Arbitration Notice,
against a party that fails to submit an answer within such time period.

Ex. F-2

4.5 Related Litigation. The party that delivers the Arbitration Notice to the other party shall have the
option to also commence concurrent legal proceedings with any state or federal court
sitting in Salt Lake County, Utah (Litigation Proceedings), subject to the following: (a) the complaint in the Litigation Proceedings is to
be substantially similar to the claims set forth in the Arbitration Notice, provided
that an additional cause of action to compel arbitration will also be included therein,
(b) so long as the other party files an answer to the complaint in the Litigation
Proceedings and an answer to the Arbitration Notice, the Litigation Proceedings will
be stayed pending an Arbitration Award (or Appeal Panel Award (defined below), as
applicable) hereunder, (c) if the other party fails to file an answer in the Litigation
Proceedings or an answer in the Arbitration proceedings, then the party initiating
Arbitration shall be entitled to a default judgment consistent with the relief requested,
to be entered in the Litigation Proceedings, and (d) any legal or procedural issue
arising under the Arbitration Act that requires a decision of a court of competent
jurisdiction may be determined in the Litigation Proceedings. Any award of the arbitrator
(or of the Appeal Panel (defined below)) may be entered in such Litigation Proceedings
pursuant to the Arbitration Act. In the event either party successfully petitions a court to compel arbitration, the
losing party in such action shall be required to pay the prevailing partys attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with such action.

4.6 Discovery. Pursuant to Section 118(8) of the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that discovery shall be conducted
as follows:

(a) Written discovery will only be allowed if the likely benefits of the proposed written discovery outweigh
the burden or expense thereof, and the written discovery sought is likely to reveal
information that will satisfy a specific element of a claim or defense already pleaded
in the Arbitration. The party seeking written discovery shall always have the burden
of showing that all of the standards and limitations set forth in these Arbitration
Provisions are satisfied. The scope of discovery in the Arbitration proceedings shall
also be limited as follows:

(i) To facts directly connected with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

(ii) To facts and information that cannot be obtained from another source or in another
manner that is more convenient, less burdensome or less expensive than in the manner
requested.

(b) No party shall be allowed (i) more than fifteen (15) interrogatories (including
discrete subparts), (ii) more than fifteen (15) requests for admission (including
discrete subparts), (iii) more than ten (10) document requests (including discrete
subparts), or (iv) more than three (3) depositions (excluding expert depositions)
for a maximum of seven (7) hours per deposition. The costs associated with depositions
will be borne by the party taking the deposition. The party defending the deposition
will submit a notice to the party taking the deposition of the estimated attorneys fees that such party expects to incur in connection with defending the deposition.
If the party defending the deposition fails to submit an estimate of attorneys fees within five (5) calendar days of its receipt of a deposition notice, then such
party shall be deemed to have waived its right to the estimated attorneys fees. The party taking the deposition must pay the party defending the deposition the estimated
attorneys fees prior to taking the deposition, unless such obligation is deemed to be waived
as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the party taking the deposition
believes that the estimated attorneys fees are unreasonable, such party may submit the issue to the arbitrator for a decision. All depositions will be taken in Utah.

(c) All discovery requests (including document production requests included in deposition
notices) must be submitted in writing to the arbitrator and the other party. The party submitting
the written discovery requests must include with such discovery requests a detailed
explanation of how the proposed discovery requests satisfy the requirements of these
Arbitration Provisions and the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure. The receiving party
will then be allowed, within five (5) calendar days of receiving the proposed discovery
requests, to submit to the arbitrator an estimate of the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to such written discovery requests and
a written challenge to each applicable discovery request. After receipt of an estimate
of attorneys fees and costs and/or challenge(s) to one or more discovery requests, consistent
with subparagraph (c) above, the arbitrator will within three (3) calendar days make
a finding as to the likely attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests and issue an
order that (i) requires the requesting party to prepay the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests, and (ii) requires
the responding party to respond to the discovery requests as limited by the arbitrator
within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect to such discovery requests. If a party entitled to submit an
estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or a challenge to discovery requests fails to do so within such
5-day period, the arbitrator will make a finding that (A) there are no attorneys fees or costs associated with responding to such discovery requests, and (B) the
responding party must respond to such discovery requests (as may be limited by the
arbitrator) within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect to such discovery requests. Any party submitting any written
discovery requests, including without limitation interrogatories, requests for production
subpoenas to a party or a third party, or requests for admissions, must prepay the
estimated attorneys fees and costs, before the responding party has any obligation to produce or respond
to the same, unless such obligation is deemed waived as set forth above.

Ex. F-3

(d) In order to allow a written discovery request, the arbitrator must find that the discovery request
satisfies the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions and the Utah Rules
of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator must strictly enforce these standards. If a discovery
request does not satisfy any of the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions
or the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure, the arbitrator may modify such discovery request
to satisfy the applicable standards, or strike such discovery request in whole or
in part.

(e) Each party may submit expert reports (and rebuttals thereto), provided that such
reports must be submitted within sixty (60) days of the Arbitration Commencement Date.
Each party will be allowed a maximum of two (2) experts. Expert reports must contain
the following: (i) a complete statement of all opinions the expert will offer at trial
and the basis and reasons for them; (ii) the experts name and qualifications, including a list of all the experts publications within the preceding ten (10) years, and a list of any other cases
in which the expert has testified at trial or in a deposition or prepared a report
within the preceding ten (10) years; and (iii) the compensation to be paid for the
experts report and testimony. The parties are entitled to depose any other partys expert witness one (1) time for no more than four (4) hours. An expert may not testify
in a partys case-in-chief concerning any matter not fairly disclosed in the expert report.

4.7 Dispositive Motions. Each party shall have the right to submit dispositive motions pursuant Rule 12 or Rule 56 of the Utah Rules of Civil Procedure (a Dispositive Motion). The party submitting the Dispositive Motion may, but is not required to, deliver to
the arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in support (the Memorandum in Support) of the Dispositive Motion. Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum
in Support, the other party shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party
a memorandum in opposition to the Memorandum in Support (the Memorandum in Opposition). Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as
applicable, the party that submitted the Memorandum in Support shall deliver to the
arbitrator and to the other party a reply memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition (Reply Memorandum). If the applicable party shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as
required above, or if the other party fails to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required
above, then the applicable party shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and
the Dispositive Motion shall proceed regardless.

4.8 Confidentiality. All information disclosed by either party (or such partys agents) during the Arbitration process (including without limitation information
disclosed during the discovery process or any Appeal (defined below)) shall be considered
confidential in nature. Each party agrees not to disclose any confidential information
received from the other party (or its agents) during the Arbitration process (including
without limitation during the discovery process or any Appeal) unless (a) prior to
or after the time of disclosure such information becomes public knowledge or part
of the public domain, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving party
or its agents, (b) such information is required by a court order, subpoena or similar
legal duress to be disclosed if such receiving party has notified the other party
thereof in writing and given it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order
from a court of competent jurisdiction prior to disclosure, or (c) such information
is disclosed to the receiving partys agents, representatives and legal counsel on a need to know basis who each agree
in writing not to disclose such information to any third party. Pursuant to Section 118(5) of the Arbitration Act, the arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to
issue a protective order to prevent the disclosure of privileged information and confidential
information upon the written request of either party.

4.9 Authorization; Timing; Scheduling Order. Subject to all other sections of these Arbitration Provisions, the parties hereby authorize and direct the
arbitrator to take such actions and make such rulings as may be necessary to carry
out the parties intent for the Arbitration proceedings to be efficient and expeditious. Pursuant
to Section 120 of the Arbitration Act, the parties hereby agree that an Arbitration Award must
be made within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement
Date. The arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to hold a scheduling conference
within ten (10) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date in order to
establish a scheduling order with various binding deadlines for discovery, expert
testimony, and the submission of documents by the parties to enable the arbitrator
to render a decision prior to the end of such 120-day period.

Ex. F-4

4.10 Relief. The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in the Arbitration Award
(or in a preliminary ruling) any relief which the arbitrator deems proper under the
circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive
relief, provided that the arbitrator may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

4.11 Fees and Costs. As part of the Arbitration Award, the arbitrator is hereby directed to require the
losing party (the party being awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator,
which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory
fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full
amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration, and (b) reimburse the prevailing
party for all reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery costs, and other
expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection
with the Arbitration.

4.12 Motion to Vacate. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, if either party desires to file a Motion
to Vacate the Arbitration Award with a court in Salt Lake County, Utah, it must do
so within the earlier of: (a) thirty (30) days of entry of the Arbitration; and (b)
in response to the prevailing partys Motion of Confirm the Arbitration Award.

5. Arbitration Appeal.

5.1 Initiation of Appeal. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, either party (the Appellant) shall have a period of thirty (30) calendar days in which to notify the other party
(the Appellee), in writing, that the Appellant elects to appeal (the Appeal) the Arbitration Award (such notice, an Appeal Notice) to a panel of arbitrators as provided in Paragraph 5.2 below. The date the Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee is referred to herein
as the Appeal Date. The Appeal Notice must be delivered to the Appellee in accordance with the provisions
of Paragraph 4.1 above with respect to delivery of an Arbitration Notice. In addition, together with delivery of the Appeal Notice to the Appellee, the Appellant
must also pay for (and provide proof of such payment to the Appellee together with
delivery of the Appeal Notice) a bond in the amount of 110% of the sum the Appellant
owes to the Appellee as a result of the Arbitration Award the Appellant is appealing. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with
proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of this
Paragraph 5.1, the Appeal will occur as a matter of right and, except as specifically set forth herein,
will not be further conditioned. In the event a party does not deliver an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment
of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline prescribed in this
Paragraph 5.1, such party shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award. The Arbitration Award will be considered final until the Appeal Notice has been properly
delivered and the applicable appeal bond has been posted (along with proof of payment
of the applicable bond). The parties acknowledge and agree that any Appeal shall be deemed part of the parties agreement to arbitrate for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration
Act.

5.2 Selection and Payment of Appeal Panel. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with
proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph
5.1 above, the Appeal will be heard by a three (3) person arbitration panel (the Appeal Panel).

(a) Within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date, the Appellee shall select and
submit to the Appellant the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals
or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Services (http://www.utahadrservices.com) (such five (5) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Appeal Arbitrator must be qualified
as a neutral with Utah ADR Services, and shall not be the arbitrator who rendered
the Arbitration Award being appealed (the Original Arbitrator). Within five (5) calendar days after the Appellee has submitted to the Appellant
the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, the Appellant must select, by written
notice to the Appellee, three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators to act as the
members of the Appeal Panel. If the Appellant fails to select three (3) of the Proposed
Appeal Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then the Appellee may select
such three (3) arbitrators from the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators by providing written
notice of such selection to the Appellant.

Ex. F-5

(b) If the Appellee fails to submit to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal
Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date pursuant to subparagraph
(a) above, then the Appellant may at any time prior to the Appellee so designating
the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, identify the names of five (5) arbitrators that are
designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by Utah ADR Service (none of whom
may be the Original Arbitrator) by written notice to the Appellee. The Appellee may then, within five (5) calendar days after the Appellant has submitted
notice of its selected arbitrators to the Appellee, select, by written notice to the
Appellant, three (3) of such selected arbitrators to serve on the Appeal Panel. If
the Appellee fails to select in writing within such 5-day period three (3) of the
arbitrators selected by the Appellant to serve as the members of the Appeal Panel,
then the Appellant may select the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel from the Appellants list of five (5) arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to the
Appellee.

(c) If a selected Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve,
then the party that selected such Proposed Appeal Arbitrator may select one (1) of
the other five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within three (3) calendar
days of the date a chosen Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties
he or she is unable to serve as an arbitrator. If at least three (3) of the five (5)
designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve, then
the Proposed Appeal Arbitrator selection process shall begin again in accordance with
this Paragraph 5.2; provided, however, that any Proposed Appeal Arbitrators who have already agreed to serve shall remain
on the Appeal Panel.

(d) The date that all three (3) Proposed Appeal Arbitrators selected pursuant to this
Paragraph 5.2 agree in writing (including via email) delivered to both the Appellant
and the Appellee to serve as members of the Appeal Panel hereunder is referred to
herein as the Appeal Commencement Date. No later than five (5) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellee
shall designate in writing (including via email) to the Appellant and the Appeal Panel
the name of one (1) of the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel to serve as the lead
arbitrator in the Appeal proceedings. Each member of the Appeal Panel shall be deemed an arbitrator for purposes of these
Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act, provided that, in conducting the Appeal,
the Appeal Panel may only act or make determinations upon the approval or vote of
no less than the majority vote of its members, as announced or communicated by the
lead arbitrator on the Appeal Panel. If an arbitrator on the Appeal Panel ceases or is unable to act during the Appeal
proceedings, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with Paragraph
5.2 above to continue the Appeal as a member of the Appeal Panel. If Utah ADR Services ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals, then the arbitrators
for the Appeal Panel shall be selected under the then prevailing rules of the American
Arbitration Association.

(e) Subject to Paragraph 5.7 below, the cost of the Appeal Panel must be paid entirely
by the Appellant.

5.3 Appeal Procedure. The Appeal will be deemed an appeal of the entire Arbitration Award. In conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall conduct a de novo review of all Claims described or otherwise
set forth in the Arbitration Notice. Subject to the foregoing and all other provisions of this Paragraph 5, the Appeal
Panel shall conduct the Appeal in a manner the Appeal Panel considers appropriate
for a fair and expeditious disposition of the Appeal, may hold one or more hearings
and permit oral argument, and may review all previous evidence and discovery, together
with all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator
(as well as any documents filed with the Appeal Panel pursuant to Paragraph 5.4(a)
below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall
not permit the parties to conduct any additional discovery or raise any new Claims
to be arbitrated, shall not permit new witnesses or affidavits, and shall not base
any of its findings or determinations on the Original Arbitrators findings or the Arbitration Award.

5.4 Timing.

(a) Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellant (i)
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Appeal Panel copies of the Appeal Notice,
all discovery conducted in connection with the Arbitration, and all briefs, pleadings
and other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator (which material Appellee shall
have the right to review and supplement if necessary), and (ii) may, but is not required
to, deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Memorandum in Support of the Appellants arguments concerning or position with respect to all Claims, counterclaims, issues,
or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration. Within seven (7) calendar
days of the Appellants delivery of the Memorandum in Support, as applicable, the Appellee shall deliver
to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellant a Memorandum in Opposition to the Memorandum
in Support. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellees delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the Appellant shall deliver
to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Reply Memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition. If the Appellant shall fail to substantially comply with the requirements
of clause (i) of this subparagraph (a), the Appellant shall lose its right to appeal
the Arbitration Award, and the Arbitration Award shall be final. If the Appellee shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above,
or if the Appellant shall fail to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required above,
then the Appellee or the Appellant, as the case may be, shall lose its right to so
deliver the same, and the Appeal shall proceed regardless.

Ex. F-6

(b) Subject to subparagraph (a) above, the parties hereby agree that the Appeal must be heard by the Appeal Panel within thirty
(30) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, and that the Appeal Panel must
render its decision within thirty (30) calendar days after the Appeal is heard (and
in no event later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date).

5.5 Appeal Panel Award. The Appeal Panel shall issue its decision (the Appeal Panel Award) through the lead arbitrator on the Appeal Panel. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Appeal Panel Award shall
(a) supersede in its entirety and make of no further force or effect the Arbitration
Award (provided that any protective orders issued by the Original Arbitrator shall
remain in full force and effect), (b) be final and binding upon the parties, with
no further rights of appeal, (c) be the sole and exclusive remedy between the parties
regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in
the Arbitration, and (d) be promptly payable in United States dollars free of any
tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Appeal Panel Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted
by law, be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. The Appeal Panel
Award shall include Default Interest (with respect to monetary awards) at the rate
specified in the Pre-Paid Purchase for Default Interest both before and after the Arbitration Award. Judgment upon the
Appeal Panel Award will be entered and enforced by a state or federal court sitting
in Salt Lake County, Utah.

5.6 Relief. The Appeal Panel shall have the right to award or include in the Appeal Panel Award any relief which
the Appeal Panel deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation,
specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the Appeal Panel may not
award exemplary or punitive damages.

5.7 Fees and Costs. As part of the Appeal Panel Award, the Appeal Panel is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being awarded
the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall
be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges
awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the
Arbitration and the Appeal Panel, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party (the party
being awarded the most amount of money by the Appeal Panel, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory
fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any part) the reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator and Appeal Panel costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery
costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing
party in connection with the Arbitration (including without limitation in connection
with the Appeal).

6. Miscellaneous.

6.1 Severability. If any part of these Arbitration Provisions is found to violate or be illegal under
applicable law, then such provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary
to make such provision enforceable under applicable law, and the remainder of the
Arbitration Provisions shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect.

6.2 Governing Law. These Arbitration Provisions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Utah without
regard to the conflict of laws principles therein.

6.3 Interpretation. The headings of these Arbitration Provisions are for convenience of reference only
and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, these Arbitration Provisions.

6.4 Waiver. No waiver of any provision of these Arbitration Provisions shall be effective unless
it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting the waiver.

6.5 Time is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of these Arbitration Provisions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

Ex. F-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cxai-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cxai-20250326_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cxai-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cxai-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 26, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39642

Entity Registrant Name CXApp Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001820875

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-2104918

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One Four Palo Alto Square

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, Address Line Three 3000 El Camino Real

Entity Address, City or Town California

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94306

City Area Code (650)

Local Phone Number 785-7171

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CXAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants to purchase common stock

Trading Symbol CXAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cxai_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cxai_WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cxai/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cxai-20250326.xsd 
cxai-20250326_def.xml 
cxai-20250326_lab.xml 
cxai-20250326_pre.xml 
cxapp_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002296-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>cxapp_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001820875 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

0001820875 

cxai:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

0001820875 

cxai:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001820875 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
CXApp Inc. 
DE 
001-39642 
85-2104918 
Four Palo Alto Square 
Suite 200 
3000 El Camino Real 
California 
CA 
94306 
(650) 
785-7171 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
CXAI 
NASDAQ 
Warrants to purchase common stock 
CXAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>