<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-008463.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-008463.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130173025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-008463
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			60 DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001946563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				452406880
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41719
		FILM NUMBER:		25575011

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1025 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-327-5422

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1025 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NW
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229310-8k_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001946563DC00019465632025-01-282025-01-280001946563SXTP:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-282025-01-280001946563SXTP:WarrantsEachWarrantToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-01-282025-01-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

January
28, 2025

60
DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41719 45-2406880

(State
or other jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification Number)

1025
Connecticut Avenue NW Suite 1000,

Washington,
D.C. 20036

(Address
of registrants principal executive office) (Zip
code)

(202)
327-5422

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which

registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share SXTP The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants,
each warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock SXTPW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 28, 2025, 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement)
with certain institutional investors (the Purchasers) pursuant to which the
Company sold, in a registered direct offering an aggregate of 1,021,549 shares (the Shares)
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Common Stock)
at a purchase price of $1.021 per share in a registered direct offering priced at-the-market
under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

The
Shares were offered pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-280796), which was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 18, 2024 as supplemented by a prospectus supplement
dated January 28, 2025, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2025, and accompanying base prospectus, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

In
a concurrent private placement, the Company also issued to the Purchasers unregistered warrants
(the Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,043,098 shares (the Warrant
Shares) of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.771 per share. The Warrants are
exercisable upon issuance and expire twenty-four months from the date of issuance.

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company is required to file a registration statement with the SEC within 45 days after the
date of the Securities Purchase Agreement to register the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act. The Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective within 75 days following the Closing Date and to keep such
registration statement effective at all times until no Purchaser owns any Warrants or Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof.

Any
holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially
own more than 4.99% (or, upon the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants. However,
any holder may increase or decrease such percentage, provided that any increase will not be effective until the 61st day after such election.

The
exercise price of the Warrants is subject to customary adjustment in the event of certain
stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or
similar events affecting the Common Stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including
cash, stock or other property to the stockholders of the Company.

The issuance of the Warrants and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement and issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants
and the shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder to the Placement Agent were made pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), available to the Company under Section 4(a)(2) promulgated
thereunder and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act due to the fact the offering of the Warrants and Warrant
Shares, the Placement Agent Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder did not involve a public offering of securities.

The
Securities Purchase Agreement contained customary representations and warranties. The offering closed on January 30, 2025.

1

Pursuant
to an engagement letter agreement between and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Placement
Agent) dated August 30, 2024, as amended on September 3, 2024 and January 24, 2025
(the Engagement Agreement), the Placement Agent acted as the Companys
exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Engagement Agreement, the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash transaction fee equal to 7.5% of the aggregate
gross cash proceeds in the offering and a management fee equal to 1.0% of the aggregate gross cash proceeds in the offering. In addition,
the Company paid for certain non-accountable expenses in the amount of $15,000 and a clearing fee in the amount of $10,000. The Company
also issued to the Placement Agent (or its designees) warrants (the Placement Agent Warrants) to purchase up to 76,616
shares of Common. The Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to $1.2763 per share and are exercisable upon issuance, or
January 30, 2025, for twenty-four months from the date of issuance, or January 30, 2027.

The
Company received net proceeds of approximately $804,346.40 from the offering, after deducting estimated offering expenses paid by the
Company, including the Placement Agent fees. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general
corporate purposes, including working capital.

The Engagement Agreement, as amended, form of Securities Purchase Agreement, form of Warrant, and form of Placement Agent Warrant are
filed as Exhibits 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 10.1, 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.
The above descriptions of the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and Warrant are qualified in their entirety by reference to such
exhibits.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report)
with respect to the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, the Placement Agent Warrants and the shares
of Common Stock issuable thereunder are hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 8.01.
Other Events.

On
January 29, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the offering. A copy of the press release announcing this
matter is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

On
January 30, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the offering. A copy of the press release announcing this
matter is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Report and is incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

Item 9.01.
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Engagement Agreement

1.2 Amendment to Engagement Agreement

1.3 Extension to Engagement Agreement

4.1 Form
of Warrant

4.2 Form
of Placement Agent Warrant

5.1 Opinion
of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

10.1 Form
of Securities Purchase Agreement

23.1 Consent
of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 Press
Release, dated January 29, 2025

99.2 Press
Release, dated January 30, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

60
DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Date:
January 30, 2025 By: /s/
Geoffrey Dow

Name: Geoffrey Dow

Title: Chief Executive
Officer and President

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex1-1_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

August 30, 2024

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

1025 Connecticut Avenue NW Suite 1000,

Washington, D.C. 20036

Attn: Geoffrey Dow, Chief Executive Officer and President
Dear Mr. Dow:

This
letter agreement (this Agreement) constitutes the agreement between 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the
Company) and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (Wainwright), that Wainwright shall serve as
the exclusive underwriter, agent or advisor in any offering of securities of the Company (the Securities)
during the Term (as hereinafter defined) of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the restructuring, inducement, exercise
solicitation and/or renegotiating the terms of certain warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company and a so-called
at- the-market facility (ATM) (each, an Offering). The terms of each Offering and the
Securities issued in connection therewith shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and Wainwright and nothing herein implies
that Wainwright would have the power or authority to bind the Company and nothing herein implies that the Company shall have an
obligation to issue any Securities. It is understood that Wainwrights assistance in an Offering will be subject to the
satisfactory completion of such investigation and inquiry into the affairs of the Company as Wainwright deems appropriate under the
circumstances and to the receipt of all internal approvals of Wainwright in connection with an Offering. The Company expressly
acknowledges and agrees that Wainwrights involvement in an Offering is strictly on a reasonable best efforts basis and that
the consummation of an Offering will be subject to, among other things, market conditions. The execution of this Agreement does not
constitute a commitment by Wainwright to purchase the Securities and does not ensure a successful Offering of the Securities or the
success of Wainwright with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. Wainwright may retain other
underwriters, brokers, dealers or agents on its behalf in connection with an Offering.

A. Compensation; Reimbursement. The Company shall compensate
Wainwright, as follows:

1. Cash Fee. The Company shall pay to Wainwright a cash fee, or as to an underwritten
Offering an underwriter discount, equal to 7.5% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised at each closing of each Offering (each, a Closing);
provided, however, that the cash fee for an ATM shall equal 3.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in each takedown pursuant to an
ATM.

2. Warrant Coverage. The Company shall issue to Wainwright or its designees
at each Closing, warrants (the Wainwright Warrants) to purchase that number of shares of common stock of the Company
equal to 7.5% of the aggregate number of shares of common stock (or common stock equivalent,
if applicable) placed in each Offering (and if an Offering includes a greenshoe or additional investment component,
such number of shares of common stock underlying such greenshoe or additional investment component, with the
Wainwright Warrants issuable upon the exercise of such component); provided, however, that no warrants will be issued to Wainwright in
connection with an ATM. If the Securities included in an Offering are convertible, the Wainwright Warrants shall be determined by dividing
the gross proceeds raised in such Offering by the Offering Price (as defined hereunder). The Wainwright Warrants shall be in a customary
form reasonably acceptable to Wainwright, have a term of five (5) years and an exercise price equal to 125% of the offering price per
share (or unit, if applicable) in the applicable Offering and if such offering price is not available, the market price of the common
stock on the date an Offering is commenced (such price, the Offering Price). If warrants are issued to investors
in an Offering, the Wainwright Warrants shall have the same terms as the warrants issued to investors in the applicable Offering, except
that such Wainwright Warrants shall have an exercise price equal to 125% of the Offering Price.

430
Park Avenue | New York, New York 10022 | 212.356.0500 | www.hcwco.com

Member: FINRA/SIPC

3. Expense Allowance. Out of the proceeds of each Closing, the Company also
agrees to pay Wainwright (a) a management fee equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds raised in each Offering; (b) $35,000 for non-accountable
expenses (to be increased to $50,000 in case a public Offering is contemplated or consummated); (c) up to $50,000 for fees and expenses
of legal counsel and other out-of-pocket expenses (to be increased to $100,000 in case a public Offering is contemplated or consummated);
plus the additional amount payable by the Company pursuant to Paragraph D.4 hereunder and, if applicable, the costs associated with the
use of a third-party electronic road show service (such as NetRoadshow); provided, however, that such amounts in no way limit or impair
the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary included in the preceding paragraph, in connection with an ATM, the Company shall pay Wainwright up to $100,000 for fees and
expenses of its legal counsel in addition to any other out-of-pocket expenses that will be incurred by the Company and Wainwright in connection
with the set-up, execution, performance and maintenance of the ATM.

4. Tail. Wainwright shall be entitled to compensation under clauses (1) and
(2) hereunder, calculated in the manner set forth therein, with respect to any public or private offering or other financing or capital-raising
transaction of any kind (Tail Financing) to the extent that any capital or funds in such Tail Financing is provided
to the Company directly or indirectly by investors whom Wainwright had contacted during the Term or introduced to the Company during the
Term, if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the 12-month period following the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

5. Right of First Refusal. If, from the date hereof until the 12-month anniversary
following consummation of each Offering (subject to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A)), the Company or any of its subsidiaries (a) decides to dispose
of or acquire business units or acquire any of its outstanding securities or make any exchange or tender offer or enter into a merger,
consolidation or other business combination or any recapitalization, reorganization, restructuring or other similar
transaction, including, without limitation, an extraordinary dividend or distributions or a spin-off or split-off, Wainwright (or any
affiliate designated by Wainwright) shall have the right to act as the Companys exclusive financial advisor for any such transaction;
or (b) decides to finance or refinance any indebtedness, Wainwright (or any affiliate designated by Wainwright) shall have the right to
act as sole book-runner, sole manager, sole placement agent or sole agent with respect to such financing or refinancing; or (c) decides
to raise funds by means of a public offering (including ATMs) or a private placement or any other capital-raising financing of equity,
equity-linked or debt securities, Wainwright (or any affiliate designated by Wainwright) shall have the right to act as sole book-running
manager, sole underwriter or sole placement agent for such financing. If Wainwright or one of its affiliates decides to accept any such
engagement, the agreement governing such engagement will contain, among other things, provisions for customary fees for transactions of
similar size and nature and the provisions of this Agreement, including indemnification, which are appropriate to such a transaction.

2

B. Term
and Termination of Engagement; Exclusivity. The term of Wainwrights exclusive engagement will begin on the date hereof and
end ninety (90) days thereafter (the Initial Term); provided, however, that if an Offering is consummated within
the Initial Term, the term of this Agreement shall be extended by an additional ninety (90) day period (the Extension Term,
and together with the Initial Term, the Term). For clarity, the term Term shall mean the Initial Term
if there is no Extension Term. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company agrees that the provisions relating
to the payment of fees, reimbursement of expenses, right of first refusal, tail, indemnification and contribution, confidentiality, conflicts,
independent contractor and waiver of the right to trial by jury will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company has the right to terminate the Agreement for cause in compliance with FINRA Rule
5110(g)(5)(B)(i). The exercise of such right of termination for cause eliminates the Companys obligations with respect to the
provisions relating to the tail fees and right of first refusal. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement,
in the event that an Offering pursuant to this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever during the Term, the Company
shall be obligated to pay to Wainwright its actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to an Offering (including the fees
and disbursements of Wainwrights legal counsel) and, if applicable, for electronic road show service used in connection with an
Offering. During Wainwrights engagement hereunder: (i) the Company will not, and will not permit its representatives to, other
than in coordination with Wainwright, contact or solicit institutions, corporations or other entities or individuals as potential purchasers
of the Securities or investment banks in connection with an Offering and (ii) the Company will not pursue any financing transaction which
would be in lieu of an Offering. Furthermore, the Company agrees that during Wainwrights engagement hereunder, all inquiries from
prospective investors will be referred to Wainwright. Additionally, except as set forth hereunder, the Company represents, warrants and
covenants that no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company
to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other third-party with respect to
any Offering. 

C. Information;
Reliance. The Company shall furnish, or cause to be furnished, to Wainwright all information requested by Wainwright for the purpose
of rendering services hereunder and conducting due diligence (all such information being the Information). In addition,
the Company agrees to make available to Wainwright upon request from time to time the officers, directors, accountants, counsel and other
advisors of the Company. The Company recognizes and confirms that Wainwright (a) will use and rely on the Information, including any documents
provided to investors in each Offering (the Offering Documents) which shall include any Purchase Agreement (as defined
hereunder), and on information available from generally recognized public sources in performing the services contemplated by this Agreement
without having independently verified the same; (b) does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the Offering Documents
or the Information and such other information; and (c) will not make an appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of the Company.
Upon reasonable request, the Company will meet with Wainwright or its representatives to discuss all information relevant for disclosure
in the Offering Documents and will cooperate in any investigation undertaken by Wainwright thereof, including any document included or
incorporated by reference therein. At each Offering, at the request of Wainwright, the Company shall deliver such legal letters (including,
without limitation, negative assurance letters), opinions, comfort letters, officers and secretary certificates and good standing
certificates, all in form and substance satisfactory to Wainwright and its counsel as is customary for such Offering. Wainwright shall
be a third party beneficiary of any representations, warranties, covenants, closing conditions and closing deliverables made by the Company
in any Offering Documents, including representations, warranties, covenants, closing conditions and closing deliverables made to any investor
in an Offering.

3

D. Related
Agreements. At each Offering, the Company shall enter into the following additional agreements, as applicable:

1. Underwritten Offering. If an Offering is an underwritten Offering, the Company
and Wainwright shall enter into a customary underwriting agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Wainwright and its counsel.

2. Best Efforts Offering. If an Offering is on a best efforts basis, the sale
of Securities to the investors in the Offering will be evidenced by a purchase agreement (Purchase Agreement) between
the Company and such investors in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and Wainwright. Wainwright shall be a third party beneficiary
with respect to the representations, warranties, covenants, closing conditions and closing deliverables included in the Purchase Agreement.
Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, officers of the Company with responsibility for financial affairs will be available to
answer inquiries from prospective investors.

3. ATM Offering. If an Offering is an ATM, the Company and Wainwright shall
enter into a customary at-the-market sales agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Wainwright and its counsel.

4. Escrow, Settlement and Closing. If each Offering is not settled via delivery
versus payment (DVP), the Company and Wainwright shall enter into an escrow agreement with a third party escrow agent
pursuant to which Wainwrights compensation and expenses shall be paid from the gross proceeds of the Securities sold. If the Offering
is settled in whole or in part via DVP, Wainwright shall arrange for its clearing agent to provide the funds to facilitate such settlement;
provided, however, if the clearing firm provides the funds in a best efforts offering and subsequent to such delivery an investor fails
to provide the necessary funds to the clearing agent for such purchase of Securities, Wainwright shall instruct the clearing agent to
promptly return any such Securities to the Company and the Company shall promptly return such investors purchase price to the clearing
agent. The Company shall pay Wainwright closing costs, which shall also include the reimbursement of the out-of-pocket cost of the escrow
agent or clearing agent, as applicable, which closing costs shall not exceed $15,950.

5. FINRA Amendments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that Wainwright
determines that any of the terms provided for hereunder shall not comply with a FINRA rule, including but not limited to FINRA Rule 5110,
then the Company shall agree to amend this Agreement (or include such revisions in the final underwriting agreement) in writing upon the
request of Wainwright to comply with any such rules; provided that any such amendments shall not provide for terms that are less favorable
to the Company than are reflected in this Agreement.

E. Confidentiality.
In the event of the consummation or public announcement of any Offering, Wainwright shall have the right to disclose its participation
in such Offering, including, without limitation, the Offering at its cost of tombstone advertisements in financial and other
newspapers and journals.

4

F. Indemnity.

1. In connection with the Companys engagement of Wainwright hereunder, the
Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Wainwright and its affiliates, and the respective controlling persons, directors,
officers, members, shareholders, agents and employees of any of the foregoing (collectively the Indemnified Persons),
from and against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings (including those of shareholders), damages, liabilities and expenses
incurred by any of them (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred, whether or not the Company is a party thereto
(collectively a Claim), that are (A) related to or arise out of (i) any actions taken or omitted to be taken (including
any untrue statements made or any statements omitted to be made) by the Company, or (ii) any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any
Indemnified Person in connection with the Companys engagement of Wainwright, or (B) otherwise relate to or arise out of Wainwrights
activities on the Companys behalf under Wainwrights engagement, and the Company shall reimburse any Indemnified Person for
all expenses (including the reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel) as incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any such
claim, action, suit or proceeding, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation in which any Indemnified Person
is a party. The Company will not, however, be responsible for any Claim that is finally judicially determined to have resulted from the
gross negligence or willful misconduct of any such Indemnified Person for such Claim. The Company further agrees that no Indemnified Person
shall have any liability to the Company for or in connection with the Companys engagement of Wainwright except for any Claim incurred
by the Company as a result of such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct.

2. The Company further agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent
of Wainwright, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened Claim in respect of which indemnification
may be sought hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Person is an actual or potential party to such Claim), unless such settlement,
compromise or consent includes an unconditional, irrevocable release of each Indemnified Person from any and all liability arising out
of such Claim.

3. Promptly upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of any complaint or the
assertion or institution of any Claim with respect to which indemnification is being sought hereunder, such Indemnified Person shall notify
the Company in writing of such complaint or of such assertion or institution but failure to so notify the Company shall not relieve the
Company from any obligation it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company
of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company is requested by such Indemnified Person, the Company will assume the defense of such
Claim, including the employment of counsel for such Indemnified Person and the payment of the fees and expenses of such counsel, provided,
however, that such counsel shall be satisfactory to the Indemnified Person and provided further that if the legal counsel to such Indemnified
Person reasonably determines that the use of counsel chosen by the Company to represent such Indemnified Person would present such counsel
with a conflict of interest or if the defendant in, or target of, any such Claim, includes an Indemnified Person and the Company, and
legal counsel to such Indemnified Person reasonably concludes that there may be legal defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons
different from or in addition to those available to the Company, such Indemnified Person will employ its own separate counsel (including
local counsel, if necessary) to represent or defend him, her or it in any such Claim and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and
expenses of such counsel. If such Indemnified Person does not request that the Company assume the defense of such Claim, such Indemnified
Person will employ its own separate counsel (including local counsel, if necessary) to represent or defend him, her or it in any such
Claim and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if
the Company fails timely or diligently to defend, contest,
or otherwise protect against any Claim, the relevant Indemnified Person shall have the right, but not the obligation, to defend, contest,
compromise, settle, assert crossclaims, or counterclaims or otherwise protect against the same, and shall be fully indemnified by the
Company therefor, including without limitation, for the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and all amounts paid as a result of
such Claim or the compromise or settlement thereof. In addition, with respect to any Claim in which the Company assumes the defense, the
Indemnified Person shall have the right to participate in such Claim and to retain his, her or its own counsel therefor at his, her or
its own expense.

5

4. The Company agrees that if any indemnity sought by an Indemnified Person hereunder
is held by a court to be unavailable for any reason then (whether or not Wainwright is the Indemnified Person), the Company and Wainwright
shall contribute to the Claim for which such indemnity is held unavailable in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and Wainwright on the other, in connection with Wainwrights engagement referred to above,
subject to the limitation that in no event shall the amount of Wainwrights contribution to such Claim exceed the amount of fees
actually received by Wainwright from the Company pursuant to Wainwrights engagement. The Company hereby agrees that the relative
benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and Wainwright on the other, with respect to Wainwrights engagement shall be deemed to
be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or proposed to be paid or received by the Company pursuant to the applicable Offering
(whether or not consummated) for which Wainwright is engaged to render services bears to (b) the fee paid or proposed to
be paid to Wainwright in connection with such engagement.

5. The Companys indemnity, reimbursement and contribution obligations under
this Agreement (a) shall be in addition to, and shall in no way limit or otherwise adversely affect any rights that any Indemnified Person
may have at law or at equity and (b) shall be effective whether or not the Company is at fault in any way.

G.
Limitation of Engagement to the Company. The Company acknowledges that Wainwright has been retained only by the Company, that
Wainwright is providing services hereunder as an independent contractor (and not in any fiduciary or agency capacity) and that the Companys
engagement of Wainwright is not deemed to be on behalf of, and is not intended to confer rights upon, any shareholder, owner or partner
of the Company or any other person not a party hereto as against Wainwright or any of its affiliates, or any of its or their respective
officers, directors, controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act) or Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)), employees
or agents. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by Wainwright, no one other than the Company is authorized to rely upon this
Agreement or any other statements or conduct of Wainwright, and no one other than the Company is intended to be a beneficiary of this
Agreement. The Company acknowledges that any recommendation or advice, written or oral, given by Wainwright to the Company in connection
with Wainwrights engagement is intended solely for the benefit and use of the Companys management and directors in considering
a possible Offering, and any such recommendation or advice is not on behalf of, and shall not confer any rights or remedies upon, any
other person or be used or relied upon for any other purpose. Wainwright shall not have the authority to make any commitment binding
on the Company. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to reject any investor introduced to it by Wainwright.

H. Limitation
of Wainwrights Liability to the Company. Wainwright and the Company further agree that neither Wainwright nor any of its affiliates
or any of its or their respective officers, directors, controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act), employees or agents shall have any liability to the Company, its security holders or creditors, or any
person asserting claims on behalf of or in the right of the Company (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort, for an act of negligence
or otherwise) for any losses, fees, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or the services rendered hereunder, except for losses, fees, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses that arise out of or are based on
any action of or failure to act by Wainwright and that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of Wainwright.

6

I. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements
made and to be fully performed therein. Any disputes that arise under this Agreement, even after the termination of this Agreement, will
be heard only in the state or federal courts located in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly agree to
submit themselves to the jurisdiction of the foregoing courts in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto expressly
waive any rights they may have to contest the jurisdiction, venue or authority of any court sitting in the City and State of New York.
In the event Wainwright or any Indemnified Person is successful in any action, or suit against the Company, arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, the final judgment or award entered shall be entitled to have and recover from the Company the costs and expenses incurred
in connection therewith, including its reasonable attorneys fees. Any rights to trial by jury with respect to any such action,
proceeding or suit are hereby waived by Wainwright and the Company.

J. Notices.
All notices hereunder will be in writing and sent by certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or e-mail, if sent to Wainwright,
at the address set forth on the first page hereof, e-mail: notices@hcwco.com, Attention: Head of
Investment Banking, and if sent to the Company, to the address set forth on the first page hereof, e-mail: geoffdow@60degreespharma.com,
Attention: Chief Executive Officer. Notices sent by certified mail shall be deemed received five days thereafter, notices sent by hand
delivery or overnight delivery shall be deemed received on the date of the relevant written record of receipt, notices sent by e-mail
shall be deemed received as of the date and time they were sent.

K. Conflicts.
The Company acknowledges that Wainwright and its affiliates may have and may continue to have investment banking and other
relationships with parties other than the Company pursuant to which Wainwright may acquire information of interest to the Company.
Wainwright shall have no obligation to disclose such information to the Company or to use such information in connection with any
contemplated transaction.

L. Anti-Money
Laundering. To help the United States government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, the federal laws of the United
States require all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person with whom they do business.
This means Wainwright must ask the Company for certain identifying information, including a government-issued identification number (e.g.,
a U.S. taxpayer identification number) and such other information or documents that Wainwright considers appropriate to verify the Companys
identity, such as certified articles of incorporation, a government-issued business license, a partnership agreement or a trust instrument.

M. Miscellaneous.
The Company represents and warrants that it has all requisite power and authority to enter into and carry out the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not breach or conflict with any agreement, document
or instrument to which it is a party or bound. Furthermore, the Company represents and warrants that no consent, permit, waiver, approval
or authorization of any third party in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or an
Offering, is required or has not been obtained. This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by Wainwright
and the Company. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of both Wainwright and the Company and their respective
assigns, successors, and legal representatives. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of Wainwright and the Company with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement
is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect, and
the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including electronic
counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures
to this Agreement transmitted by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means
intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the
paper document bearing the original signature. The undersigned hereby consents to receipt of this Agreement in electronic form and understands
and agrees that this Agreement may be signed electronically. In the event that any signature is delivered by electronic mail (including
any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures
and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or otherwise by electronic transmission
evidencing an intent to sign this Agreement, such electronic mail or other electronic transmission shall create a valid and binding obligation
of the undersigned with the same force and effect as if such signature were an original. Execution and delivery of this Agreement by electronic
mail or other electronic transmission is legal, valid and binding for all purposes.

*********************

7

In acknowledgment
that the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding reached by Wainwright and the Company, please sign in the space provided below,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding Agreement as of the date indicated above.

Very truly yours,

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC

By: 

Name:

Title: 

Date:

Accepted and Agreed: 

60 DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Geoffrey Dow 

Title: CEO & President 

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex1-2_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.2

Execution Version

September 3, 2024

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

1025 Connecticut Avenue NW Suite 1000,

Washington, D.C. 20036

Attn: Geoffrey Dow, Chief Executive Officer and President

Dear Mr. Dow:

Reference is made to the engagement
letter (the Engagement Letter), dated as of August 30, 2024, by between 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company)
and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (Wainwright), pursuant to which Wainwright shall serve as the exclusive underwriter,
agent or advisor in any Offering of Securities of the Company during the Term. Defined terms used herein but not defined herein shall
have the meanings given to such terms in the Engagement Letter.

The Company and Wainwright hereby agree to amend
the Engagement Letter, as follows:

The following sentence shall
be added at the end of Paragraph A.1 of the Engagement Letter:

In addition, upon the
exercise for cash of any privately-placed, unregistered warrants issued to investors in an Offering, the Company shall pay Wainwright,
within five (5) business days of the Companys receipt of the exercise price, (i) a cash fee of 7.5% of the aggregate gross exercise
price paid in cash with respect thereto; and (ii) a management fee of 1.0% of the aggregate gross exercise price paid in cash with respect
thereto.

The following sentence shall
be added at the end of Paragraph A.2 of the Engagement Letter:

In addition, upon the
exercise for cash of any privately-placed, unregistered warrants issued to investors in an Offering, the Company shall issue to Wainwright
(or its designees), within five (5) business days of the Companys receipt of the exercise price, the Wainwright Warrants to purchase
that number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to 7.5% of the aggregate number of such shares of common stock underlying such
warrants that have been so exercised and such Wainwright Warrants will be in the same form and terms as the Wainwright Warrants originally
issued in the applicable Offering.

430 Park Avenue | New York, New York 10022 | 212.356.0500
| www.hcwco.com

Member: FINRA/SIPC

Except as expressly set forth
above, all of the terms and conditions of the Engagement Letter shall continue in full force and effect after the execution of this amendment
and shall not be in any way changed, modified or superseded except as set forth herein.

This amendment shall be construed
and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regards to conflicts of laws principles. This amendment may
be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and
hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by
the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable
law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly
delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

* * * * *

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this amendment
is executed as of the date first set forth above.

Very truly yours,

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Accepted and Agreed: 

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex1-3_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXTENSION TO ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.3

Execution
Version

January
[__], 2025

STRICTLY
CONFIDENTIAL

60
Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

1025
Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 1000,

Washington,
D.C. 20036

Attn:
Geoffrey Dow, Chief Executive Officer and President

Dear
Mr. Dow:

Reference
is made to that certain engagement agreement (the Engagement Agreement), dated as of August 30, 2024, as amended
on September 3, 2024, by and between 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) and H.C. Wainwright & Co.,
LLC (Wainwright). Defined terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in
the Engagement Agreement.

The
parties agree to amend the Engagement Agreement (this Amendment), as evidenced by their signatures hereon, on the
terms set forth herein as follows:

The
parties acknowledge and agree that the Term of the Engagement Agreement shall extend from its expiration date for an additional (90)
days.

Except
as expressly set forth above, all of the terms and conditions of the Engagement Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after
the execution of this Amendment and shall not be in any way changed, modified or superseded except as set forth herein. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, this Amendment shall be subject to the provisions regarding governing law and miscellaneous
provisions set forth in Paragraphs I and M of the Engagement Agreement, and such provisions are incorporated herein by this reference,
mutatis mutandis.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

430
Park Avenue | New York, New York 10022 | 212.356.0500 | www.hcwco.com

Member:
FINRA/SIPC

In
acknowledgment that the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding reached by Wainwright and the Company, please sign in the space
provided below, whereupon this Amendment shall constitute a binding agreement as of the date indicated above.

Very truly yours,

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Accepted and Agreed: 

60 DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex4-1_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

60 Degrees
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Warrant Shares: [*] Issue Date: January [*], 2025

Initial Exercise Date: January [*], 2025

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time the date set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on ______________1 (the Termination
Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of the
Companys Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price,
as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement) dated as of January 28, 2025, among the Company and the Purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in
whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the
Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is
applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise.The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect
to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing
such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the
Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as
reasonably practicable following the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this
Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company
shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

1 Insert the date that is the twenty-four (24) months anniversary
of the Initial Exercise Date, provided that, if such date is not a Trading Day, insert the immediately following Trading Day.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.771, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If and only if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable:
(i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1)
both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule
600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on
the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution
of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day
and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours
on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date
of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were
by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (ii) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX
Best Market (the OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on
OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the
Pink Market) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (ii) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock is
not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market, the most
recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (if applicable), and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the
Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii), after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date (such date,
the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Warrant
Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains
outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of
delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due
to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (provided that such price is
on actual market terms), and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant
Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation of the Company to pay compensation
for Buy-In under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with
the terms of Section 2(a).

4

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises
of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on a number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely
on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a
Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the
conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since
the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be [4.99%/9.99%] of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event
exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase
in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this Warrant is outstanding
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro
rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

6

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange
pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than a stock
split) or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not
within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled
to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black
Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or
whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the
Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in
such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which
Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained
from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the
public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation
shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered
in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will
be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Trading Days of the
Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity
in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such
shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section
3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or
(ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

7

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company may
satisfy the notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such information with the Commission on its Electronic Data Gathering,
Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form
10-K.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a
stock split) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common
Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder rights plan),
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least four (4) calendar days prior to the applicable record or
effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for
securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided
that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the
date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions
of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

9

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

10

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

11

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to
exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: 

Name: Geoffrey Dow

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: 60
Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money
of the United States; or

if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: _______________________ 

Holders Address: _______________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex4-2_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

60 Degrees
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Warrant Shares: [*] Issue Date: January
30, 2025

Initial Exercise Date: January
30, 2025

THIS PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time the date
set forth above (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on January 30, 2027
(the Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant
Shares) of the Companys Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal
to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant is issued pursuant to that certain engagement letter, dated as
of August 30, 2024, as amended, by and between the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC.

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement) dated as of January 28, 2025, among the Company and the Purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in
whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the
Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid,
the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer
or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is
applicable and specified in the attached Notice of Exercise.The Company shall have no obligation to inquire with respect
to or otherwise confirm the authenticity of the signature(s) contained on any Notice of Exercise nor the authority of the person so executing
such Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the
Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as
reasonably practicable following the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this
Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company
shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $1.2763, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless
Exercise. If and only if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised,
in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately
preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading
Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice
of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter
(including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a)
hereof, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and
such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading
hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder;
and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (ii) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX
Best Market (the OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on
OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the
Pink Market) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (i) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
(New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (ii) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (iii) if the Common Stock is
not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market, the most
recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (iv) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock
as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding
and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The
Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer
Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to
such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading
Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (if applicable), and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the
Standard Settlement Period, in each case (i) or (ii), after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and provided that payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date (such date,
the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless
exercise) is received by the Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages
and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of
the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Warrant
Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds
such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains
outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed
in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of
delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

3

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise by delivering written notice to the Company
at any time prior to the delivery of such Warrant Shares.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due
to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to
purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained
by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise
at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (provided that such price is
on actual market terms), and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant
Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. The obligation of the Company to pay compensation
for Buy-In under this Section 2(d)(iv) is subject to delivery by the Holder of the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with
the terms of Section 2(a).

4

v. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after
exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons
acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence,
the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises
of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on a number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely
on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the
Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder,
the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. 
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held
by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph
shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

5

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time that this Warrant is outstanding
the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro
rata to all of the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will
be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however,
that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c) Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend (other than
cash) or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of
capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the
beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

6

d) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (or any Subsidiary), directly or indirectly,
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock
or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange
pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than a stock
split) or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement)
with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor
or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e)
on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at
the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this
Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not
within the Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled
to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black
Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company
in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or
whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the
Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in
such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which
Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value
means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained
from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the
public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation
shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered
in such Fundamental Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will
be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Trading Days of the
Holders election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity
in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this
Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent
to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such
shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of
protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall
refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity
or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had
been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section
3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or
(ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

7

e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company may
satisfy the notice requirement in this Section 3(f) by filing such information with the Commission on its Electronic Data Gathering,
Analysis, and Retrieval (EDGAR) system pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form
10-K.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form other than a
stock split) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common
Stock (excluding any granting or issuance of rights to all of the Companys stockholders pursuant to a stockholder rights plan),
(C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least four (4) calendar days prior to the applicable record or
effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date
as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for
securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided
that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the
date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

8

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions
of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration
rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated
agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New
Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with
this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant
Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder
of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

9

d) Transfer
Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends
or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise
pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in
no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

10

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment (it being understood that this Warrant shall not in any
case prevent the Company from effecting any such amendment, reorganization, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issuance or
sale). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of
this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

11

g) Nonwaiver
and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as
a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that the right to
exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully
and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall
pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered to
the address of the Holder in the Warrant Register.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and
the Holder of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: 

Name: Geoffrey Dow

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.

(1) The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised
in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money
of the United States; or

if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subsection 2(c).

(3) Please
issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited
Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing
Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: _______________________ 

Holders Address: _______________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex5-1_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF SICHENZIA ROSS FERENCE CARMEL LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

January 30, 2025

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

1025 Connecticut Avenue NW Suite 1000

Washington, D.C. 

Re: Offering of Shares 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc, a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the offering (Offering)
by the Company of an aggregate of 1,021,549 (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the
Common Stock).

The Shares were sold by the
Company pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated January 28, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) and the accompanying base
prospectus, dated July 12, 2024 (together with the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus), that form part of the Companys
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280796) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
on July 12, 2024 (the Registration Statement), and declared effective on July 18, 2024, in accordance with the terms of
that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and the purchasers listed on the signature
page thereto (the Securities Purchase Agreement). This opinion letter is furnished to you at your request to enable you
to fulfill the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K, 17 C.F.R. 229.601(b)(5), in connection with the Registration Statement.

In connection with this opinion
letter, we have examined the following documents: (i) the Registration Statement; (ii) the Prospectus; (iii) the Securities Purchase Agreement;
and (iv) such corporate records, agreements, documents and other instruments, and such certificates or comparable documents of public
officials and of officers and representatives of the Company and have made such inquiries of such officers and representatives, as we
have deemed relevant and necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter set forth. We have also examined such questions of law as we
considered necessary.

In our examination
of documents for purposes of this opinion, we have assumed, and express no opinion as to, the genuineness of all signatures, the legal
capacity of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents
of all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed or photostatic copies, and the authenticity of the originals of such latter documents.
As to all questions of fact material to this opinion that have not been independently established, we have relied upon certificates or
comparable documents of officers and representatives of the Company.

Based upon, subject to, and
limited by the foregoing, we are of the opinion that as of the date hereof, following the issuance of the Shares against payment in full
of the consideration payable by the purchasers pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Shares will have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and validly issued and will be fully paid and non-assessable. 

1185
AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS | 31ST FLOOR | NEW YORK, NY | 10036

T
(212) 930-9700 | F (212) 930-9725 | WWW.SRFC.LAW

The foregoing opinions are
limited to matters involving the Delaware General Corporation Law and the Laws of the State of New York, and we do not express any opinion
as to the laws of any other jurisdiction.

We consent to the use of this
opinion as an Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement and further consent to all references to us, if any, in the Prospectus. We do
not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules
and regulations of the Commission thereunder. This opinion is rendered on, and speaks only as of, the date of this letter first written
above, and does not address any potential change in facts or law that may occur after the date of this opinion letter. We assume no obligation
to advise you of any fact, circumstance, event or change in the law or the facts that may hereafter be brought to our attention, whether
or not such occurrence would affect or modify any of the opinions expressed herein.

Very
truly yours,

/s/ Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS | 31ST FLOOR | NEW YORK, NY | 10036

T
(212) 930-9700 | F (212) 930-9725 | WWW.SRFC.LAW
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex10-1_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is entered into and made effective as of January 28, 2025, between 60 DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, subject to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to (i) an effective registration statement under the Securities Act (as defined
below) as to the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and (ii) an exemption from the registration requirements
of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder as to the
Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and
not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, Securities (as defined below) of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agreement
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

BHCA shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(rr).

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

BSA/PATRIOT
Act shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(h).

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed.

Buy-In
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(d).

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading
Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed on a day that is
not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with
Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a term of exercise equal to twenty-four
months from the initial exercise date, in the form of Exhibit A-1 attached hereto.

Common
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Company
Counsel means Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, with offices located at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York,
New York 10036.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

2

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof,
unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(rr).

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units, or options including the shares of Common
Stock underlying the restricted stock units or options, to employees, officers, directors, or consultants of the Company pursuant to any
stock or option plan or arrangement duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors
or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company,
provided, however, that any securities issued to consultants of the Company shall be issued as restricted securities (as
defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, (ii) warrants to the Placement Agent in connection with the transactions pursuant
to this Agreement and any shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants to the Placement Agent, if applicable, and/or shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or
exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities
have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or customary anti-dilution provisions
(such as stock split) contained therein as disclosed in the SEC Reports and the Prospectus Supplement) or to extend the term of such securities,
(iii) securities issued pursuant to mergers, acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no
registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period
in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is,
itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company
and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities, and (iv) securities for settlement of outstanding payables or liabilities provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement
in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein.

3

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ll).

Federal
Reserve shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(rr).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Issuer
Covered Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(rr).

IT Systems
and Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(nn).

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Money
Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ss).

Non-cooperative
Jurisdiction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(i).

OFAC
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(pp).

Per Share
Purchase Price equals $1.021, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date, provided
that the purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.001.

4

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pharmaceutical
Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Placement
Agent means H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and will expire when exercised in full, in the
form of Exhibit A-2 attached hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

Public
Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

Public
Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(b).

Purchaser
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Preamble.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or
incorporated by reference into such prospectus.

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, including all information,
documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such prospectus supplement, that is filed with the Commission and
delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Commission (File No. 333-280796), including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the
sale and issuance of the Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to the Purchasers.

5

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, but excluding the Warrant Shares.

Shell
Bank shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.2(h).

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants (if applicable) and Common
Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading
Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (excluding for the avoidance of doubt,
if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded
Warrants are exercised for cash).

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, and shall, where applicable, also
include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, The Nasdaq Capital Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

6

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Equity Stock Transfer, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 237 West 37th
Street, Suite 602, New York, NY 10018, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX
Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB
or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by OTC
Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share
of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

7

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing.
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase, an aggregate of approximately $1.044 million of Shares and Common Warrants; provided, however,
that to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates,
and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser may elect,
by so indicating such election prior to their issuance, to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in
the same aggregate purchase price being paid by such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, with respect to each Purchaser, at the election of such Purchaser at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date. In each case, the election
to receive Pre-Funded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the
signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP)
settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants (if
any) and Common Warrants, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other
items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2
and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such other location (including remotely by electronic transmission)
or as the Company and the Placement Agent shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares
shall occur via DVP (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers names and addresses
and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such
Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment therefor shall
be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through, and including
the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or
any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Shares),
such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company), be deemed to
be unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Shares to such
Purchaser at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior
to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during
the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares
of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) delivered on or prior to 04:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Closing Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing
Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

8

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) a
legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Placement Agent and Purchasers;

(iii) the
Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv) subject
to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited
basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to such Purchasers
Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price (minus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant, if applicable), registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(v) if
applicable, for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser
to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to
Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.001, with an exercise price equal to $0.001 per share of Common Stock,
subject to adjustment therein;

(vi) a
Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 200% of such Purchasers
Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, if applicable, with an exercise price equal to $0.771 per share, subject to adjustment therein;
and

(vii) the
Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants,
which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for DVP settlement
with the Company or its designee.

9

2.3 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;
and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such
representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the
extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed
in all material respects;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v) from
the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude
in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser,
makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

10

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section
of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the direct and indirect significant subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission)
of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity
interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary
are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in
violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis
its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect); provided that
a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed, in and itself, to constitute a Material
Adverse Effect. No Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit
or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute
the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by
general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting
enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

11

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets
of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property
or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in
a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property
or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not,
individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant
to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s)
to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading
thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission, and (v) such filings as are required to
be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance
of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free
and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in
conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on July 18, 2024, including the Prospectus, and such
amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Company was at the time of the filing
of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets
the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during
the twelve (12) calendar months prior to this offering, as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. The Registration Statement
is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending
or preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or,
to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission,
shall file the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments
thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto
conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities
Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

12

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall
also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof.
The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant
to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees
pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents
outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options,
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common
Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The
issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities
to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any
provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities
by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any
redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any
Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation
rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and
state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for
the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect
to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the
Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be
filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two
(2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the
foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations
of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

13

(i) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant
to existing Company equity compensation plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no
event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition
that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed
made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action), which, if there were an unfavorable decision, would individually or in the aggregate,
have resulted in or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j),
(i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or
(ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor
Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company,
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees
is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships
with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected
to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement
or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued
employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any
of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state, local and foreign
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where
the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(m) Environmental
Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii),
the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification
of any Material Permit.

(o) Title
to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal,
state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither
delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by
them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects.

15

(p) Intellectual
Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement,
except where such expiration, termination or abandonment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a
written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of
any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company,
all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and
value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any facts that would preclude it from having valid license
rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or will be unable to obtain any
rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct its business.

(q) Insurance.
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage in amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any
reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the executive officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, executive officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any executive
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any executive officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of One
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($120,000) other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement
for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option
plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley;
Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with any and all applicable
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and any
and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the
Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in
the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

16

(t) Certain
Fees. Except for compensation payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are
or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Investment
Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. As long
as the Securities remain outstanding, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to conduct its business in a manner so that it
will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v) Registration
Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any
securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future
continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the
fees to The Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x) Application
of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations
or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of
the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

17

(y) Disclosure.
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus Supplement.
The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and
correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no
Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be
integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of the Common
Warrants or Common Warrant Shares under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount
that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent
liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as
now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the
business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current
cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into
account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts
are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction
within one (1) year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured
Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement,
Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000)
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar
transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000) due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with
respect to any Indebtedness.

18

(bb) Tax Status.
Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations
and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the
periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc) Foreign
Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign
or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii)
failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the
Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.
The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is RBSM LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting
firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the
financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. 

(ee) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

19

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity.
Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood
and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed,
to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities
issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any
Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing
of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities;
(iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or
indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have
any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The
Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during
the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares
deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company
acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Regulation
M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf (other than the Placement Agent, as to which
no representation is made) has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased,
or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation
for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation
paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(hh) FDA.
As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled,
tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product),
such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance
with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket
clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product
listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have
a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit,
arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the
FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of,
the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical
Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising
or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters
or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges
any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all
material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA
that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced
or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed
or proposed to be developed by the Company.

20

(ii) Stock
Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with
the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common
Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys
stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice
to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(jj) Cybersecurity. 
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i)(x) there has been
no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and
computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and
any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data)
and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably
be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data that would require notification to any third
party, including any governmental or regulatory authority, under applicable law; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in
compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and
to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially
reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy
and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology
consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards and practices.

(kk) Compliance
with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were, in compliance
with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the European
Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws);
(ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis
of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable
Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable
Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter,
and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal
Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security
number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying
information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any
other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis
of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made
or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability
of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws;
(ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant
to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with
any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

21

(ll) Office
of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers request.

(nn) Bank
Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a
bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(oo) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or
any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(pp) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Common Warrants or the Common Warrant Shares by the Company to the
Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of
the Trading Market.

22

(qq) No General
Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Common Warrant or
Common Warrant Shares by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Common Warrants and Common
Warrant Shares for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under
the Securities Act.

(rr) No Disqualification
Events. With respect to the Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under
the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer
of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the Companys outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to
any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ss) Other
Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that
has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(tt) Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers and the Placement Agent in writing, prior to the Closing Date of
(i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably
be expected to become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate
as of such date):

(a) Organization;
Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

23

(b) Understandings
or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement
or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser understands that the Common Warrants and the Common Warrant Shares are restricted
securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring such Securities
as principal for his, her or its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities
in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings
with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to a
registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the
Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(c) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7),
(a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A(a) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser hereby represents that neither such Purchaser nor any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties
(as defined below) is a bad actor within the meaning of Rule 506(d) promulgated under the Securities Act. For purposes of
this Agreement, Rule 506(d) Related Party shall mean a person or entity covered by the Bad Actor disqualification
provision of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the
Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the
Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance
of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary
to such Purchaser.

24

(f) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has
any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or
sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first
received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms
of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions
of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by
the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons
party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners,
legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for
the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect
to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g) General
Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any
seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(h) Sanctioned
Persons; BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement), a Sanctioned
Person. Purchaser is not an institution that accepts currency for deposit and that (i) has no physical presence in the jurisdiction in
which it is incorporated or in which it is operating and (ii) is unaffiliated with a regulated financial group that is subject to consolidated
supervision (a Shell Bank) or providing banking services to a Shell Bank. Purchaser represents that if it is a financial
institution subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. Section 5311 et seq.), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and its implementing
regulations (collectively, the BSA/PATRIOT Act), that Purchaser maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed
to comply with applicable obligations under the BSA/PATRIOT Act. Purchaser also represents that, to the extent required by applicable
law, it maintains, either directly or through the use of a third-party administrator, policies, and procedures reasonably designed for
the screening of any investors in the Purchaser against Sanctions-related lists of blocked or restricted persons. Purchaser further represents
and warrants that (A) the funds held by Purchaser and used to purchase the Securities were not directly or indirectly derived from or
related to any activities that may contravene U.S. federal, state, or non-U.S. anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, or Sanctions laws
and regulations or activities that may otherwise be deemed criminal and (B) any returns from the Purchasers investment will not
be used to finance any illegal activities. For purposes of this Agreement, Sanctioned Person means at any time any person
or entity with whom dealings are restricted, prohibited, or sanctionable under any Sanctions (as defined below), including as a result
of being: (I) listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated or blocked or restricted persons; (II) that is a national of, the government
of, or any agency or instrumentality of the government of, or resident in, or organized under the laws of, a country or territory that
is the target of comprehensive Sanctions from time to time (as of the date of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the
Crimea region); or (III) a relationship of ownership, control, or agency with any of the foregoing. Sanctions means those
trade, economic and financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, and restrictive measures (in each case having the force of law)
administered, enacted, or enforced from time to time by (1) the United States (including without limitation the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department of Commerce), (2) the European Union
and enforced by its member states, (3) the United Nations, and (4) the United Kingdom.

25

(i) Non-cooperative
Jurisdiction. Purchaser is not owned or controlled by or acting on behalf of (in connection with this Agreement), a person or entity
resident in, or whose funds used to purchase the Securities are transferred from or through, a country, territory, or entity that (i)
has been designated as non-cooperative with international anti-money laundering or counter terrorist financing principles or procedures
by the United States or by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force, of which the United States
is a member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury;
or (iii) has been designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures
due to money laundering concerns (any such country or territory, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction), or an entity or
individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction.

(j) No
Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the
Securities, nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on
the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute
a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or
similar transactions in the future.

26

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Removal
of Legends.

(a) The
Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection
with any transfer of Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144,
to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require
the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require
registration of such transferred Warrant under the Securities Act.

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Common Warrants or Common
Warrant Shares in the following form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges
and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares to a financial institution that is an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser
may transfer pledged or secured Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer
would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be
required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the
Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Common Warrants and Common Warrant Shares
may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares.

27

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Common Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while
a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale of such
Common Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Common Warrants), or (iii) if such Common Warrant Shares
are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Common Warrants), or (iv) if such legend is not required under
applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission).
The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly if required by the Transfer
Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Common Warrant
is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Common Warrant Shares, or if such
Common Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Common Warrants) or if such legend is not otherwise
required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff
of the Commission) then such Common Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as
such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), the Company will, no later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and
(ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to
the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Common Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend
(such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing
such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions
to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Common Warrant Shares subject to legend removal
hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with
the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means
the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Common Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

(d) In
addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Common Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities
are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day
(increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal
Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered)
to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Common Warrant Shares so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser
that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number
of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common
Stock, that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then an amount equal to the excess of
such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares
of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price)
over the product of (A) such number of Common Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend
Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the
date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Common Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date
of such delivery and payment under this Section 4.1(d).

28

(e) The
Shares shall be issued free of legends. If all or any portion of a Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective
registration statement to cover the issuance or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares or if the Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised via
cashless exercise, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free of all legends. If at any time
following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, the Company shall
immediately notify the holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective and thereafter
shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale of the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser
to sell, any of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use
best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.2 Furnishing
of Information.

(a) Until
the earlier of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities and (ii) the Common Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to timely
file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company
after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act.

(b) At
any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Common
Warrant Shares (assuming cashless exercise) may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1)
and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current
public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer in
the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure)
then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Common Warrant Shares, an amount
in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Exercise Price of such Purchasers Common Warrants on the day of a Public Information
Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty (30) days) thereafter until the earlier of
(a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the
Purchasers to transfer the Common Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant
to this Section 4.2(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure
Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments
are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is
cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure
Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit
such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue
all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares or that would be integrated with the offer or sale
of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

29

4.4 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto,
with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents
to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and
agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers
or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms
that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and
each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with
respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is
required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission
and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers
with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5 Shareholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6 Non-Public
Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information
and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not
have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees
or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or
Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable
law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or by issuing a press release containing such material non-public information. The
Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

30

4.7 Use
of Proceeds. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the
Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys
debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC
regulations.

4.8 Indemnification
of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court
costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (c) in connection with any registration
statement of the Company providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Common Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of
the Common Warrants, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses,
as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration
statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such
Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged
violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in
connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant
to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the
defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right
to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall
be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the
Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in
such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more
than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a
Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2)
to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of
any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction
Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course
of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in
addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company
may be subject to pursuant to law.

31

4.9 Reservation
of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all
times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.10 Listing
of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common
Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote
all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on
such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it
will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take
all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to
maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.10 shall not apply in the event
that the Company consummates: any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which the Company (or any surviving entity)
ceases to be a public company.

4.11 [RESERVED]

4.12 Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(a) From
the date hereof until five (5) days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any
agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file
any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement, the filing of a registration statement
or any amendment thereto with respect to the Common Warrant Shares or filing a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any
employee compensation plan.

(b) From
the date hereof until the one (1) year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the
Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right
to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is
based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance
of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future
date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock split or stock dividend or similar
event) or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market
for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line
of credit or an at-the-market facility, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless
of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled;
provided, however, that, following the expiration of the restrictive period set forth in Section 4.12(a) above, the entry
into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at-the-market facility with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall
not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude
any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

32

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an
Exempt Issuance.

4.13 Equal
Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is
also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right
granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers
as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition
or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.14 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it,
nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales,
of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules
(other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained
in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty
or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no
Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable
securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade
in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates
or agent, including , without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section
4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio
managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment
decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities
covered by this Agreement.

4.15 Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the
effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

33

4.16 Capital
Changes. Until the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification
of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants
other than a reverse stock split that is required, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors, to maintain the listing
of the Common Stock on the Trading Market.

4.17 Exercise
Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers
to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the
Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.18 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. If required, the Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Common Warrant and Common Warrant
Shares as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such
action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Common Warrant and
Common Warrant Shares for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states
of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.19 Registration
Statement. As soon as practicable (and in any event within 45 calendar days of the date of this Agreement), the Company shall
file a registration statement on Form S-1 providing for the resale by the Purchasers of the Common Warrant Shares issued and issuable
upon exercise of the Common Warrants. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become
effective within 75 days following the Closing Date and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until no Purchaser
owns any Common Warrants or Common Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. 
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated
on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however, that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

34

5.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses
of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation,
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without
limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered
by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a
Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment
at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K or by issuing a press release
containing such material non-public information.

5.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in
the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants
based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver,
by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of at least 50.1% in interest of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

35

5.6 Headings.
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other
than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and covenants
of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This Agreement
is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of,
nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered
or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action
or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section
4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

36

5.10 Survival.
The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery (including any electronic
signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act
or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly
delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with
the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise
of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice
concurrently (if such shares were delivered to the applicable Purchaser) with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price
paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers
Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall
issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of
such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may
not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby
agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would
be adequate.

37

5.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required
to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
the legal counsel of the Placement Agent. The legal counsel of the Placement Agent does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents
the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience
of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that
each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and
not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been
paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due
and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays,
Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein
shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.20 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.21 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

38

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of
the date first indicated above.

60 DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Address for Notice:

1025 Connecticut Avenue NW Suite 1000

Washington, D.C. 20036

By: 

Name: Geoffrey Dow E-Mail:

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President geoffdow@60degreespharma.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO SXTP SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated
above.

Name of Purchaser: ______________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:
_________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address
for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Shares: _________________

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker
4.99% or 9.99%

Common Warrant Shares: _____________ _____ Beneficial Ownership Blocker
4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: ____________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the Company
to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing
shall occur by the Closing Date and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause
(i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase
price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed
(as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on
the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex99-1_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 29, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

60 Degrees Pharma Announces $1.043 Million
Registered Direct Offering Priced At-the-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

WASHINGTON, Jan. 29, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: SXTP; SXTPW) (the Company), a pharmaceutical company focused on developing new
medicines for infectious diseases, today announced that it has entered into definitive agreements for the purchase and sale of an aggregate
of 1,021,549 shares of its common stock at a purchase price of $1.021 per share in a registered direct offering priced at-the-market under
Nasdaq rules. In addition, in a concurrent private placement, the Company will issue unregistered short-term warrants to purchase up to
an aggregate of 2,043,098 shares of common stock. The short-term warrants will have an exercise price of $0.771 per share, will be exercisable
upon issuance and expire twenty-four months following the date of issuance. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on or about
January 30, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive
placement agent for the offering.

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from
the offering are expected to be $1.043 million, before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company.
The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The shares of common stock (but not the short-term
warrants issued in the private placement or the shares of common stock underlying such short-term warrants) are being offered by the Company
pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280796) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on July 12, 2024 and became effective on July 18, 2024. The registered direct offering of the shares of common stock
is being made only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement.
The prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the shares of common stock being offered in the registered direct
offering will be filed with the SEC and be available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the prospectus supplement
and the accompanying prospectus relating to the registered direct offering may also be obtained, when available, by contacting H.C. Wainwright
& Co. at 430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (212) 856-5711 or e-mail at placements@hcwco.com.

The short-term warrants described above are being
issued in a concurrent private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying the short-term warrants, have not been registered
under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the short-term warrants and underlying shares of common stock
may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc., founded in 2010,
specializes in developing and marketing new medicines for the treatment and prevention of infectious diseases that affect the lives of
millions of people. 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. achieved approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of
its lead product, ARAKODA (tafenoquine), for malaria prevention, in 2018. 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. also collaborates
with prominent research organizations in the U.S., Australia, and Singapore. The 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. mission has been supported
through in-kind funding from the U.S. Department of Defense and private institutional investors including Knight Therapeutics Inc., a
Canadian-based pan-American specialty pharmaceutical company. 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is headquartered in Washington D.C., with
a majority-owned subsidiary in Australia. Learn more at www.60degreespharma.com. The statements contained herein may include prospects,
statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on managements current views and assumptions
and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially from those expressed
or implied in such forward-looking statements.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements reflect the current view about future events. When used in this press release, the words anticipate, believe,
estimate, expect, future, intend, plan, or the negative of these
terms and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and
assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy,
activities of regulators and future regulations and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future,
they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside
of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial
condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: our ability
to consummation of the offering; the satisfaction of the closing conditions of the offering and the use of proceeds therefrom; there is
substantial doubt as to our ability to continue on a going-concern basis; we might not be eligible for Australian government research
and development tax rebates; if we are not able to successfully develop, obtain FDA approval for, and provide for the commercialization
of non-malaria prevention indications for tafenoquine (ARAKODA or other regimen) or Celgosivir in a timely manner,
we may not be able to expand our business operations; we may not be able to successfully conduct planned clinical trials or patient recruitment
in our trials might be slow or negligible; and we have no manufacturing capacity which puts us at risk of lengthy and costly delays of
bringing our products to market. More detailed information about the Company and the risk factors that may affect the realization
of forward-looking statements is set forth in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
including the information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, and our subsequent SEC filings,
as well as marked and other conditions. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents free of charge on the SECs
website at www.sec.gov. As a result of these matters, changes in facts, assumptions not being realized or other circumstances, the
Companys actual results may differ materially from the expected results discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in
this press release. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this press release is based only on information currently available to
us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether
written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except
as required by law.

Media Contact:

Sheila A. Burke

SheilaBurke-consultant@60degreespharma.com

(484) 667-6330

Investor Contact:

Patrick Gaynes

patrickgaynes@60degreespharma.com

(310) 989-5666
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea022931001ex99-2_60degrees.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 30, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

60 Degrees Pharma Announces Closing of $1.043
Million Registered Direct Offering Priced At-the-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

WASHINGTON, D.C., January 30, 2025 -- 60 Degrees
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: SXTP; SXTPW) (the Company), a pharmaceutical company focused on developing new medicines
for infectious diseases, today announced the closing of its previously announced registered direct offering priced at-the-market under
Nasdaq rules for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of 1,021,549 shares of its common stock at a purchase price of $1.021 per share.
In addition, in a concurrent private placement, the Company issued unregistered short-term warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of
2,043,098 shares of common stock. The short-term warrants have an exercise price of $0.771 per share, are exercisable upon issuance and
will expire twenty-four months following the date of issuance.

H.C. Wainwright & Co. acted as the exclusive
placement agent for the offering.

The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from
the offering were approximately $1.043 million, before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company.
The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

The shares of common stock (but not the short-term
warrants issued in the private placement or the shares of common stock underlying such short-term warrants) were offered by the Company
pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280796) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) on July 12, 2024 and became effective on July 18, 2024. The registered direct offering of the shares of common stock
were made only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement. The
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the shares of common stock being offered in the registered direct offering
have been filed with the SEC and is available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Electronic copies of the prospectus supplement and
the accompanying prospectus relating to the registered direct offering may also be obtained by contacting H.C. Wainwright & Co. at
430 Park Avenue, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (212) 856-5711 or e-mail at placements@hcwco.com.

The short-term warrants described above were issued
in a concurrent private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying the short-term warrants, have not been registered
under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, the short-term warrants and underlying shares of common stock
may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc., founded in 2010,
specializes in developing and marketing new medicines for the treatment and prevention of infectious diseases that affect the lives of
millions of people. 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. achieved approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of
its lead product, ARAKODA (tafenoquine), for malaria prevention, in 2018. 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. also collaborates
with prominent research organizations in the U.S., Australia, and Singapore. The 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. mission has been supported
through in-kind funding from the U.S. Department of Defense and private institutional investors including Knight Therapeutics Inc., a
Canadian-based pan-American specialty pharmaceutical company. 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is headquartered in Washington D.C., with
a majority-owned subsidiary in Australia. Learn more at www.60degreespharma.com. The statements contained herein may include prospects,
statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on managements current views and assumptions
and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially from those expressed
or implied in such forward-looking statements.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements reflect the current view about future events. When used in this press release, the words anticipate, believe,
estimate, expect, future, intend, plan, or the negative of these
terms and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and
assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy,
activities of regulators and future regulations and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future,
they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside
of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial
condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: the use of
proceeds from the offering; there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue on a going-concern basis; we might not be eligible
for Australian government research and development tax rebates; if we are not able to successfully develop, obtain FDA approval for, and
provide for the commercialization of non-malaria prevention indications for tafenoquine (ARAKODA or other regimen)
or Celgosivir in a timely manner, we may not be able to expand our business operations; we may not be able to successfully conduct planned
clinical trials or patient recruitment in our trials might be slow or negligible; and we have no manufacturing capacity which puts us
at risk of lengthy and costly delays of bringing our products to market. More detailed information about the Company and the risk
factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements is set forth in the Companys filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC on April 1, 2024, and our subsequent SEC filings, as well as marked and other conditions. Investors and security holders are urged
to read these documents free of charge on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. As a result of these matters, changes in facts,
assumptions not being realized or other circumstances, the Companys actual results may differ materially from the expected results
discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this press release
is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of
new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

END

Media Contact:

Sheila A. Burke

SheilaBurke-consultant@60degreespharma.com

(484) 667-6330

Investor Contact:

Patrick Gaynes

patrickgaynes@60degreespharma.com

(310) 989-5666
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>sxtp-20250128.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>sxtp-20250128_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>sxtp-20250128_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>sxtp-20250128_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex1-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex1-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex1-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 28, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41719

Entity Registrant Name 60
DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001946563

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2406880

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1025
Connecticut Avenue NW Suite 1000

Entity Address, City or Town Washington

Entity Address, State or Province DC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20036

City Area Code 202

Local Phone Number 327-5422

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SXTP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock

Trading Symbol SXTPW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SXTP_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=SXTP_WarrantsEachWarrantToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://60degreespharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0229310-8k_60degrees.htm 
sxtp-20250128.xsd 
sxtp-20250128_def.xml 
sxtp-20250128_lab.xml 
sxtp-20250128_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-008463-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ea0229310-8k_60degrees_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001946563 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001946563 

SXTP:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

0001946563 

SXTP:WarrantsEachWarrantToPurchaseOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-01-28 
2025-01-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001946563 
DC 
8-K 
2025-01-28 
60 DEGREES PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
001-41719 
45-2406880 
1025 Connecticut Avenue NW Suite 1000 
Washington 
20036 
202 
327-5422 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
SXTP 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock 
SXTPW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>