<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-002664.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-002664.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204084852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-002664
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				465696597
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37744
		FILM NUMBER:		25585493

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3957 POINT EDEN WAY
		CITY:			HAYWARD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94545
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-906-4600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3957 POINT EDEN WAY
		CITY:			HAYWARD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94545

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pulse Biosciences, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Electroblate, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141113
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>plse20250131_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?plse20250131_8k.htm

false000162510100016251012025-01-312025-01-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):January 31, 2025

Pulse Biosciences, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-37744 

46-5696597

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

601 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 1080

Miami, Florida33131

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

510-906-4600

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, If Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common stock, $0.001 par value per share 

PLSE 

The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Chief Financial Officer Appointment

Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (the Company) has appointed Jon Skinner as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of February 3, 2025 (the Start Date). In connection with his appointment, Mr. Skinner will also serve as the Companys principal financial officer.

Mr. Skinner most recently served as Vice President, FP&A and Investor Relations at Copeland, a private equity backed industrial company. Prior to this role, Mr. Skinner was Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development at Imperative Care, a venture backed medical technology company. There, he spearheaded M&A, strategy, partnerships, and sales operations along with providing financial and strategic support for all development stage business units. While at Imperative Care, he also served as the interim CFO of Kandu Health during its spin-out and fundraising process. Prior to his time at Imperative Care, Mr. Skinner served as Vice President, Finance Interventional Urology at Teleflex (NYSE: TFX), a global medical technology company. There he led accounting, FP&A, customer service, and sales operations for the Interventional Urology Business Unit, following his role as Senior Director, Corporate Development, where he helped close 25 M&A transactions. Prior to Teleflex, Mr. Skinner spent time at Axalta Coating Systems (NYSE: AXTA) working on its carve-out and IPO and at Duff & Phelps (now Kroll) in the Valuation Advisory Group. Mr. Skinner holds a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Business Administration from The Ohio State University.

There are no reportable family relationships or related party transactions (as defined in Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K) involving the Company and Mr. Skinner. Mr. Skinner was not selected to serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with any person.

Employment Agreement and Other Compensatory Arrangements

In connection with Mr. Skinners appointment as Chief Financial Officer, the Company and Mr. Skinner entered into an Employment Agreement, dated January 31, 2025 (the Employment Agreement), pursuant to which Mr. Skinner will serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer. The material terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement are summarized below.

Mr. Skinners Employment Agreement has no specific term and constitutes at-will employment. His current annual base salary is $400,000 and he is eligible for an annual target bonus equal to 50% of his annual base salary, subject to achievement of performance objectives set by the Company. Mr. Skinner is also eligible to participate in employee benefit plans maintained from time to time by the Company of general applicability to other senior executives. He will also receive a sign-on bonus of up to $56,000.

In connection with his appointment, the Company awarded Mr. Skinner a stock option (the Start Date Option) to purchase up to 300,000 shares of the Companys common stock, with an exercise price of $20.93 per share, the closing price of the Companys common stock on January 31, 2025, the last trading day preceding Mr. Skinners employment start date and date of grant. The award was made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Companys Amended and Restated 2017 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan. The Start Date Option has a ten-year term and will vest as follows: Subject to certain accelerated vesting provisions as described in the Employment Agreement, (i) up to 50% of the option shares subject to the Start Date Option (equal to 150,000 option shares) will vest over four years as follows: 12.5% (equal to 37,500 option shares) will vest on the first anniversary of the Start Date and thereafter 12.5% (equal to 37,500 option shares per year) will vest in equal amounts on an annual basis over the three year period starting with the first anniversary of the Start Date; (ii) 50% of the option shares subject to the Start Date Option (equal to 150,000 options shares) will vest based upon the achievement of the following performance objectives:

1. 

25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than two billion ($2.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $8 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months;

2. 25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than three billion ($3.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $48 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months;

3. 25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than four billion ($4.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $115 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months;

4. 25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than five billion ($5.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $175 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months.

Mr. Skinner has also entered into the Companys standard inventions assignment, confidentiality and non-competition agreement and its standard indemnification agreement for officers and directors.

The forgoing description of the Employment Agreement is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1, and the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Skinner as Chief Financial Officer. A copy of the Company's press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1.

The information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Description

10.1 Employment Agreement

99.1 Press Release of Pulse Biosciences, Inc. dated February 4, 2025

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

Date: February 4, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Paul A. LaViolette 

Paul A. LaViolette 

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_773340.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 - EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - JON SKINNER
<TEXT>
ex_773340.htm

Exhibit 10.1

PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into by and between Jon Skinner (Executive) and Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (the Company), as of January 31, 2025.

1. Duties and Scope of Employment. 

(a) Position and Duties. As of February 3, 2025 (the Start Date), Executive will serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer, and as such he will be responsible for overseeing the financial function and implementing financial strategies that aim to protect the financial viability of the Company. Executive will render such business and professional services in the performance of Executives duties, consistent with Executives position within the Company. Executive also will serve the Company in such other or alternative positions consistent with Executives position within the Company as may reasonably be assigned to Executive by the Companys Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Board of Directors (the Board), which positions may include director and additional or other officer positions of the Company and subsidiaries of the Company. The period of Executives rendering of employment services under this Agreement is referred to herein as the Employment Term.

(b) Obligations. During the Employment Term, Executive will perform Executives duties faithfully and to the best of Executives ability and will devote Executives full business efforts and time to the Company. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior approval of the Board.

(c) Automatic Resignation. At the end of the Employment Term, including upon any termination of employment for any reason, such ending or termination will be deemed to be an automatic resignation from all director and officer positions of the Company and any of its subsidiaries, unless the continuation of such appointments is specifically approved by a resolution of the Board of the respective corporation or its shareholders.

2. At-Will Employment. The parties agree that Executives employment with the Company will be at-will employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause or notice. Executive understands and agrees that neither Executives job performance nor promotions, commendations, bonuses or the like from the Company give rise to or in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of Executives employment with the Company. However, as described in this Agreement, Executive may be entitled to severance benefits depending on the circumstances of Executives termination of employment with the Company.

3. Compensation.

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company will pay Executive an annual salary of $400,000.00 as compensation for Executives services (the Base Salary). The Base Salary will be paid periodically (but not less frequently than semi-monthly) in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices and be subject to the usual required withholdings. Executives salary will be subject to review and adjustments will be made based upon the Companys normal performance review practices.

(b) Annual Bonus. Executive will be eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to 50% of Executives base salary (the Target Bonus), less applicable withholdings, upon the attainment of annual designated corporate goals and milestones, in each case set and measured in the good faith discretion of the Board at a time consistent with the other executives of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Executives initial annual bonus, if awarded by the Board, shall not be prorated for the year of hire. Executives eligibility, and the terms and conditions, for the Target Bonus will be documented and issued to Executive if and when approved by the Board. If awarded, the Target Bonus will be paid prior to the later of (i) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the close of the Companys fiscal year in which the Target Bonus is earned or (ii) March 15 following the calendar year in which the Target Bonus is earned, provided that the Employment Term extends through the date of payment.

(c) Start Date Option. Subject to the approval of the Board, Executive will be granted an option under either the 2017 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan or the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (in either case, the Plan), to acquire 300,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the Start Date Option). The Start Date Option will have an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of a share of the Companys common stock at the date of grant. Subject to certain accelerated vesting provisions as described herein, the option shares subject to the Start Date Option will vest as follows: (A) Time Based Vesting: up to 50% of the Start Date Option (equal to 150,000 option shares) will vest as follows: 12.5% will vest (equal to 37,500 option shares) on the first Anniversary of the Start Date and thereafter 12.5% (equal to 37,500 option shares per year) will vest in equal amounts on an annual basis over the three year period starting with the first anniversary of the Start Date, and (B) Performance Based Vesting: up to the remaining 50% of the option shares subject to the Start Date Option (equal to 150,000 options shares) will vest based upon the achievement of the following performance objectives:

1) 

25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than two billion ($2.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $8 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months

2) 

25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than three billion ($3.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $48 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months

3) 

25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than four billion ($4.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $115 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months

4) 

25% of the 50% (equal to 37,500 option shares) would vest when the Company has had a market capitalization of not less than five billion ($5.0B) for 270 consecutive calendar days and the Company has generated not less than $175 million of GAAP product revenue over twelve months

All vesting of the Start Date Option is subject to the Executive continuing to be a Service Provider (as defined in the Plan) through each applicable vesting date (including any applicable vesting target achievement determination date). The Start Date Option, including vesting provisions, will be subject to the terms of the Plan and a stock option agreement thereunder.

4. Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans currently and hereafter maintained by the Company of general applicability to other senior executives of the Company, subject to the eligibility requirements of such plans. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time.

5. Paid-Time Off PTO. During the Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to accrue PTO of not less than three (3) weeks per year, subject to reasonable accrual caps in accordance with the Companys PTO policy for senior executive officers, with the timing and duration of specific PTO mutually and reasonably agreed to by the parties hereto.

6. Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel (including travel from Executives home to the Companys office locations if more than fifty miles away), entertainment or other expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of Executives duties hereunder within 30 days of Executives submission of an expense report documenting said expenses, in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. In addition, within 30 days of Executives submission of a receipt substantiating the expense, the Company will reimburse Executive for attorneys fees incurred in reviewing Executives employment documents in an amount not to exceed $10,000.

7. Severance.

(a) Termination other than for Cause, Death or Disability; or Resignation for Good Reason. During the Employment Term, if (i) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company) terminates Executives employment for reasons other than Cause, death, or Disability, or (ii) Executive resigns from the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company) for Good Reason (each such termination, an Involuntary Termination), then, subject to the continued observance by Executive of Sections 8 (severance conditions), 11 (assignment), 12 (notices), 13 (confidential information agreement), 15 (litigation cooperation), and 17 (miscellaneous) below after the termination of the rendering of employment services, Executive will receive the following severance from the Company:

(i) Severance Payment. Upon an Involuntary Termination, Executive will receive continuing payments of the Executives Base Salary (as in effect immediately prior to the Executives termination) for either three (3) months or twelve (12) months if the Involuntary Termination occurs within the twelve (12) month period following a Change of Control (the applicable period of time Executive receives continuing payments of Executives Base Salary, the Severance Period). The payment of any severance pursuant to this Section 7(a)(i) will be paid in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices and be subject to the usual required withholdings.

(ii) Accelerated Vesting.

(1) Involuntary Termination not in connection with a Change of Control. If the Involuntary Termination is not in connection with a Change of Control, the unvested portion of Executives outstanding Equity Awards that would normally vest over the following twelve (12) months from the date of Executives termination had Executive remained an employee through such period will immediately accelerate and fully vest prior to Executives termination.

(2) Involuntary Termination in connection with a Change of Control. If the Involuntary Termination occurs within the twelve (12) month period following a Change of Control, then (i) (x) if the Employment Term as of the date of such termination is less than one year from the Start Date, then 50% of the unvested portion of Executives then outstanding Equity Awards will immediately vest prior to Executives termination, and (y) if the Employment Term as of the date of such termination is one year or more from the Start Date, then 100% of the unvested portion of Executives then outstanding Equity Awards will immediately vest prior to Executives termination.

(iii) COBRA. If Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA) for Executive and Executives eligible dependents within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA, the Company will reimburse Executive for the monthly premiums under COBRA necessary to continue group health insurance benefits for Executive and Executives eligible dependents (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executives termination) until the earlier of (A) the date upon which Executive and/or Executives eligible dependents becomes covered under similar plans, (B) the last day of the Severance Period, or (C) the twelve month anniversary of the Executives termination date (such reimbursements, the COBRA Premiums). However, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot pay the COBRA Premiums without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company will in lieu thereof provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment payable on the last day of a given month (except as provided by the following sentence), in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue Executives group health coverage in effect on the date of Executives termination of employment (which amount will be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will commence on the month following Executives termination of employment and will end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which Executive obtains other employment or (y) the last day of the Severance Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the taxable payments in lieu of COBRA Premiums may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under this Agreement, if at any time the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the payments contemplated by the preceding sentence without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), Executive will not receive such payment or any further reimbursements for COBRA premiums. (Collectively, the Companys COBRA obligations in this paragraph are referred to as the COBRA Payments).

(b) Resignation without Good Reason; Termination for Cause; Disability. If Executive resigns (other than for Good Reason), or the Company terminates Executives employment for Cause, or Executives employment terminates upon Executives Disability, then (i) Executive will no longer vest in any Equity Award held by Executive, (ii) all payments of compensation by the Company to Executive hereunder will terminate immediately (except as to amounts already earned), and (iii) Executive will not be entitled to any severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be established under the Companys then existing written severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other written agreements with the Company.

(c) Accrued Compensation. For the avoidance of any doubt, in the event of a termination of Executives employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company) for whatever reason, Executive will be entitled to receive all accrued but unpaid paid time off, expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any Company-provided plans, policies, and arrangements as of Executives termination date.

(d) Exclusive Remedy. In the event of a termination of Executives employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company), the provisions of this Section 7 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement. Executive will be entitled to no severance or other benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment other than those benefits expressly set forth in this Section 7.

8. Sign-On Bonus. As a sign-on bonus (the sign-on bonus), Executive will be reimbursed by the Company up to fifty-six thousand dollars ($56,000) to cover any clawback compensation Executive repays to Executives former employer or any taxes he may pay, or may have paid, with respect thereto or with respect to the sign-on bonus itself. For the avoidance of doubt, in an effort to make Executive whole with respect to whatever he may repay his former employer, the amount of the sign-on bonus shall take into account taxes on the compensation being repaid to Executives former employer as well as taxes paid on the sign-on bonus itself, so that the sign-on bonus will be grossed-up for whatever taxes Executive may pay or may have paid on this compensation; provided, however, that the sign-on bonus paid by the Company shall not exceed $56,000 in any event. The sign-on bonus shall be payable on the later of the first payroll after completion of one month of employment or after Executive delivers to the Company documentation to its reasonable satisfaction showing the amount owed, whichever is later. Should executive voluntarily resign without Good Reason, or if his employment is terminated for Cause, within your first twenty-four (24) months of employment, Executive will pay back the full amount of the sign-on bonus to the Company.

9. Conditions to Receipt of Severance; No Duty to Mitigate.

(a) Separation Agreement and Release of Claims. The receipt of any severance pursuant to Section 7(a) will be subject to Executive signing and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company (the Release) and provided that such Release becomes effective and irrevocable no later than sixty (60) days following Executives termination date (such deadline, the Release Deadline). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline and the Release Deadline is not extended in a signed writing by the Company, Executive will forfeit any rights to severance or benefits under this Agreement. In no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the Release becomes effective and irrevocable. Except as required by Section 9(c), any installment payments that would have been made to Executive prior to the Release becoming effective and irrevocable but for the preceding sentence will be paid to Executive on the first regularly scheduled Company payroll date following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable, and the remaining payments will be made as provided in the Agreement.

(b) Confidential Information Agreement. Executives receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 7 will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of the At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement between the Executive and the Company.

(c) Section 409A. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits, are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Payments) will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A.

(ii) Any severance payments or benefits under this Agreement that would be considered Deferred Payments will be paid on, or, in the case of installments, will not commence until, the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives separation from service, or, if later, such time as required by Section 9(c)(iii). Except as required by Section 9(c)(iii), any installment payments that would have been made to Executive during the sixty (60) day period immediately following Executives separation from service but for the preceding sentence will be paid to Executive on the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives separation from service and the remaining payments shall be made as provided in this Agreement. In no event will Executive have discretion to determine the taxable year of payment for any Deferred Payments.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executives termination (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executives separation from service, will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executives separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executives separation from service, but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executives death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Each payment, installment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.

(iv) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above. It is the intent of this Agreement that all cash severance payments under Section 7(a)(i) will satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule.

(v) Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of clause (i) above.

(vi) The foregoing provisions are intended to be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be exempt or so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. In no event will the Company reimburse Executive for any taxes that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A.

(vii) No Duty to Mitigate. Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source reduce any such payment.

10. Limitation on Payments. In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this Section 10, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executives severance benefits will be either:

(a) delivered in full, or

(b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such severance benefits being subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of severance benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such severance benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. If a reduction in the severance and other benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that no portion of such severance benefits is subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, the reduction shall occur in the following order: (1) reduction of the severance payments under Sections 7(a)(i) or 7(a)(ii); (2) reduction of other cash payments, if any; (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards; and (4) reduction of continued employee benefits. In the event that acceleration of vesting of equity award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of Executives equity awards. If two or more equity awards are granted on the same date, each award will be reduced on a pro-rata basis. In no event shall the Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of payment reductions.

Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 10 will be made in writing by an independent firm immediately prior to a Change of Control (the Firm), whose determination will be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 10, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 10. The Company will bear all costs the Firm may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 10.

11. Definition of Terms. The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings:

(a) Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause is defined as (i) Executives conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving fraud, embezzlement or any other act of moral turpitude, (ii) Executives gross misconduct, (iii) Executives unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of Executives relationship with the Company; (iv) Executives willful breach of any obligations under any written agreement or covenant with the Company that is injurious to the Company; or (v) Executives continued failure to perform Executives employment duties after Executive has received a written demand for performance from the Company which specifically sets forth the factual basis for the Companys belief that Executive has not substantially performed Executives duties and has failed to cure such non-performance to the Companys satisfaction within thirty (30) business days after receiving such notice.

(b) Change of Control. For purposes of this Agreement, Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the total voting power represented by the Companys then outstanding voting securities, other than the acquisition of 50% of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities when sold by the Company in a capital raising transaction; or

(ii) the date of the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation that has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or

(iii) the date of the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all the Companys assets in a transaction that has been approved by the stockholders of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, a transaction will not be deemed a Change of Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A.

(c) Code. For purposes of this Agreement, Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(d) Disability. For the purposes of this Agreement, Disability will mean that Executive has been unable to engage, with or without reasonable accommodation, in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months. Alternatively, Executive will be deemed disabled if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration. Termination resulting from Disability may only be effected after at least thirty (30) days written notice by the Company of its intention to terminate Executives employment. In the event that Executive resumes the performance of substantially all of Executives duties hereunder before the termination of Executives employment becomes effective, the notice of intent to terminate based on Disability will automatically be deemed to have been revoked.

(e) Equity Awards. For purposes of this Agreement, Equity Awards means Executives outstanding Company stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units and any other Company equity compensation awards.

(f) Good Reason. For the purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means Executives resignation within thirty (30) days following the expiration of any Company cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without Executives express written consent: (i) the assignment to Executive of any duties beyond the generally recognized scope of employment of a company Chief Financial Officer or the reduction of Executives duties or the removal of Executive from Executives position and responsibilities as Chief Financial Officer, including due to a Change in Control,either of which must result in a material diminution of Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities with the Company in effect immediately prior to such assignment; provided, however, if the Executive is provided with an alternative executive-type position within the Company or its subsidiaries at the same or better compensation as proved herein, or that a reduction in duties, position or responsibilities is solely by virtue of the Company being acquired and made part of a larger entity will not constitute Good Reason; or (ii) a material reduction in Executives Base Salary (except where there is a reduction applicable to the management team generally of not more than 10% of Executives Base Salary); or (iii) a relocation, before the third anniversary of Executives Start Date, of the Executive's principal place of employment by more than 50 miles from Executive's principal residence at the time. Executive will not resign for Good Reason without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and providing a cure period of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice and such grounds for Good Reason have not been cured during such cure period.

(g) Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A means Code Section 409A, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder or any state law equivalent.

(h) Section 409A Limit. For purposes of this Agreement, Section 409A Limit will mean two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executives annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Executives taxable year preceding the Executives taxable year of Executives separation from service, as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code for the year in which Executives separation from service occurred.

12. Assignment. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive upon Executives death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executives right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void.

13. Notice. All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (ii) one (1) day after being sent by a well-established commercial overnight service, or (iii) four (4) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing.

If to the Company:

Pulse Biosciences, Inc.

601 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 1080

Miami, FL 33131

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

If to Executive:

at the last residential address known by the Company.

14. Confidential Information. Executive agrees to enter into and comply with the Companys standard At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement (the Confidential Information Agreement).

15. Business Opportunities. The Executive agrees, during the Employment Term, to offer or otherwise make known or available to it, as directed by the Chief Executive Officer or Board and without additional compensation or consideration, any business prospects, contracts or other business opportunities that Executive may discover, find, develop or otherwise have available to Executive in the Companys Field of Interest, and further agrees that any such prospects, contacts or other business opportunities shall be the property of the Company. For purposes of this section, Field of Interest shall include, without limitation, the development, implementation or licensing or sale of methods of using nanopulse electricity for bio-medical applications, including for diagnosis, detection, prevention, treatment or cure of tumors or cancers of internal organs, or diseases or disorders that can be treated by the ablation of internal tissue, such as atrial fibrillation, as well as other applications and any other business activity engaged in, conducted by or in active planning by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates.

16. Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Executives employment with the Company, the Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company and its affiliates in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company and its affiliates which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company. The Executives reasonable cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being reasonably available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company and its affiliates at mutually convenient times. During and after the Executives employment, the Executive also shall reasonably cooperate with the Company and its affiliates in connection with any such investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Executive's performance of obligations pursuant to this Section. If assistance is required after Executive is no longer employed by the Company, the Company agrees to compensate Executive by paying Executive a mutually agreed upon hourly rate for all time spent beyond five (5) hours. The performance by the Executive under this Section after the termination of the Executive's employment with the Company shall be subject to Executives other employment obligations.

17. Insurance. The Executive agrees that the Company or its affiliates may from time to time and for the Companys or the affiliates own benefit apply for and take out life insurance covering the Executive, either independently or together with others, in any amount and form which the Company or an affiliate may deem to be in its best interests. The Company or the respective affiliate shall own all rights in such insurance and in the cash values and proceeds thereof, and the Executive shall not have any right, title or interest therein. The Executive agrees to assist the Company and its affiliates, at the Company's expense, in obtaining any such insurance by, among things, submitting to customary examinations and correctly preparing, signing and delivering such applications and other documents as reasonably may be required. Nothing contained in this Section shall be construed as a limitation on the Executives right to procure any life insurance for Executives own personal needs.

18. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Amendment. No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive) that is expressly designated as an amendment to this Agreement.

(b) Waiver. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(c) Headings. All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.

(d) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Plan, Option Agreement, and the Confidential Information Agreement (and its exhibits) represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral. With respect to stock options or other Equity Awards granted on or after the date of this Agreement, the acceleration of vesting provisions provided herein will apply to such stock options or other Equity Awards. This Agreement may be modified only by agreement of the parties by a written instrument executed by the parties that is designated as an amendment to this Agreement.

(e) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).

(f) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect.

(g) Withholding. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to all applicable withholdings, including all applicable income and employment taxes, as determined in the Companys reasonable judgment.

(h) Acknowledgment. Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from Executives private attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

(i) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart will have the same force and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned.

//

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below.

COMPANY 

Pulse Biosciences, Inc.

/s/ Paul LaViolette

By: 

Paul LaViolette

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer, President & Co-Chairman

EXECUTIVE 

By: /s/ Jon Skinner

Jon Skinner
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_773341.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1 - CFO ANNOUNCEMENT
<TEXT>
ex_773341.htm

Exhibit 99.1

Pulse Biosciences, Inc. Appoints Jon Skinner as Chief Financial Officer

Expanded executive team to support operational excellence and commercialization of the CellFX nanosecond PFA Platform

MIAMI, Florida, February 4, 2025 -- Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLSE) (the Company or Pulse Biosciences), a company leveraging its novel and proprietary Nanosecond Pulsed Field Ablation (nanosecond PFA or nsPFA) technology, today announced the appointment of Jon Skinner as Chief Financial Officer, effective February 3, 2025.

I am excited to announce Jon as our next CFO, further building upon our momentum at Pulse Biosciences. His experience as a financial leader at both growth stage and scaled public diversified medtech companies will be extremely valuable in our efforts to advance our nanosecond PFA technology platform, said Paul LaViolette, Pulse Biosciences Co-Chairman and CEO. Jon will be a fantastic addition to our leadership team and we look forward to benefitting from his strategic and financial insights as we scale commercialization and our operations.

Jon Skinner is an accomplished financial leader with experience across the healthcare sector. He most recently served as Vice President, FP&A and Investor Relations at Copeland, a private equity backed industrial company. Prior to this role, Mr. Skinner was Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development at Imperative Care, a venture backed medical technology company. There, he spearheaded M&A, strategy, partnerships, and sales operations along with providing financial and strategic support for all development stage business units. While at Imperative Care, he also served as the interim CFO of Kandu Health during its spin-out and fundraising process. Prior to his time at Imperative Care, Mr. Skinner served as Vice President, Finance Interventional Urology at Teleflex (NYSE: TFX), a global medical technology company. There he led accounting, FP&A, customer service, and sales operations for the Interventional Urology Business Unit, following his role as Senior Director, Corporate Development, where he helped close 25 M&A transactions. Prior to Teleflex, Mr. Skinner spent time at Axalta Coating Systems (NYSE: AXTA) working on its carve-out and IPO and at Duff & Phelps (now Kroll) in the Valuation Advisory Group. Mr. Skinner holds a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Business Administration from The Ohio State University.

I am thrilled to be joining Pulse Biosciences at this exciting point in the Companys history. I believe nanosecond PFA will be a disruptive catalyst to advance the treatment of several disease states representing very large markets, said Jon Skinner, Pulse Biosciences Chief Financial Officer. I look forward to working alongside this talented and experienced management team and leveraging my experience to drive disciplined growth and operational excellence. 

Inducement Grants

In connection with his appointment, the Company granted Mr. Skinner options to purchase 300,000 shares of the Companys common stock, in aggregate, at an exercise price equal to $20.93 per share, the closing price of the Companys common stock on January 31, 2024, the last trading day preceding Mr. Skinners employment start date. These awards were approved by Pulses Board of Directors and granted under its 2017 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, as amended to date, as an inducement material to Mr. Skinner entering into employment with Pulse, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). Subject to Mr. Skinner being continuously employed by the Company through each applicable vesting date, half of the option shares will vest over four years, with 37,500 shares subject to the options vesting on the first four anniversaries of Mr. Skinners employment start date, and half of the options shares will vest upon the achievement of product revenue and market capitalization milestones for the Company ranging from $2 billion to $5 billion. The Company is providing this information in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4).

About Pulse Biosciences

Pulse Biosciences is a novel bioelectric medicine company committed to health innovation that has the intention as well as potential to improve the quality of life for patients. The Companys proprietary CellFX nsPFA technology delivers nanosecond pulses of electrical energy to non-thermally clear cells while sparing adjacent noncellular tissue. The Company is actively pursuing the development of its CellFX nsPFA technology for use in the treatment of atrial fibrillation and in a select few other markets where it could have a profound positive impact on healthcare for both patients and providers. Pulse Biosciences is now headquartered in Miami, Florida and maintains its office in Hayward, California.

Pulse Biosciences, CellFX, Nano-Pulse Stimulation, NPS, nsPFA, CellFX nsPFA and the stylized logos are among the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Pulse Biosciences, Inc. in the United States and other countries.

Contacts:

Investors:

Pulse Biosciences, Inc.

Paul LaViolette, Co-Chairman and CEO

IR@pulsebiosciences.com

Or

Gilmartin Group

Philip Trip Taylor

415.937.5406

philip@gilmartinir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>plse-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>plse-20250131_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>plse-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>plse-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Jan. 31, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name Pulse Biosciences, Inc.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-37744

Entity, Tax Identification Number 46-5696597

Entity, Address, Address Line One 601 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 1080

Entity, Address, City or Town Miami

Entity, Address, State or Province FL

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 33131

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 906-4600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol PLSE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001625101

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.plse.com/20250131/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

plse-20250131.xsd 
plse-20250131_def.xml 
plse-20250131_lab.xml 
plse-20250131_pre.xml 
plse20250131_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-002664-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>plse20250131_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001625101 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

false 
0001625101 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. 
DE 
001-37744 
46-5696597 
601 Brickell Key Drive, Suite 1080 
Miami 
FL 
33131 
510 
906-4600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.001 par value per share 
PLSE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>