<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-034317.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-034317.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411211304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-034317
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250410
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CaliberCos Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001627282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41703
		FILM NUMBER:		25834057

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8901 E. MOUNTAIN VIEW RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85258
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-295-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8901 E. MOUNTAIN VIEW RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85258

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CaliberCo Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141205
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512134d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000162728200016272822025-04-102025-04-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): April 10, 2025

CALIBERCOS INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-41703 47-2426901

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

8901 E. Mountain View Rd.Ste. 150, Scottsdale, AZ 85258

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(480)295-7600

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 CWD The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company x

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

CaliberCos
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) has agreed with certain holders (the Note Holders) of outstanding
unsecured subordinated promissory notes (the Prior Notes) to exchange the Prior Notes for 10% OID notes bearing interest
at 12% per annum with a three year maturity date in the aggregate original principal amount of $7,201,026.67 , (the Notes),
and five year warrants to initially acquire up to an aggregate of 1,466,923 additional shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001
(the Common Stock), (the Warrants) at an exercise price of $1.00 per share (Warrant Share).
As additional consideration for the Note Holders exchange of Prior Notes, the Company issued to the Note Holders an aggregate
of 146,689 shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares). The Company has
agreed to file a registration statement to register the common stock underlying the Warrants and the Commitment Shares.

The
foregoing summary of the Notes and Warrants are qualified by reference to the form of such documents, copies of which are filed as exhibits
4.2 and 4.3, respectively, to this report and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities

The
information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein. Based in part upon the representations of
the Note Holders to the Company, including that they are an accredited investor as defined under Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D, the shares of Common Stock issuable under the Purchase Agreement, upon conversion of the Notes or upon exercise of the Warrant, will
be exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of Warrant

4.2 Form of Note 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CaliberCos
Inc.

Date:
April 11, 2025 

By: /s/
John C. Loeffler, II

Name: John
C. Loeffler, II

Title: Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512134d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

WARRANT

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH
SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.

CALIBERCOS INC.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Warrant Shares: _______ Original Issue Date: ____________, 202__

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_______________], or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (Initial Exercise Date) until [__________], 202__ (the
Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), up to [____________] shares (subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares)
of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001, of the Company (Common Stock). The purchase price of one share of
Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as follows:

$ or
USD means United States Dollars.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls intermediaries, controls or is controlled by
or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions
in the State of Arizona are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. If the last or appointed day for the
taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken
or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation,
any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means the Nasdaq Capital Market or if the Company is not listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, then any of the following markets or exchanges
on which the Company is listed: the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American,
OTCQB, or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents
means the Subscription Agreement, Warrants, the Notes, and all appendices, exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto and any other documents
or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise
of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy
or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
(the Notice of Exercise). Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder
shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire
transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant
Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company
for cancellation within one (1) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the
effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such
purchases. The Company shall deliver to the Holder any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt
of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase
hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock (and/or other Warrant Shares) under this Warrant shall be $1.00,subject
to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Mechanics
of Exercise.

i. Delivery
of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the transfer
agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system
and there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder,
registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which
the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is
one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received within one (1) Trading Day following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise.

2

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

iv. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however,
that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees required for processing of any Notice of Exercise.

v. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

d)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not make any payment of interest by Interest Shares, and a Holder
shall not have the right to have interest paid in Interest Shares, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance, the Holder
(together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below). For purposes of this Section 2(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, the Holder is solely
responsible for such beneficial ownership calculation and any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith, and the Company
shall not have any obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder in compliance with this Section 2(d) prior to the issuance of any Warrants,
9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this Section 2(d).

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes
a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way
of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of
shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before
such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the
number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this
Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

3

b) Pro Rata
Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however,
that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership
of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance
for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

c) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, in one or more related transactions effects
any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale or other disposition of
all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, or (iii) the Company in one or more related transactions
effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which
the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, the number of securities of the
successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate
Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for
which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(d) on
the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted
to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock
in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable
manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same
choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company
shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 3(c) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at
the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital
stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company
shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.

4

d) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made by the Company to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given
date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

e) Notice
to Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email and to the Company a notice setting forth the
Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all
or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash
or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile
number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of
such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the
Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close,
and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common
Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date
of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

f) Voluntary
Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Warrant, subject to the prior written consent of the majority of Holders, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount
and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the office of the Company designated for such purpose, together with a written assignment of this Warrant
substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer
taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified
in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned,
and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company within one (1) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an Assignment Form to the Company
assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

5

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the
Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance
with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be
identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or
other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(c)(i), except as expressly set
forth in Section 3. In no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant
or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of
such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d) Authorized
Shares; Reserve.

i. The Company covenants
that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

6

ii. Except and to
the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary
or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any
public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

e) Jurisdiction.
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

f) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Notices.
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in
accordance with the notice provisions of the Subscription Agreement.

h) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

i) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

j) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

k) Amendment.
This Warrant is issued under and in accordance with the Subscription Agreement, and is subject to the terms and provisions contained therein,
to all of which terms and provisions the beneficial owners of the Warrants and the Holders consent by acceptance hereof. This Warrant
may be amended and the observance of any term of this Warrant may be waived by the approval of the Holders of a majority in interest of
the Warrant Shares issuable and issued under the Warrants.

l) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

m) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

CALIBERCOS INC.

By: 

Name: John C. Loeffler, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

8

Exhibit A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to
purchaseWarrant
Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the
exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. Payment shall take the form of lawful money of the
United States.

(2) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

(3) The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

9

Exhibit B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this
form and supply required information. Do not use this Form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to :

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: Email Address: 

Dated: , 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512134d1_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

10% OID PROMISSORY NOTE

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO
WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH
SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.

Original Issue Date: [_________], 202__ Subscription Amount: $[___________]

Maturity Date: [_________], 202__

Original Issue Discount: $[___________]

Original Interest Discount: 10% Original Principal Amount: $[___________]

CALIBERCOS INC.

10% OID PROMISSORY NOTE

THIS 10% OID PROMISSORY NOTE (this Note)
is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued 10% OID Promissory Notes of CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
designated as such by the Company (such series of notes, collectively with this Note, the Notes).

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay
to [___________], a [_____________], or its registered assigns (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms
hereunder, the Original Principal Amount of $[________] on [_________], 202__ (the Maturity Date), and to pay interest
to the Holder on the aggregate then outstanding principal amount of this Note in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Note is subject
to the following additional provisions:

1.Definitions.
For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Note, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Subscription Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency, or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating
to the Company, (b) there is commenced against the Company any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within sixty (60) days
after commencement, (c) the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such
case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part
of its property that is not discharged or stayed within sixty (60) calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company makes a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition,
adjustment, or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company thereof admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts
as they become due, (h) the Company, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence
in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in the City of Scottsdale, Arizona are
authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of Scottsdale, Arizona
are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Common
Stock means the Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company, and/or any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed subsequent to the Original Issue Date.

Holder
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Indebtedness
means any liabilities of the Company for borrowed money or amounts owed and all guaranties made by the Company of borrowed money or amounts
owed by others.

Interest
Payment means the amount of interest due and payable by the Company to the Holder as of the applicable Interest Payment Date
for the quarterly period immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date.

Interest
Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Interest
Share Price shall mean a price per Interest Share equal to the lower of (i) the average closing price of the Common Stock
as quoted on the Trading Market for the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date, or (ii) the closing
price of Common Stock as quoted on the Trading Market on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Interest Payment Date; provided, that
in no event shall the Interest Price be less than $1.00 per Interest Share.

Maturity
Date has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Maximum
Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(l).

Note
and Notes shall have the meanings set forth in the Preamble.

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Note, regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless of the
number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Notes.

Original
Principal Amount of this Note is the amount set forth opposite such term above the Preamble.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or un-incorporated association, joint-venture, limited liability
company, joint-stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Subscription
Agreement means the Subscription Agreement, dated as of [__________], 202__, by and among the Company, the original Holder
and the other holders of Notes, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

2

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market or if the Company is not listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, then any of the following
markets or exchanges on which the Company is listed: the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
the NYSE American, OTCQB, or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2.Interest.

(a)Interest,
Generally. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Original Principal Amount of this Note at an annual rate of twelve percent (12%).
Interest due shall be payable quarterly (the date of each such interest payment, an Interest Payment Date), at the
option of the Company, (A) in cash or (B) by the issuance to the Holder of shares of Common Stock (the Interest Shares).
Such interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and shall accrue daily
commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest,
liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid or delivered to the
Person in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Note.

(b)Interest
Share Price. If the Company elects to pay interest on this Note by the delivery of Interest Shares as contemplated by Section 2(a),
the Company shall deliver to the Holder, effective as of the Interest Payment Date, a number of Interest Shares equal to the applicable
Interest Payment divided by the Interest Price.

(c)Holders
Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not make any payment of interest by Interest Shares, and a Holder shall not have the right
to have interest paid in Interest Shares, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance, the Holder (together with the Holders
Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of this
Section 2(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the
Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, the Holder is solely responsible for such
beneficial ownership calculation and any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith, and the Company shall not have any obligation
to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or,
upon election by a Holder in compliance with this Section 2(c) prior to the issuance of any Notes, 9.99%) of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Note. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this
Section 2(c).

3.Optional
Prepayment. The Company shall have the option to prepay this Note with no penalties at any time after the Original Issue Date and
prior to the Maturity Date in an amount equal to the sum of: (A) the Original Principal Amount of this Note plus (B) accrued
and unpaid interest thereon as provided herein (including, for the avoidance of doubt, through the payment of cash or issuance of Interest
Shares) plus (C) all other amounts, costs, and expenses then due in respect of this Note.

4.Events
of Default. Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for
such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree,
or order of any court, or any order, rule, or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(a)any
default in the payment of: (i) the Original Principal Amount of any Note, or (ii) interest and other amounts owing to a Holder
on any Note, as and when the same shall become due and payable, which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default
under clause (ii) above, is not cured within five (5) Trading Days;

3

(b)the
Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Notes which failure is not cured, if possible
to cure, within the earlier to occur of (i) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any
other Holder to the Company and (ii) seven (7) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such
failure; or

(c)the
Company shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a)Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally,
by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address provided by
the Company, or such other, email address, or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in
accordance with this Section 5(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company
hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address, or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the
Company, or if no such facsimile number or email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of
business of such Holder, as provided by such Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of: (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
number or email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (Pacific
time) on any date, (ii) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number or email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is
not a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (Pacific time) on any Business Day, (iii) the second (2nd) Business Day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, and (iv) upon actual receipt by the
party to whom such notice is required to be given.

(b)Absolute
Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which
is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Note at the time, place, and rate,
and in the coin, currency or form, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct debt obligation of the Company. This Note ranks pari passu
with all other Notes now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

(c)Lost
or Mutilated Note. If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange
and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen, or destroyed Note,
a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss,
theft, or destruction of such Note, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

(d)Reliance
on Note Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may
treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on the note register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment
as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be
affected by notice to the contrary.

4

(e)Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement, and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement, and defense of the transactions (whether brought
against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action, or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby.
If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such action or
proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation,
preparation, and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

(f)Severability.
If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision
is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances.

(g)Remedies,
Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches, and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative
and in addition to all other remedies available under this Note at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or
other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure
by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning
this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments and the like
(and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be
subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore
agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies,
to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is reasonably
requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

(h)Next
Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall
be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(i)Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof.

(j)Amendments;
Waiver. No provision of this Note may be waived, modified, supplemented, or amended except in a written instrument signed by the Company
and the Holders holding at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. Any such amendment, waiver or modification
in accordance with this Section 5(j) shall be binding on all Notes. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision,
condition, or requirement of this Note shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or
a waiver of any other provision, condition, or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right
hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5

(k)Equal
Treatment of Holder. No consideration (including any modification of this Note) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or
consent to a waiver or modification of any provision hereof. Further, the Company shall not make any payment of principal or interest
on the Notes in amounts which are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Notes at any applicable time.
For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Holder by the Company and negotiated separately
by each Holder and is intended for the Company to treat the Holders as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Holders acting
in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase or disposition of the Notes or otherwise.

(l)Usury. It is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the
Company under the Notes for payments in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable
law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default
interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay
exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law is increased or decreased by
statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law
will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Notes from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by
applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any Holder
with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Notes, such excess shall be applied by such Holder to the unpaid principal amount of
any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at such Holders
election.

(Signature Page Follows)

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

CALIBERCOS INC.

By: 

Name: John C. Loeffler, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cwd-20250410.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cwd-20250410_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cwd-20250410_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41703

Entity Registrant Name CALIBERCOS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001627282

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-2426901

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8901 E. Mountain View Rd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 150

Entity Address, City or Town Scottsdale

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85258

City Area Code (480)

Local Phone Number 295-7600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol CWD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://caliberco.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cwd-20250410.xsd 
cwd-20250410_lab.xml 
cwd-20250410_pre.xml 
tm2512134d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-034317-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2512134d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001627282 

2025-04-10 
2025-04-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001627282 
8-K 
2025-04-10 
CALIBERCOS INC. 
DE 
001-41703 
47-2426901 
8901 E. Mountain View Rd. 
Ste. 150 
Scottsdale 
AZ 
85258 
(480) 
295-7600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 
CWD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>