<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001214659-25-003658.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001214659-25-003658.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228163027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-25-003658
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alzamend Neuro, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001677077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				811822909
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40483
		FILM NUMBER:		25690895

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 LENOX RD. NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-722-6333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 LENOX RD. NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>z2272508k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001677077falsefalsefalsefalse00016770772025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

____________________________________________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

___________________________________________________________________

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
28, 2025

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40483 81-1822909

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

3480 Peachtree Road NE, Second Floor, Suite
103, Atlanta, GA30326

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(844)722-6333

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value ALZN The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

On February 28, 2025 (the Execution
Date), Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase &
Exchange Agreement (the Agreement) with a sophisticated investor (the Purchaser), pursuant to
which the Company agreed to (i) exchange the Purchasers 97.7511 shares of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Subject Shares) for an equal number of the Companys Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Exchange
Shares), and (ii) sell to the Purchaser up to 500 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred
Stock) and warrants (the Warrants) to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Common Stock) for a total purchase price of up to $5,000,000.00 less a five percent (5%) discount
(the Financing) in several tranche closings (each, a Tranche Closing, and collectively, the
Tranche Closings).

The consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Agreement, specifically the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and the exercise of the Warrants in an aggregate number
in excess of 19.99% on the Execution Date, are subject to various customary closing conditions as well as regulatory and Stockholder Approval
(as hereinafter defined). The Agreement provides that the Financing shall be conducted through eight separate Tranche Closings, provided,
however, that the Purchaser has the ability, exercisable in its sole discretion, to purchase any number of Preferred Shares prior to the
dates of the Tranche Closings provided for in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement, the initial Tranche Closing will consist of the issuance
of the Exchange Shares in exchange for the Subject Shares (the Exchange). In addition, in connection with the Exchange,
the Purchaser will receive from the Company Warrants to purchase 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares)
and the Purchaser will cancel all warrants previously issued to the Purchaser, which are exercisable for an aggregate of 640,000 shares
of Common Stock.

Pursuant to the SPEA, the Purchaser shall purchase
up to 500 shares of Series C Preferred Stock as follows:

75
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, for $725,000, on the earlier of (i) April 29, 2025 or (ii) the fifteenth calendar day after a resale
registration statement (the Registration Statement) has been declared effective (the Second Tranche Closing);

75
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, for $725,000, on each of the five monthly anniversaries of the Second Tranche Closing; and

50
shares of Series C Preferred Stock, for $475,000, on the sixth monthly anniversary of the Second Tranche Closing.

In the event that the average closing price of
the Common Stock during the prior three trading days preceding a Tranche Closing date shall not be equal to or greater than the Floor
Price (as defined below), then the applicable closing shall be delayed until such time as the price meets the required threshold.

The Agreement contains customary termination provisions for the Purchaser under certain
circumstances, the Agreement will automatically terminate if the Exchange does not close on or before March 14, 2025 and the Agreement
may be terminated by either the Company or the Purchaser in the Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Securities
and Exchange Commission by April 15, 2025.

The Agreement provides that the Purchaser shall,
for as long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding, have the right to request, in the event the Company issues other
securities to a different investor (the Other Investor) that have more favorable terms than are contained in the
Agreement, the Certificate of Designation of the Rights and Preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock (the Certificate)
and the Warrant, that it be granted the same preferential rights with which the Company provided another investor.

Further, provided that the Purchaser has funded
the Company in an amount of no less than $712,500 by April 15, 2025, then for the period commencing on the Execution Date and continuing
for Two (2) years thereafter (the Obligation Period), the Purchaser will, provided that it holds no fewer than Twenty-five
(25) shares of Series C Preferred Stock, have a right of first refusal to with respect to any investment proposed to be made by an Other
Investor for each and every future public or private equity offering, including a debt instrument convertible into equity of the Company
during the Obligation Period (an Offering).

Moreover, provided that the Purchaser has funded
the Company in an amount of no less than $712,500 by April 15, 2025, during the Obligation Period and provided that at any such time the
Purchaser shall hold no fewer than Twenty-five (25) shares of Series C Preferred Stock and has not elected to exercise its rights described
immediately above, the Purchaser shall have a right to participate in any subsequent financing (a Subsequent Financing)
allowing the Purchaser to purchase such number of securities in the Subsequent Financing to allow the Purchaser to maintain its percentage
beneficial ownership of the Company the Purchaser held immediately prior to the Subsequent Financing.

The material terms of the Series C Preferred Stock
and the Warrants are summarized below.

Description of the Series C Preferred Stock 

Conversion Rights

Each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a stated
value of $10,000.00 and is convertible into such number of shares of Common Stock equal to (x) the stated value of the Series C Preferred
Stock being converted plus all accrued but unpaid dividends, divided by (y) the greater of (i) $0.10 per share (the Floor Price),
and (ii) the lesser of (A) $15.00 and (B) 80% of the lowest closing price of the Common Stock during the Three (3) trading days immediately
prior to the date of conversion (the Conversion Price). The Conversion Price is subject to adjustment in the event
of an issuance of Common Stock at a price per share lower than the Conversion Price then in effect, but not below the Floor Price.

Voting Rights

The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are
entitled to vote with the Common Stock as a single class on an as-converted basis, subject to applicable law provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law and the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (the Exchange), provided however, that for purposes of complying
with Exchange regulations, the conversion price, for purposes of determining the number of votes the holder of Series C Preferred Stock
is entitled to cast, shall not be lower than $0.8375 (the Voting Floor Price), which represents the closing sale
price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to the Execution Date. The Voting Floor Price shall be adjusted for stock
dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions.

Dividend Rights

The holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled
to cumulative cash dividends at an annual rate of 15%, or $1,500.00 per share (the Dividend Amount), based on the
stated value per share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for as long as any share(s) of Series C Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding,
the Dividend Amount shall be paid in either shares of Series C Preferred Stock or cash, in the Purchasers sole discretion, in each
case equal to the Dividend Amount. Dividends shall accrue from the date of closing of the Agreement (the Closing Date)
and are payable quarterly in arrears.

Liquidation Rights

In the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding
up of the Company, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock have a preferential right to receive an amount equal to the stated value per
share of Series C Preferred Stock before any distribution to other classes of capital stock. If the assets are insufficient, the distribution
will be prorated among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock rank senior over other classes of preferred
stock, including the Series B Preferred Stock.

Description of the Warrants

At the initial Tranche Closing, the Company will issue the Purchaser the Warrants,
which will grant the Purchaser the right to purchase the Warrant Shares. The exercise price of the Warrants is $0.92125 (the Exercise
Price). The Exercise Price is subject to adjustment in the event of customary stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or
similar events. The Warrants will be immediately exercisable upon issuance, have a five-year term and expire on the fifth anniversary
of the Execution Date.

Exchange Cap Limitation and Stockholder Approval

The Company may not issue
Conversion Shares and/or Warrant Shares to the extent such issuances would result in an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock exceeding
19.99% of the total shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Execution Date, in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the Exchange unless the Company first obtains stockholder approval (the Stockholder Approval). Pursuant to the
Agreement and as required by the Exchange, the Company agreed to file a proxy statement to obtain the Stockholder Approval.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Agreement, the Certificate and the Warrants and the transaction contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and the forms of the Certificate, the Warrants
and the Registration rights Agreement, copies which are filed as Exhibits 3.1, 4.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 3.02 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

The disclosure required by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report
is incorporated herein by reference. The Exchange Shares, the Series C Preferred Stock, the Warrants,
the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares described in this Current Report on Form 8-K were offered and will sold or issued
to the Purchaser in reliance upon exemption from the registration requirements under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Preferred Stock.

4.1 Warrant.

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement

101 Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

Dated: February 28, 2025 

/s/ Henry Nisser 

Henry Nisser

Executive Vice President and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF RIGHTS
AND PREFERENCES

OF 

SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

February 28, 2025

Pursuant to Section 151(g)
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL), Alzamend Neuro, Inc. (the Corporation)
hereby certifies that:

WHEREAS, Article IV
of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation) authorizes the issuance
of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (Preferred Stock)
in one or more series, and Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation expressly authorizes the Board of Directors of the Corporation
(the Board), subject to limitations prescribed by law to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in
series, and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, power,
preferences, and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof;

WHEREAS, it is the
desire of the Board to establish and fix the number of shares to be included in a new series of Preferred Stock and the designation, rights,
preferences and limitations of the shares of such new series;

WHEREAS, on February
28, 2025, the Board approved and adopted the following resolutions:

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED,
that the Board does hereby provide for the issue of a series of Preferred Stock and does hereby in this Certificate of Designation
(the Certificate of Designation) establish and fix and herein state and express the designation, rights, preferences,
powers, restrictions, and limitations of such series of Preferred Stock as follows:

Section 1. Number
of Shares and Designation

. This series of Preferred
Stock shall be designated as the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series
C Preferred Stock). The Series C Preferred Stock shall be perpetual, subject to the provisions of Section 6 hereof,
and the authorized number of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be 1,000. The number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock may
be increased from time to time pursuant to the provisions of Section 18 hereof and any such additional shares of Series C Preferred
Stock shall form a single series with the Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall have the same designations,
rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations as every other share of Series C Preferred Stock.

Section 2. Certain
Definitions. The following terms shall have the meanings defined in this Section 2:

Affiliate
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Agreement
means that certain Securities Purchase & Exchange Agreement dated February 28, 2025 by and between the Corporation and Orchid Finance
LLC (the Purchaser).

Business Day
means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated
by law, regulation, or executive order to close.

Capital Stock
means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interest in (however
designated) capital stock.

Change of Control
Event shall mean the occurrence of any of the following in one or a series of related transactions:

(i) one or more acquisitions after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity
or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), resulting in a majority or more of the voting rights
or equity interests in the Corporation being transferred to such Persons or their Affiliates;

(ii) a replacement of more than a majority of the members of the Board that is not approved
by those individuals who are members of the Board on the date hereof (or other directors previously approved by such individuals);

(iii) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any one or more Subsidiaries owning
a majority of the consolidated assets of the Corporation and all Subsidiaries, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries in one or a series of related transactions, unless following such transaction or series
of transactions, the holders of the Corporations securities immediately prior to the first such transaction continue to hold at
least a majority of the voting rights and equity interests in the surviving entity or acquirer of such assets;

(iv) a recapitalization, reorganization or other transaction involving the Corporation
or any Subsidiary that constitutes or results in a transfer of a majority or more of the voting rights or equity interests in the Corporation
to any Persons; or

(v) the execution by the Corporation or its controlling stockholders of an agreement
providing for any of the foregoing events.

Closing Price
means, for any security as of any date, the last closing price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or,
if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing price then the last price of such
security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange
or trading market for such security, the last closing price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where
such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing price of such security
in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing price is
reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such
security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
means the Common Stock, $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation, and any other shares of stock issued or issuable with respect thereto (whether
by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in exchange for or upon conversion of such shares or otherwise in connection with a combination
of shares, distribution, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, other corporate reorganization or other similar event with respect to
the Common Stock).

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion
means any conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares as provided for in Section 6 hereof. No Conversions
may occur (i) initially, until Exchange Approval is obtained and (ii) thereafter, until the Corporation has obtained Stockholder Approval,
that would result in such number of Conversion Shares being issued, together with Warrant Shares, that would, in the aggregate, exceed
the Exchange Cap.

Conversion Amount
means such amount as determined by (i) multiplying the number of shares (including any fraction of a share) of Series C Preferred Stock
to be converted pursuant to a Conversion Notice by the Stated Value, and (ii) adding to the result all accrued and accumulated and unpaid
dividends on such shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted.

- 2 - 

Conversion Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)(i) hereof.

Conversion Notice shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 6(d)(i) hereof.

Conversion Price
means the (x) the Stated Value of the Preferred Share plus all accrued but unpaid dividends (the Conversion Amount)
divided by (y) the greater of (i) $0.10 per share (the Floor Price), which Floor Price shall be adjusted for stock
dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions and (ii) the lesser of (A) $15.00 and (B) 80% of the lowest
Closing Price of the Common Stock during the three trading days immediately prior to the date a Conversion Notice is delivered to the
Corporation as provided herein.

Conversion Shares
means the shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be converted pursuant to Section 6 hereof.

Date of Issuance
means, for any share of Series C Preferred Stock, the date on which the Corporation initially issues such share (without regard to any
subsequent transfer of such share or reissuance of the certificate(s) representing such share).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as in effect at
the time.

Exchange Approval
means approval of the Principal Market to authorize the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock with full conversion and voting rights
pursuant to Rule 5635 of the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC.

Exchange Cap
shall mean that number of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents issuable as Conversion Shares
and/or Warrant Shares to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued
as well as permitted to vote or be converted pursuant to this Certificate would not exceed 19.99% of the Corporations outstanding
shares of Common Stock as of the date of execution of the Agreement.

Holder
or Holders shall mean each holder of shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

Junior Securities shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4 hereof.

Majority Holders
means any Holder(s) of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

Parity Securities shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4 hereof.

Person
means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a limited liability company, an unincorporated business organization,
a trust or other entity or organization, and any government or political subdivision or any agency or instrumentality thereof.

PIK Dividend
means a dividend accrued on each share of Series C Preferred Stock and paid in shares (including fractional shares) of Series C Preferred
Stock.

PIK Dividend Shares
means the shares (including fractional shares) of Series C Preferred Stock paid and issued in connection with a PIK Dividend.

Principal Market
means the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as in effect at the time.

Senior Securities
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4 hereof.

Stockholder Approval
means the approval by its stockholders to authorize the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock with full conversion and voting rights
pursuant to Rule 5635 of the Principal Market.

- 3 - 

Stated Value
means $10,000.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, or similar
transaction with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock).

Subsidiary
or Subsidiaries of any Person means (i) any corporation with respect to which more than 50% of the issued
and outstanding voting equity interests of such corporation is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person,
by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Persons other Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership
or limited liability company in which such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person shall have an interest (whether in the
form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50% or of which any such Person is a general partner
or may exercise the powers of a general partner.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Principal Market is open for trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the NYSE American, the New York Stock Exchange, or any
level of the OTC Markets operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock into which the warrants issued pursuant to the Agreement are exercisable in accordance with the terms
of each respective warrant.

Section
3. Dividends.

(a) Dividend
Rate. Holders of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board, out of funds legally
available for the payment of dividends, other than as set forth in Section 3(d) below, cumulative cash dividends at an annual rate
of 15%, payable quarterly in arrears on the Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends (the Dividend Rate).
The Dividend Rate shall accrue from, and including, the Date of Issuance, for as long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain
issued and outstanding.

(b) Dividend
Amount. With respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the PIK Dividend Shares), from the Dividend Payment Date of such share, dividends shall accrue on each share of Series C Preferred Stock,
in an amount for each share of Series C Preferred Stock, equal to the Dividend Rate times the Stated Value (compounded as provided for
immediately below, including with respect to any accrued and unpaid dividends) (such per share amount, as applicable, the Dividend
Amount) during each quarterly period following the applicable Dividend Record Date. All Dividend Amounts paid in cash or elected
to be paid as PIK Dividend Shares shall be compounded as applicable.

(c) Dividend
Payment Date Dividend Record Date. Dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock shall accrue daily and be cumulative until paid
from, and including, the date of the Date of Issuance and shall be payable quarterly on the Fifth (5th) day following the last
day of each fiscal quarter (each such payment date, a Dividend Payment Date, and each such quarterly period, a Dividend
Period) provided that if any Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the dividend that would otherwise have
been payable on that Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest, additional dividends or other
sums will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that Dividend Payment Date to that next succeeding Business Day.
The first dividend on the Series C Preferred Stock is scheduled to be paid on the fifth day of the next calendar quarter after the Date
of Issuance, which for the first Dividend Period shall be appropriately pro-rated, to the persons who are the holders of record of the
Series C Preferred Stock at the close of business on the corresponding record date. Any dividend payable on the Series C Preferred Stock,
including dividends payable for any partial Dividend Period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of four 90-day
quarters. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in the Corporations stock records for the Series C Preferred
Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the last day of the calendar quarter, whether or not a Business
Day, in which the applicable Dividend Payment Date falls (each, a Dividend Record Date).

- 4 - 

(d) PIK
Dividend. For as long as any share(s) of Series C Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, the Dividend Amount shall be paid in either
PIK Dividend Shares or cash, in the Purchasers sole discretion, subject to Section 3(e) of this Certificate. The Dividend
Amount shall be automatically declared and the applicable Dividend Amount automatically paid to the Holder as set forth above. For the
avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, with respect to PIK Dividend Shares, the Dividend Payment Date of such
shares shall be the Date of Issuance of such shares for all purposes hereunder. All Dividend Amounts payable with respect to the Holders
of Series C Preferred Stock shall be paid, whether in cash or in PIK Dividend Shares pursuant to this Section 3(d), pro rata to
each Holder of shares of Series C Preferred Stock based upon the aggregate accrued but unpaid dividends on the shares held by each such
Holder. PIK Dividend Shares issued on the applicable Dividend Payment Date shall have an aggregate Dividend Amount on such Dividend Payment
Date equal to the total Dividend Amount accrued on such shares as of such Dividend Payment Date minus any portion thereof paid in cash
pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Corporation shall take all actions necessary for all PIK
Dividend Shares to be duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and issued free and clear of all liens, mortgages,
security interests, pledges, deposits, restrictions or other encumbrances, on each Dividend Payment Date. The Corporation shall update
its books and records to reflect the issuance of any PIK Dividend Shares promptly following each Dividend Payment Date, and at the request
of any Holder of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, shall deliver to such Holder a copy of such books and records reflecting the issuance
of such PIK Dividend Shares; provided, however, that the failure of the Corporation to comply with the terms of this sentence shall not
in any way affect the issuance of such PIK Dividend Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.

(e) Limiting
Documents. No dividends on shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be authorized by the Board or paid or set apart for payment by
the Corporation at any time when the payment thereof would be unlawful under the laws of the State of Delaware or when the terms and provisions
of any agreement of the Corporation, including any agreement relating to the Corporations indebtedness (the Limiting
Documents), prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment
or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the Limiting Documents or a default under the Limiting Documents, or
if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment shall be restricted or prohibited by law.

(f) Dividend
Accrual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accrue regardless of whether (i) the Corporation
has earnings; (ii) there are funds legally available for the payment of such dividends; or (iii) such dividends are declared by the Board.
No interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series C Preferred Stock
which may be in arrears, and holders of the Series C Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative
dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series C Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated
but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares.

(g) Pro
Rata Dividends. When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series
C Preferred Stock and the shares of any other series of Preferred Stock that the Corporation may issue ranking on parity as to dividends
with the Series C Preferred Stock, all dividends declared upon the Series C Preferred Stock and any other series of Preferred Stock ranking
on parity that the Corporation may issue as to dividends with the Series C Preferred Stock shall be declared pro rata so that the amount
of dividends declared per share of Series C Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock that the Corporation may issue shall
in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series C Preferred Stock and such other series
of Preferred Stock that the Corporation may issue (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior Dividend
Periods if such Preferred Stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest,
shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series C Preferred Stock which may be in arrears.

(h) Payment
of Accrued and Unpaid Dividends. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividend in excess of all accumulated
accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock as described in this Section 3. Any dividend payment made on the Series
C Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated accrued and unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares
which remains payable at the time of such payment.

Section
4. Rank; Rights on Liquidation, Merger, Sale, etc.

(a) Rank.
With respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, whether
voluntary or involuntary, all shares of the Series C Preferred Stock will rank: (i) senior to all of the Corporations Common Stock,
all of the Corporations Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and any other equity securities
that the Corporation may issue in the future, unless the terms of such equity securities specifically provide that such equity securities
rank on parity or senior to the Series C Preferred Stock, in each case with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up (Junior Securities); (ii) equal to any other equity securities that the
Corporation may issue in the future, the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank on par with such Series
C Preferred Stock, in each case with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up (Parity Securities); (iii) junior to all other equity securities the Corporation issues, the terms of which specifically
provide that such equity securities rank senior to the Series C Preferred Stock, in each case with respect to payment of dividends and
distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up (Senior Securities); and (iv) junior to all of
the Corporations existing and future indebtedness. Without the prior written consent of the Majority Holders, the Corporation shall
not create or issue any Senior Securities or Parity Securities as to payment of dividends and/or distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary.

- 5 - 

(b) In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation (a Liquidation),
the Holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to its stockholders, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of Junior Securities by reason of their ownership thereof,
an amount in cash equal to the aggregate Stated Value of all shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such Holder, plus all unpaid accrued
and accumulated dividends on all such shares (whether or not declared). If upon any Liquidation, the assets of the Corporation available
for distribution to its stockholders are insufficient to pay all Holders of Series C Preferred Stock the full preference amount to which
they shall be entitled, the Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall share pro rata in any distribution of assets in proportion to their
applicable full preference amounts and the Corporation shall not make or agree to make any payments to the holders of Junior Securities.

Section 5. Voting
Rights.

(a) 

(a) Quorum
and Voting Power. For purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation
at which the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote and the voting power of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, each
Holder of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall, subsequent to the Company having obtained Stockholder Approval, be entitled
to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series C Preferred Stock are then convertible,
disregarding, for such purposes, any limitations on conversion set forth herein, provided, however, that solely for purposes of this Section
5(a), the Voting Floor Price shall not be lower than the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding
the execution date of the Agreement. For purposes of this Section 5(a), the term Voting Floor Price shall
mean the Corporations closing sale price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the execution date of the Agreement, or $0.8375.
The Voting Floor Price shall be adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions.

(b) Voting
Generally. Each Holder shall be entitled to vote with holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single class,
with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration (whether at a meeting
of stockholders of the Corporation, by written action of stockholders in lieu of a meeting or otherwise), except as provided by law or
by the provisions of this Section 5(b). In any such vote, each share of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to a number
of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the share is convertible pursuant to Section 6 herein (as may
be limited by the Maximum Percentage set in Section 6(c)) as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there is
no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. Each Holder of outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to notice of all stockholder meetings or requests for written consent (and copies of proxy materials and other information
sent to stockholder), which notice shall be provided pursuant to the Corporations Bylaws and the DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
at no time shall the shares of Series C Preferred Stock have a per share voting power in excess of the voting power determined by the
Conversion Amount, divided by the Closing Price on the date prior to the execution of the Agreement.

(c) Protective
Provisions. Without limiting the foregoing, as long as the Purchaser shall hold no fewer than Twenty-Five (25) shares of Series C
Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall not take, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to take or consummate, without the prior written
consent of the Majority Holders, the following actions (any such action or transaction without such prior written consent being null and
void ab initio and of no force or effect) as follows: (i) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Series
C Preferred Stock or alter, amend, modify, or repeal this Certificate of Designations, (ii) alter, amend, modify, or repeal its Certificate
of Incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders of Series C Preferred Stock,
(iii) increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock, (iv) whether or not prohibited by the terms of
the Series C Preferred Stock, circumvent a right or preference of the Series C Preferred Stock, or (v) enter into any agreement with respect
to, or agree or commit to do, any of the foregoing.

- 6 - 

Section 6. Conversion
of Series C Preferred Stock.

(a) 

(a) Optional
Conversion. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible, in whole or in part and at the option of the Holder, into such
number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) determined by dividing the
Stated Value of the Series C Preferred Stock being converted by the then applicable Conversion Price (as defined below, the Conversion
Price). The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 6(d) below. No conversion shall be
permitted to the extent that it violates the rules of the Principal Market, including the Exchange Cap, without Stockholder Approval.

(b) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Conversion.
In order to effectuate a conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6, a Holder shall deliver (whether
via facsimile or otherwise) a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I and specifying
the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted on such Conversion Date (the Conversion Notice).
Conversion Notices delivered either: (i) after 4:00 p.m. on any Trading Day, or (ii) on a non-Trading Day, shall be deemed delivered on
the next Trading Day. The Holder shall calculate and state in the Conversion Notice the Conversion Amount, the Conversion Price and the
number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof. On or before the first Trading Day following the date of
a Conversion Notice (in each case, the Conversion Date), the Corporation shall transmit to the Holder by facsimile
or otherwise an acknowledgment, substantially in the form attached hereto in Exhibit I, of receipt of such Conversion Notice, and
the Corporation shall deliver to the Corporations transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) an instruction to issue
such shares of Common Stock as indicated in the Conversion Notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit I, such that on or
before the Conversion Date the Corporation, through its Transfer Agent, shall credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to
which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holders balance account with The Depository Trust Companys (the DTC)
through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) service. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon a Conversion of the Conversion Amount shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders
of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date.

(ii) Book-Entry.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 6, in connection with the Conversion of any shares of Series
C Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender to the Corporation any
certificate or other instrument evidencing the of shares of Series C Preferred Stock so converted unless (A) the full or remaining number
of shares of Series C Preferred Stock represented by the certificate are being converted (in which event such certificate(s) shall be
delivered to the Corporation following Conversion thereof as contemplated by Section 6(b)(i) hereof or (B) the Holder has provided
the Corporation with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of a certificate
or other instrument with respect to shares of Series C Preferred Stock not subject to the Conversion. The Holder shall provide the Corporation
with written partial releases relating to all Conversions of the Conversion Amount. Each of the Holder and the Corporation shall maintain
records showing the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method,
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Corporation, so as not to require physical surrender of any certificate with respect to
the shares of Series C Preferred Stock upon any Conversion until the full or remaining number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock represented
by such certificate has been converted. A Holder and any transferee or assignee, by acceptance of a certificate, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, the number of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock represented by such certificate may be less than the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock stated on
the face thereof. Each certificate for shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall bear the following legend:

ANY TRANSFEREE OR ASSIGNEE OF THIS CERTIFICATE
SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THE CORPORATIONS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS RELATING TO THE SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED
STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, INCLUDING SECTION 6(d)(ii) THEREOF. THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE LESS THAN THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK STATED ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 6(d)(ii)
OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS RELATING TO THE SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE.

- 7 - 

(iii) Issuance
of Shares Not in Dispute. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to a Holder in connection
with a Conversion or an adjustment to the number of Conversion Shares to be delivered, the Corporation shall issue to the Holder the number
of shares of Common Stock not in dispute.

(c) Limitations
on Conversions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and subject to the provisions of this Section 6(c),
shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be convertible by the Holder hereof into Conversion Shares, and the Corporation shall not
effect any conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares or otherwise issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant
hereto, to the extent (but only to the extent) that after giving effect to such Conversion or other share issuance hereunder the Holder
(together with its Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Common Stock.
To the extent the above limitation applies, the determination of whether shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible (vis--vis
other convertible, exercisable or exchangeable securities owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates) and of which such securities shall
be convertible, exercisable or exchangeable (as among all such securities owned by the Holder and its Affiliates) shall, subject to such
Maximum Percentage limitation, be determined on the basis of the first submission for conversion or exercise (as the case may be). Under
no circumstances can the Maximum Percentage limitation be amended on fewer than 61 days notice, if, as a result of such amendment,
the Maximum Percentage is amended to be above 9.99%. No prior inability to convert shares of Series C Preferred Stock, or to issue shares
of Common Stock, pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect
to any subsequent determination of convertibility. For purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership and all determinations and calculations
(including, without limitation, with respect to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a
manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may
be defective or inconsistent with the intended Maximum Percentage beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation. For any reason at any time until
the shares of Series C Preferred Stock has been converted, upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within
one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding, including by virtue
of any prior conversion, exchange or exercise of convertible or exercisable securities into Common Stock, including, without limitation,
shares of Series C Preferred Stock. In addition, under no circumstances whatsoever may the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
issued to the Holder in connection with the Conversion of the Conversion Amount or Warrant (as defined in the Agreement) at any time exceed
the Exchange Cap unless the Corporation has obtained Stockholder Approval.

(d) Adjustments
of the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as
follows:

(i) Adjustments
for Recapitalization. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a recapitalization of the Common Stock, provision shall be
made so that the Holders shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock the number of shares
of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion
would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions
of this Section 6 with respect to the rights of the Holders after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section
6 (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustments of the Conversion Price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(ii) Adjustment
for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Date of Issuance effect a subdivision
of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such
increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after
the Date of Issuance combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination
shall be proportionately increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall
be decreased in proportion to such decrease in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any adjustment under this subsection
shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

- 8 - 

(iii) Adjustments
for Distribution. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 6(d) hereof, in the event the Corporation shall declare
a distribution payable in Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other securities of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or any other Persons,
evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation, any Subsidiary or other Persons, assets (or rights to acquire assets), or options,
rights or other property not referred to in Section 6(e) hereof to the holders of Common Stock, in each case whether by way of
return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (each,
a Distribution), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 6(d), the Holders shall be entitled
to a proportionate share of any such Distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
into which their shares of Series C Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of
Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such Distribution.

(iv) Adjustment
for Reorganization or Reclassification. If any capital reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of the Corporation
or a Change of Control Event, shall be effected while any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding in such a manner that holders
of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, securities or assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, then,
as a condition of such reorganization, reclassification, or Change of Control Event, lawful and adequate provision shall be made whereby
each Holder who has not received the amounts to be distributed to such holder in accordance with this Certificate shall thereafter have
the right to receive upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately
theretofore receivable upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be issued or payable
with respect to or in exchange for a number of outstanding shares of such Common Stock equal to the number of shares of such Common Stock
immediately theretofore so receivable had such reorganization, reclassification or Change of Control Event not taken place, and in such
case appropriate provision shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holders to the end that the provisions hereof
(including, without limitation, provisions for adjustments of the Conversion Price, Conversion Rate and the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be possible, in relation
to any shares of stock, securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Prior
to or simultaneously with the consummation of any such reorganization, reclassification or Change of Control Event, the survivor or successor
corporation (if other than the Corporation) resulting from such reorganization, reclassification or Change of Control Event shall assume
by written instrument executed and mailed or delivered to each Holder, the obligation to deliver to such Holders such shares of stock,
securities or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such Holder may be entitled to receive, and containing the express
assumption by such successor corporation of the due and punctual performance and observance of every provision of this Certificate to
be performed and observed by the Corporation and of all liabilities and obligations of the Corporation hereunder with respect to the Series
C Preferred Stock.

(v) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If, at any time while shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation or any Subsidiary, as applicable,
closes a financing in which it sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice outstanding securities,
or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or
any Common Stock Equivalent, entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than
the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation
of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options
or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price
per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on
such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price. The Corporation agrees
to consult with the Majority Holder prior to commencing any such financing regarding its terms. Further, the Corporation shall notify
the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to
this Section 6, indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and
other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the
Corporation provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice, upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number
of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock determined based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after
the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6(d)(v), in no event shall the Base Conversion Price be adjusted to a
price lower than the Floor Price.

- 9 - 

(e) Good
Faith Assistance. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will
at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 6 and in the taking of all such action
as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the Holders against impairment.

(f) Notice
of Record Taking. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose
of determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right
to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any
other right, the Corporation shall mail to each Holder, at least ten (10) days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying
the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character
of such dividend, distribution or right.

(g) Reservation
of Shares. The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, 125% of the number of shares of Common
Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (the Required
Reserve Amount); and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to
enable the Corporation to satisfy its obligation to have available for issuance upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock at least
a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount, then, in addition to such other remedies as shall be available
to the Holder, the Corporation will as promptly as reasonably practicable take all such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for
such purposes, including, without limitation, using its best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder approval of any necessary amendment
to these provisions as soon as possible.

(h) Payment
of Taxes. The Corporation shall pay all documentary, stamp or other transactional taxes (exclusive of income taxes) attributable to
the issuance or delivery of shares of capital stock of the Corporation upon conversion of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock; provided,
however, that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any taxes which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in
the issuance or delivery of any certificate for such shares in a name other than that of the Holder of the shares of Series C Preferred
Stock in respect of which such shares are being issued.

(i) Status
of Shares. All shares of Common Stock that may be issued in connection with the conversion provisions set forth herein will, upon
issuance by the Corporation, be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens or charges with respect thereto.

(j) Conversion
Disputes. In the case of any dispute with respect to a Conversion, including a dispute relating to the calculation of the Conversion
Price, the Closing Price, the Conversion Amount or the number of Conversion Shares to be issued in a Conversion, the Corporation shall
promptly issue such number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 6(d)(iii) above as are not disputed. If such
dispute is not promptly resolved by discussion between the relevant Holder and the Corporation, the Corporation shall submit the disputed
calculations to an independent outside accountant via facsimile within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of notice of such dispute. The
accountant, at the Corporations sole expense, shall promptly audit the calculations and notify the Corporation and the holder of
the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the date it receives the disputed calculations. The accountants calculation
shall be deemed conclusive, absent manifest error. The Corporation shall then issue the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock
in accordance with subparagraph (c) above. If the accountant determines the Corporations calculations are correct, the holder shall
reimburse the Corporation for the accountants expense.

Section 7. Record
Holders. The Corporation and its transfer agent shall deem and treat the record Holder of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock as the
true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor its transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to
the contrary. 

- 10 - 

Section
8.

Section
8. Notice. Any notice required by the provisions herein to be given to the Holders of shares of Series
C Preferred Stock shall be deemed given upon hand delivery, one (1) Business Day after the notice is sent by overnight courier or three
(3) Business Days after the notice is deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at
his address appearing on the stock books of the Corporation. The Corporation shall provide each Holder with prompt written notice of all
actions taken pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and
the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation shall give written notice to each Holder (i) promptly
following any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least ten (10) days prior to the date on which the Corporation closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any
dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grant, issuances, or sales of any Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents,
assets or other property to all holders of shares of Common Stock as a class or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any
matter on which the holders of Common Stock shall have the right to vote.

Section
9. Cancellation of Series C Preferred Stock. In the event any shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be converted pursuant to Section 6 or otherwise reacquired by the Corporation, the shares so converted or reacquired shall
be canceled and may not be reissued. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation may be appropriately amended from time to time
to effect the corresponding reduction in the Corporations authorized capital stock.

Section
10. Negative Covenants. Except as otherwise permitted by this Certificate, until the later to occur
of (i) the Purchaser no longer having any current, future, or continuing obligation to pay any Tranche Purchase Prices under the Agreement,
and (ii) the time when Purchaser shall hold no fewer than Twenty-Five (25) shares of Series C Preferred Stock, without the affirmative
consent or approval of the Purchaser, the Corporation shall not, whether directly or indirectly, by amendment, merger, consolidation or
otherwise, and shall not permit any Subsidiary, to: 

(a) issue
any additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued on the Date of Issuance other than dividends payable, if any, to the Holders
of such shares;

(b) provided
that the initial Subsequent Tranche Closing (as defined in the Agreement ) shall have occurred no later than April 15, 2025, take any
action to authorize, create or issue any class or series of preferred stock, whether or not ranking junior, pari passu or senior
to the Series C Preferred Stock;

(c) set aside assets for a sinking
or other similar fund for the purchase, redemption, or retirement of, or redeem, purchase, retire, or otherwise acquire any shares of
the Common Stock or of any other capital stock of the Corporation, whether now or hereafter outstanding, except as permitted by Section
5(b); 

(c) make
or declare, directly or indirectly, any dividend (in cash, stock, return of capital, or any other form of assets) on, or make any other
payment or distribution on account of Common Stock or of any other capital stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series C Preferred
Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether now or hereafter
outstanding, except that the Corporation shall have the power to issue stock dividends payable in shares of Common Stock, unless the Corporation
pays a corresponding dividend to the Holders on an as-if-converted basis;

(d) reclassify
the shares of Common Stock or any other shares or any class or series of capital stock hereafter created junior to the Series C Preferred
Stock into shares of any class or series of capital stock (A) ranking, either as to payment of dividends, distribution of assets or redemptions,
senior to or pari passu with the Series C Preferred Stock, or (B) which in any manner adversely affects the Holders of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock;

(f) invest in, purchase
or acquire, directly or indirectly, in one or a series of related transactions, any assets or capital stock of any Person other than a
Subsidiary, wherein the aggregate purchase price or other consideration payable for such assets or capital stock shall exceed $100,000
in any one transaction or $250,000, in the aggregate; 

(g) provided
that the initial Subsequent Tranche Closing (as defined in the Agreement ) shall have occurred no later than April 15, 2025, issue any
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock
of the Corporation;

(h) except
in connection with indebtedness existing as at the date of this Certificate, purchase money indebtedness or capital leases, incur indebtedness
for borrowed money, or guaranty the obligations of any other Person, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding in excess of $100,000
in any individual transaction or $250,000 in the aggregate;

- 11 - 

(i) permit
Liens to exist on its assets and properties, other than Permitted Liens (as defined in the Agreement), in an aggregate amount at any time
outstanding in excess of $100,000 in any individual transaction or $250,000 in the aggregate;

(j) sell,
lease, transfer or dispose of any of its properties having a value calculated in accordance with GAAP of more than $50,000 (other than
sales of assets to customers in the ordinary course of business), waive or release any rights of material value, or cancel, compromise,
release or assign any indebtedness owed to it or any claims held by it in each case having a value calculated in accordance with GAAP
of more than $500,000;

(k) increase
in any manner the compensation or fringe benefits of any of its directors, officers, employees, including any increase of pension or retirement
allowance, life insurance premiums or other benefit payments to any such directors, officers or employees, or commit itself to any employment
agreement or employment arrangement with or for the benefit of any officer, except as contemplated by this Certificate;

(l) enter
into any transaction that would constitute a Change of Control Event;

(m) whether
or not prohibited by the terms of the Certificate of Designation, circumvent a right or preference of the Series C Preferred Stock; or

(n) enter
into an agreement to do any of the things described in clauses (a) through (n) of this Section 10.

Section
11. Sinking Fund. The Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to the benefits of any retirement
or sinking fund.

Section
12. Waiver. Any right or privilege of the Series C Preferred Stock may be waived (either generally
or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) by and only by the written consent of the Corporation and the Majority
Holders and any such waiver shall be binding upon each holder of Series C Preferred Stock or other securities exercisable for or convertible
into Series C Preferred Stock. No failure or delay on the part of a Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

Section
13. Lost or Stolen Certificates. Upon receipt by the Corporation of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Corporation of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any certificates representing Series C Preferred Stock (as to which
a written certification and indemnification shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification
undertaking by the applicable Holder to the Corporation in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender
and cancellation of the certificate(s), the Corporation shall execute and deliver new certificate(s) of like tenor and date.

Section
14. Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies
provided in this Certificate of Designations shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Certificate
of Designations or by contract, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and no
remedy contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of compliance with the provisions giving rise to such remedy. Nothing herein shall limit
any Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Corporation to comply with the terms of this
Certificate of Designations. The Corporation covenants to each Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument
other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and
the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by a Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject
to any other obligation of the Corporation (or the performance thereof). The Corporation acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holders and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Corporation
therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, each Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and
without any bond or other security being required, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Corporation shall provide all information
and documentation to a Holder that is requested by such Holder to enable such Holder to confirm the Corporations compliance with
the terms and conditions of this Certificate of Designations.

- 12 - 

Section
15. Non-circumvention. The Corporation hereby covenants and agrees that the Corporation will not,
by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme
of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance
of any of the terms of this Certificate of Designations, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate
of Designations and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
or any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, the Corporation (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of
Common Stock receivable upon the conversion of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock above the Stated Value then in effect, (ii) shall
take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of Series C Preferred Stock and (iii) shall, so long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock
are outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, the Required Reserve Amount.

Section
16. Transfer of Series C Preferred Stock. A Holder may transfer some or all of its shares of Series
C Preferred Stock without the consent of the Corporation. Any such transfer shall comply with all applicable securities laws.

Section
17. Register. The Corporation shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office
or agency of the Corporation as it may designate by notice to the Holders), a register for the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, in
which the Corporation shall record the name, address and facsimile number of the Persons in whose name the shares of Series C Preferred
Stock have been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee. The Corporation may treat the Person in whose name any shares
of Series C Preferred Stock is registered on the register as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice
to the contrary, but in all events recognizing any properly made transfers.

Section
18. Amendment. This Certificate of Designations or any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining
the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or by written consent without a meeting in accordance with the DGCL, of
the Majority Holders, voting separately as a single class, and with such other stockholder approval, if any, as may then be required pursuant
to the DGCL and the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

Section
19. Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the balance of this Certificate of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance,
it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount
deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically
be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

Section
20. Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other
than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

Section
21. Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of
this Certificate of Designations and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Alzamend Neuro, Inc. has caused this Certificate of Designations to be signed by the undersigned as of the date first written above.

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

By: /s/ Stephan Jackman

Name: Stephan Jackman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Series C Certificate of Designation]

- 13 - 

EXHIBIT I

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to (a) that certain Securities
Purchase & Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Agreement), by and between Orchid Finance LLC
and Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), (b) that certain Certificate of Designations
of Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate) and (c) certain Conversion Amount
(as defined in the Agreement and the Certificate) issued by the Corporation and outstanding as of the date hereof. In accordance with
and pursuant to the Agreement and the Certificate, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Certificate)
indicated below into shares of the Corporations Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock),
at the Conversion Price (as defined in the Agreement and the Certificate, as of the date specified below). Capitalized terms not defined
herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Certificate.

Date of this Conversion Notice: _____________

Date of Conversion (the date that is one Business
Day after the date of this Conversion Notice): ___________________

Number of Shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be Converted: ___________________

Stated Value of Each Share of Series C Preferred Stock: ___________________

Accrued and Accumulated and Unpaid Dividends on such Shares: ___________________

Aggregate Conversion Amount: ____________

Conversion Price: ___________________

Aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to
be issued to the undersigned on the Date of Conversion (Aggregate Conversion Amount divided by the Conversion Price): __________________

ORCHID FINANCE LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

Alzamend Neuro, Inc. hereby acknowledges this
Conversion Notice and hereby directs Computershare Trust Company, N.A., to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock
in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated [________] from the Corporation and acknowledged and agreed to by Computershare
Trust Company, N.A.

ALZAMEND NEURO, Inc. 

By: 

Name: David J. Katzoff 

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

ALZAMEND
NEURO, Inc.

Warrant
To Purchase Shares of Common Stock

Execution Date: February 28, 2025

Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Orchid Finance LLC, the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the
Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price
(as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of this Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (including any Warrant to
Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant), at any time
or times on or after the Exchange Tranche Closing Date (referred to herein as the Issuance Date), but not after
11:59 p.m., New York time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below), One Million shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject
to adjustment as provided herein, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares).
Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities
Purchase & Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and between the Company and Holder (the
Agreement).

1. EXERCISE
OF WARRANT.

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise.

Subject to the terms and conditions
hereof (including, without limitation, the limitations set forth in Section 1(e)), this Warrant may, subject to the Companys receipt
of Exchange Approval and Stockholder Approval, be exercised by the Holder on any day on or after the Issuance Date in whole or in part,
by delivery (whether via facsimile or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise
Notice), of the Holders election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following an exercise of this
Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of
such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (in respect of such specific exercise,
the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds.

In lieu of cash exercising
this Warrant, at any time when there is not a currently effective registration statement covering the resale of the Warrant Shares under
the Securities Act, the Holder of this Warrant may elect to receive shares of Common Stock equal to the value of this Warrant (or the
portion thereof being exercised) by surrender of this Warrant together with notice of such election, in which event the Company shall
issue to the Holder hereof a number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following formula:

X = Y(A-B)/A

Where X -- The number of shares of Common
Stock to be issued to the holder

of this Warrant.

Y -- The number
of shares of Common Stock being purchased under this Warrant.

A -- The fair
market value of one share of the Companys Common Stock.

B -- The Exercise
Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculations).

For purposes of this Paragraph
1(a), the fair market value of the Common Stock shall be the reported closing price on the Principal Market for the Common Stock on the
Trading Day immediately preceding the exercise of this Warrant.

The Holder shall not be required
to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder unless the Holder exercises this Warrant for the maximum
number of Warrant Shares, or One Million (1,000,000) such Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to
less than all of the Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant certificate and issuance
of a new Warrant certificate evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise
Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant certificate
after delivery of the Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the second (1st) Trading Day following
the date on which the Company has received an Exercise Notice, the Company shall transmit by facsimile or electronic transmission an acknowledgment
of confirmation of receipt of such Exercise Notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, to the Holder and the Companys
transfer agent (the Transfer Agent). On or before the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date on which
the Company has received such Exercise Notice, the Company shall credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company
(DTC) through its Deposit/ Withdrawal at Custodian system. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has
been exercised, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account. If this Warrant is submitted
in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for
exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then, at the request of the Holder and upon surrender
hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three
(3) Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant (in accordance
with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under
this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional shares of Common Stock
are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded up to
the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all taxes and fees which may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery
of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant.

(b) Exercise
Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $0.92125 (as may be adjusted for stock dividends, subdivisions,
or combinations in the manner described in the Warrant).

(c) Companys
Failure to Timely Deliver Securities. To the extent permitted by law, the Companys obligations to issue and deliver the shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any
action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any
judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or
any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation
of law by the Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the
Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of the shares of Common Stock. Nothing herein shall limit the Holders right
to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance
and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(d) Disputes.
In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Shares
to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares that are not disputed,
provided that following such issuance to Holder such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 13.

(e) Limitations
on Exercises and Exchanges. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Warrant, this Warrant shall not be exercisable
or exchangeable by the Holder hereof to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially
own in excess of 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act (the Maximum Percentage).
To the extent the above limitation applies, the determination of whether this Warrant shall be exercisable or exchangeable (vis--vis
other convertible, exercisable or exchangeable securities owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates) and of which such securities shall
be exercisable or exchangeable (as among all such securities owned by the Holder) shall, subject to such Maximum Percentage limitation,
be determined on the basis of the first submission to the Company for conversion, exercise or exchange (as the case may be). Under no
circumstances can the Maximum Percentage limitation be amended on fewer than 61 days notice, if, as a result of such amendment,
the Maximum Percentage is amended to be above 9.99%. No prior inability to exercise or exchange this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph
shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability
or exchangeability. For the purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership and all determinations and calculations (including, without
limitation, with respect to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than
in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Maximum Percentage beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
Holder of this Warrant. The holders of shares of Common Stock shall be third party beneficiaries of this paragraph and the Company may
not waive this paragraph without the consent of holders of a majority of its shares of Common Stock. For any reason at any time, upon
the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Business Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding, including by virtue of any prior conversion or exercise or exchange of convertible
or exercisable or exchangeable securities into shares of Common Stock.

(f) Reservation
of Shares; Insufficient Authorized Shares. The Company shall initially reserve out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common
Stock a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the maximum number of Warrant Shares issuable to satisfy the Companys
obligations to issue shares of Common Stock hereunder, and the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance under this Warrant
a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the maximum number of Warrant Shares issuable to satisfy the Companys obligation
to issue shares of Common Stock hereunder. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, at any time while this Warrant
remains outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its
obligation to reserve for issuance upon exercise or exchange of this Warrant at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise or exchange this Warrant or the portion
of this Warrant then outstanding (the Required Reserve Amount) (an Authorized Share Failure),
then the Company shall as promptly as practicable take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Common
Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for this Warrant then outstanding. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure,
but in no event later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of
its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting,
the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its reasonable efforts to solicit its stockholders
approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that
they approve such proposal.

2. ADJUSTMENT
OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this
Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. Without limiting any provision of Section 4, if the Company, at any time on or after the Issuance Date, (i)
pays a stock dividend on one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class
of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise)
one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse
stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or
(iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring
an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such
Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b) Number
of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number of Warrant Shares
that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the
aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price
in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein).

(c) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 2 shall be made by rounding to the nearest 1/10000th of cent and the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by
or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of shares of Common Stock.

(d) Other
Events. In the event that the Company shall take any action to which the provisions hereof are not strictly applicable, or, if applicable,
would not operate to protect the Holder from dilution or if any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section
2 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom
stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Companys board of directors shall in good faith determine and implement
an appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares (if applicable) so as to protect the rights of the Holder,
provided that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 2(d) will increase the Exercise Price or decrease the number of Warrant Shares
as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 2, provided further that if the Holder does not accept such adjustments as appropriately
protecting its interests hereunder against such dilution, then the Companys board of directors and the Holder shall agree, in good
faith, upon an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing to make such appropriate adjustments, whose determination
shall be final and binding and whose fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company.

3. RIGHTS
UPON DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if the Company shall declare or make
any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, indebtedness, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction,
other than a distribution of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 2(a)) (a Distribution), at any time after
the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent
that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately
before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Distributions would result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or the beneficial ownership of any such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Distribution to such extent) and such Distribution to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum Percentage).

4. PURCHASE
RIGHTS; FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a) 
Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 2 above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the
record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled
to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record
is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record
holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to
the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum
Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of
such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum
Percentage).

(b) Fundamental
Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless the Successor Entity assumes in writing
all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents related to this Warrant in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 4(b) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved
by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements confirming the obligations of the Successor Entity as set forth
in this paragraph (b) and (c) and elsewhere in this Warrant and an obligation to deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a
security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant, including,
without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to the shares of Common Stock
acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking
into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of
capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the
economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
at the election of the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant following a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to
the Holder, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable
under Sections 3 and 4(a) above, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to
the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of common stock (or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent
Entity), or other securities, cash, assets or other property, which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening
of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction;
provided, however, that such amount of reserved shares of Common Stock shall be limited by the Maximum Percentage of shares of Common
Stock as set forth in Section 1(e).

(c) Application.
The provisions of this Section 4 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied as if this
Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants issued hereunder) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant (provided that the Holder shall continue to be entitled to the benefit of the Maximum Percentage, applied however with
respect to shares of capital stock registered under the 1934 Act and thereafter receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (or any such
other warrant)).

5. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times
in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock
receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, so long as this Warrant is outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep
available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of this Warrant,
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of this Warrant; provided,
however, that such amount of reserved shares of Common Stock shall be limited by the Maximum Percentage of shares of Common Stock as set
forth in Section 1(e).

6. WARRANT
HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity as a holder
of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose,
nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder of this Warrant,
any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any
reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings,
receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which it is then entitled
to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities
on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such
liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. Notwithstanding this Section 6, the Company shall provide the
Holder with copies of the same notices and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with
the giving thereof to the stockholders.

7. REISSUANCE
OF WARRANTS.

(a) Transfer
of Warrant.

If this Warrant is to be transferred,
the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of
Warrant Shares being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the total number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant is being
transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
not being transferred. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing
such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected
by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred securities under the Securities Act.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant.

(c) Exchangeable
for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company,
for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 7(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of Warrant
Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such portion of such Warrant Shares
as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants for fractional shares of Common Stock shall
be given.

(d) Issuance
of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant (i)
shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right to purchase the
Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section 7(a) or Section 7(c), the
Warrant Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the other new Warrants issued
in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Shares then underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance
date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions
as this Warrant.

8. NOTICES.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance
with Section 6.4 of the Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this
Warrant, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) as soon as practicable upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price and the number
of Warrant Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment(s) and (ii) at least fifteen
(15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon
the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase
stock, warrants, securities, indebtedness, or other property pro rata to holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights
to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information (to the extent
it constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction
with such notice being provided to the Holder and (iii) at least ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder (whether under this Section 8 or otherwise) constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
information regarding the Company, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K. It is expressly understood and agreed that the time of execution specified by the Holder in each Exercise Notice shall be definitive
and may not be disputed or challenged by the Company.

9. AMENDMENT
AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant (other than Section 1(e)) may be amended and the
Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has
obtained the written consent of the Holder. The Holder shall be entitled, at its option, to the benefit of any amendment of any other
similar warrant issued under the Agreement. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative
of the waiving party.

10. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions
of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

11. GOVERNING
LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of
any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company
in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in
favor of the Holder. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

12. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed against
any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Warrant.

13. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation
of the Warrant Shares (as the case may be), the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the disputed determinations or
arithmetic calculations (as the case may be) via facsimile (i) within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be) or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after
the Holder or the Company (as the case may be) learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company
are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation (as the case may be) of the Exercise Price or fair market value or the number
of Warrant Shares (as the case may be) within three (3) Business Days of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation being submitted
to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days submit via facsimile (a) the disputed
arithmetic calculation of the Warrant Shares, the disputed determination of the Exercise Price or fair market value (as the case may be)
to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Holder or (b) if acceptable to the Holder, the disputed arithmetic calculation
of the Warrant Shares to the Companys independent, outside accountant. The Company shall cause at its expense the investment bank
or the accountant (as the case may be) to perform the determinations or calculations (as the case may be) and notify the Company and the
Holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations (as
the case may be). Such investment banks or accountants determination or calculation (as the case may be) shall be binding
upon all parties absent demonstrable error.

14. REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATION, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be cumulative
and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual
damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall
be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with
respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall
not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for
any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the holder
of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation
to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions
of this Warrant (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares
as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax
or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

15. TRANSFER.
This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company.

16. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(b) Common
Stock means (i) the Companys common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such
common stock of the Company shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

(c) 
Eligible Market means the Principal Market, New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select
Market or the Nasdaq Global Market.

(d) Expiration
Date means the date that is February 27, 2030 or, if such date falls on a day other than a Business Day or on which trading
does not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday), the next date that is not a Holiday.

(e) Fundamental
Transaction means that (i) the Company shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, (1) consolidate
or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving entity) any other Person unless the stockholders of the Company immediately
prior to such consolidation or merger continue to hold more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock after such consolidation
or merger, or (2) sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or
assets to any other Person, or (3) allow any other Person to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders
of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock of the Company (not including any shares of Voting Stock of the Company held
by the Person or Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the Persons making or party to, such purchase, tender or
exchange offer), or (4) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with any other Person whereby such other Person acquires more than
50% of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock of the Company (not including any shares of Voting Stock of the Company held by the other
Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share
purchase agreement or other business combination), or (ii) any person or group (as these terms are used for
purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) is or shall become the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented
by issued and outstanding Voting Stock of the Company.

(f) 
Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities.

(g) Parent
Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent
equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent
Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(h) Successor
Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental
Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been
entered into.

(i) 
Voting Stock of a Person means capital stock of such Person of the class or classes pursuant to which the
holders thereof have the general voting power to elect, or the general power to appoint, at least a majority of the board of
directors, managers or trustees of such Person (irrespective of whether or not at the time capital stock of any other class or
classes shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).

[signature page follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

By: /s/
Stephan Jackman 

Name: Stephan Jackman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT A

EXERCISE NOTICE

TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE
THIS

Warrant
to Purchase Shares of Common Stock

Alzamend
Neuro, Inc.

The undersigned holder hereby
exercises the right to purchase _________________ of the shares of Common Stock (Warrant Shares) of Alzamend Neuro,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), evidenced by Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock dated February
28, 2025 (the Warrant). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings
set forth in the Warrant.

1. Payment
of Exercise Price.

Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

i lawful money of the United States; or

If permitted under Section 1(a) of the Warrant the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 1(a) of the Warrant, to exercise this Warrant with respect to the number of Warrant Shares purchasable under this Exercise Notice.

2. Delivery
of Warrant Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ shares of Common Stock
in respect of the exercise contemplated hereby. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, to the following address:

_______________________

_______________________

_______________________

_______________________

Date: , 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Account Number: 

(if electronic book entry transfer) 

Transaction Code Number: 

(if electronic book entry transfer) 

EXHIBIT B

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Company hereby acknowledges
this Exercise Notice and hereby directs ______________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with
the Transfer Agent Instructions dated _________, 20__, from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by _______________.

ALZAMEND
NEURO, INC. 

By: 

Name: Stephan Jackman 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE & EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase &
Exchange Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into and effective as of February 28, 2025 (the Execution
Date), by and between Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and Orchid Finance LLC,
a Nevada limited liability company (including its designees, successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the parties
desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall
purchase from the Company, from time to time as provided herein, up to 500 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred
Shares) at a purchase price equal to $9,500 per share of Series C Preferred Stock, with each such Preferred Share having a
stated value of $10,000 ($5,000,000 in the aggregate).

WHEREAS, the Purchaser
is the record and beneficial owner of 97.7511 shares of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Subject
Shares).

WHEREAS, the Purchaser
has expressed its interest in exchanging its Subject Shares for newly issued Preferred Shares, and the Company is willing to acquire all
of the Purchasers Subject Shares pursuant to an exchange transaction (the Exchange) whereby, pursuant to the
terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser shall exchange 100% of the Subject
Shares for 87.9867 Preferred Shares (the Exchange Shares), as more fully described below.

WHEREAS, the offer,
sale and issuance of the Preferred Shares, including the Exchange Shares, provided for herein are being made without registration under
the Securities Act, in reliance upon the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and such other exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to any or all of the purchase and exchange of Preferred Shares to
be made hereunder.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises, the mutual provisions of this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy
of which are hereby acknowledged, Company and Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

In addition to the terms defined
elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Article I:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(t).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. With respect to Purchaser, without limitation,
any Person owning, owned by, or under common ownership with Purchaser, and any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a
discretionary basis by the same investment manager as Purchaser will be deemed to be an Affiliate.

Agreement
means this Securities Purchase & Exchange Agreement including the exhibits and schedules hereto.

Approval Date
means the date when the Company shall have received the Exchange Approval.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Certificate
means the Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of the Preferred Shares in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock
means the Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, and any other shares of stock issued or issuable with respect thereto
(whether by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in exchange for or upon conversion of such shares or otherwise in connection with
a combination of shares, distribution, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, other corporate reorganization or other similar event
with respect to the Common Stock).

Contingent Obligation
means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any indebtedness, lease,
dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary
effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements
relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with
respect thereto.

Contracts
means any and all contracts, agreements, commitment, franchises, understandings, arrangements, leases, licenses, registrations, authorizations,
easements, servitudes, rights of way, mortgages, bonds, notes, guaranties, Encumbrances, evidence of indebtedness, approvals or other
instruments or undertakings to which such person is a party or to which or by which such person or the property of such person is subject
or bound, whether written or oral and whether or not entered into in the ordinary and usual course of the Persons business, excluding
any Permits, provided that each such Contract shall provide for the payment of no less than $100,000.

Conversion Shares
means the shares of Common Stock into which the Preferred Shares are convertible in accordance with the Certificate.

Disclosure Schedules
means the disclosure schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith, attached hereto, and incorporated herein by reference.
The Disclosure Schedules shall contain no material non-public information.

Disqualification
Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

DTC means
The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for Company.

Encumbrances
means any security or other property interest or right, claim, lien, pledge, option, charge, security interest, contingent or conditional
sale, or other title claim or retention agreement, interest or other right or claim of third parties, whether perfected or not perfected,
voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law, and including any agreement (other than this Agreement) to grant or submit to any
of the foregoing in the future.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange Approval
means approval of the issuance of Common Stock contemplated by this Agreement by the Principal Market, which approval shall be obtained
(i) in the case of the initial Conversion Shares in a number equal to the Exchange Cap and (ii) in the case of the remaining Conversion
Shares, no later than ten (10) calendar days after the Company shall have obtained Stockholder Approval to issue such Conversion Shares.

Exchange Cap
shall mean that number of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that would
be issued as well as permitted to vote or be converted pursuant to this Agreement and such Transaction Documents would not exceed 19.99%
of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date hereof.

Exchange
Tranche means the Exchange of the Exchange Shares for the Subject Shares.

Exchange Tranche
Closing means the Closing with respect to the Exchange Tranche.

Exchange Tranche
Closing Date means the date of the Exchange Tranche Closing.

Exempt Issuance
means the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or stock options (and Common Stock issued upon exercise of such
securities) to employees, officers, consultants, advisors or directors of the Company in consideration of services to the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the
members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, not to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding on the Effective Date, (ii) the Securities issued hereunder and any Common Stock or other securities issued upon the conversion,
exercise, or exchange of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date
of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise, exchange or conversion price of such securities;
(iii) shares of Common Stock issued upon any anti-dilution adjustment to Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents held by current unaffiliated
security holders as of the date of this Agreement, provided that such anti-dilution adjustments are made pursuant to instruments or binding
agreements issued and outstanding or in force as of the date of this Agreement and that such instruments or agreements have not been amended
since the date of this Agreement to provide for new or additional anti-dilution rights or to increase the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon any required anti-dilution adjustment; (iv) securities issued to any underwriter, placement agent or other registered broker-dealer
as reasonable commissions or fees in connection with any financing transactions; (v) securities issued pursuant to any merger, acquisition,
asset purchase or similar transaction approved by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof, provided that
any such issuance shall only be to a Person or Persons (or to the equity holders of a Person or Persons) which is, itself or through its
subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company, but shall not include
a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
is investing in securities; and (vi) securities issued pursuant to any purchase money equipment loan, capital leasing arrangement or debt
financing from a commercial bank or similar financial institution.

- 2 - 

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Fundamental Transaction
has the meaning set forth in the Warrants.

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved.

Governmental Authority
means any nation or country (including but not limited to the United States) and any commonwealth, territory or possession thereof and
any government or governmental or regulatory, legislative, executive authority thereof, or commission, department or political subdivision
thereof, whether federal, state, regional, municipal, local or foreign, or any department, board, bureau, agency, instrumentality or authority
thereof, or any court or arbitrator (public or private), including, but not limited to, the SEC and FINRA.

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(x).

Intellectual Property
Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ff)(i).

Issuable Shares
means the Preferred Shares, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Issuer Covered Person
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Knowledge
means, with respect to any Person, (x) such Person is actually aware of such fact or matter or (y) such Person should reasonably have
been expected to discover or otherwise become aware of such fact or matter after reasonable investigation, and for purposes hereof it
shall be assumed that such Person has conducted a reasonable investigation of the accuracy of the representations and warranties set forth
herein.

Legal Requirement
means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, multi-national or other law, common law, statute, constitutions, ordinances, rules,
regulations, codes, Orders, or legally enforceable requirements enacted, issued, adopted, promulgated, enforced, ordered, or applied by
any Governmental Authority.

Legend Removal Date
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Liability
means any liability, obligation or indebtedness of whatever kind or nature (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted,
whether absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including
any liability for Taxes.

Liens
means any security or other property interest or right, claim, lien, pledge, option, charge, security interest, contingent or conditional
sale, or other title claim or retention agreement, interest or other right or claim of third parties, whether perfected or not perfected,
voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law, and including any agreement (other than this Agreement) to grant or submit to any
of the foregoing in the future.

Loss
or Losses means any and all Liability, damages, fines, fees, penalties and expenses whether or not arising out of
litigation, including without limitation, interest, reasonable expenses of investigation, court costs, reasonable out-of-pocket fees and
expenses of attorneys, accountants and other experts or other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of litigation or other legal proceedings,
incurred in connection with the rightful enforcement of rights under this Agreement against any party hereto, and whether or not arising
out of third party claims against an indemnified party.

- 3 - 

Material Adverse
Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii)
the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or
(iii) the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

Material Agreement
means any material loan agreement, financing agreement, equity investment agreement or securities instrument to which Company is a party,
any agreement or instrument to which Company and Purchaser or any Affiliate of the Purchaser is a party, and any other material agreement
listed, or required to be listed, on any of Companys reports filed or required to be filed with the SEC, including without limitation
Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K.

Maximum Investment means Five
Million Dollars ($5,000,000).

Money Laundering Laws shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii).

OFAC shall have the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Order means any order, writ,
assessment, decision, injunction, decree, ruling, or judgment of a Governmental Entity or arbitrator, whether temporary, preliminary,
or permanent.

Officers
Certificate has the meaning set forth in the Section 2.4(b)(i) hereof.

Per Share Purchase
Price shall mean Nine Thousand, Five Hundred Dollars ($9,500).

Permits
means any and all permits, rights, approvals, licenses, authorizations, legal status, orders or Contracts under any Legal Requirement
or otherwise granted by any Governmental Authority.

Permitted Liens
means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies
not yet due or Liens for Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in accordance
with GAAP; (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as carriers,
warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course
of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property
or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y)
are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future
the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien; (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business
in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; and (d) deposits
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other
obligations of a like nature that are not past due, in each case in the ordinary course of business, but excluding any contract for the
payment of money.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Shares
means the shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock being (i) exchanged for the Subject Shares, and (ii) issued and sold to the Purchaser
by the Company hereunder.

Principal Market
means the NASDAQ Capital Market.

Principal Market
Rules means the rules and regulations of the Principal Market.

Properties
means any and all properties and assets (real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible) owned or used by the Company.

- 4 - 

Registration Rights
Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, between the Company and the Purchaser, dated as of the date hereof,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

Registration Statement
has the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Required Approvals
means the Stockholder Approval, Exchange Approval and any other approvals that may be required hereunder.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule
or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect.

SEC means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(g).

Secretarys
Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(b)(ii) hereof.

Securities
means the Issuable Shares and the Warrants.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Series C Preferred
Stock means shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, issuable pursuant to the Certificate.

Series C Share Price
means $9,500.

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include
the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Stockholder Approval
means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Principal Market Rules (or the applicable rules
and regulations of any successor entity) from the stockholders of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents, including the issuance of all of the Issuable Shares in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding
Common Stock on the Exchange Tranche Closing Date.

Subscription Amount
means, as to the Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Preferred Shares and the Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
below the Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in
United States dollars and in immediately available funds, consisting of the aggregate amount of all Tranche Purchase Prices.

Subsequent Tranche
Closing means each Tranche Closing other than the Exchange Tranche Closing. The first Subsequent Tranche Closing shall occur
on the earlier of (i) April 29, 2025, provided that the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC no later than April
15, 2025, or (ii) the Fifteenth (15th) calendar day after the Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by the SEC.

Subsequent Tranche
Installment Date means each date on which a Seven Hundred and Twelve Thousand, Five Hundred Dollar ($712,500) monthly installment
of the Subsequent Tranche Purchase Price is due and payable hereunder, provided, however, that no more than Four Hundred, Seventy-Five
Thousand Dollars ($475,000) shall be due and payable on the final Subsequent Tranche Installment Date.

Subsequent Tranche
Purchase Price means an aggregate of Four Million, Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($4,750,000), payable by the Purchaser
in cash, with Seven Hundred and Twelve Thousand, Five Hundred Dollar ($712,500) per month being payable over seven (7) months commencing
on the date when the conditions to closing of the Subsequent Tranche Closing shall have been satisfied or waived and continuing until
the entire Subscription Payment shall have been made, provided, however, that the final Subsequent Tranche Purchase Price shall consist
of Four Hundred, Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($475,000) being due and payable on the final Subsequent Tranche Installment Date.

- 5 - 

Subsidiary
means any Person the Company owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the capital stock or
similar interest that would be disclosable pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(21).

Tax means
any and all taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without limitation, local and/or foreign income, net worth,
gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, customs
duties, share capital, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real property, personal
property, sales, use, service, service use, transfer, registration, recording, ad-valorem, value-added, alternative or add-on minimum,
estimated, or other taxes, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether
disputed or not.

Tax Return
means any federal, state, local and foreign tax return, report or similar statement required to be filed with respect to any Tax (including
any attached schedules), including, without limitation, any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of estimated
Tax.

Taxing Authority
means the Internal Revenue Service and any other Governmental Authority responsible for the administration of any Tax.

Termination Date
shall mean the date of the Exchange Tranche Closing Date, which shall be no later than March 14, 2025.

Trading Day
means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Trading Market; provided that it shall not include any day on which the Common
Stock is (a) scheduled to trade for less than 5 hours, or (b) suspended from trading.

Trading Market
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, the NASDAQ Capital Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, OTCQB,
OTCQX, or the OTC Pink (or any successors to any of the foregoing). Notwithstanding the foregoing, term Trading Market shall
only include the OTC Pink for any interim period of time required upon the Companys delisting from any other Trading Market provided
that the Company shall be required to list its Common Stock for trading or quotation on another Trading Market (excluding the OTC Pink)
promptly upon such delisting and the failure to do so shall constitute a default under the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents.

Tranche
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Tranche Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).

Tranche Payment
Dates shall mean any date on which a Tranche Payment Price is paid by the Purchaser to the Company, which Tranche Payment Dates
are set forth in Section 2.4.

Tranche Purchase
Prices means, collectively, the Exchange Tranche Purchase Price and the Subsequent Tranche Purchase Price.

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Certificate, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement and the other agreements and documents referenced
herein, and the exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto.

Transfer Agent
means Computershare Trust Company, N.A. or any successor transfer agent for the Common Stock.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on
a Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the OTC Pink Marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc.
(or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent closing price per share of the
Common Stock so reported, or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent
appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchaser of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

- 6 - 

Warrant
and Warrants mean that certain Warrant between the Company and the Purchaser, dated as of the date hereof, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are exercisable in accordance with the terms of each respective Warrant.

ARTICLE II

EXCHANGE, PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Exchange.
Subject to the terms and conditions herein and the satisfaction of the conditions to closing set forth in this Article II, on the Exchange
Tranche Closing Date, the Purchaser hereby agrees to transfer, convey, assign, set over and deliver (Transfer) to
the Company, with full title guarantee, and the Company shall acquire and accept from the Purchaser, all and not less than all of the
Subject Shares, free and clear of all Encumbrances. The Purchaser hereby waives all rights of preemption, other restrictions on Transfer
and rights of veto or otherwise, which have or may have been conferred on any or all of them, or otherwise, in respect of the Transfer
of the Subject Shares to the Company under this Agreement. On the Exchange Tranche Closing Date and in sole consideration for the Transfer
of the Subject Shares, the Company shall deliver, in exchange for the Transfer (the Exchange) to the Purchaser, the
Exchange Shares. On the Exchange Tranche Closing Date, all rights that the Purchaser held under the Securities Purchase Agreement entered
into by and between the parties hereto on May 8, 2024 (the Prior Agreement) and the Transaction Documents (as such
term is defined in the Prior Agreement) shall be terminated and be deemed null and void and of no further force or effect.

2.2 Agreement to
Purchase. Subject to the terms and conditions herein and the satisfaction of the conditions to closing set forth in this Article
II, the Company hereby agrees to issue to the Purchaser and the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, 500 Preferred
Shares in six tranches of 75 shares each and a final additional tranche of 50 shares (each, a Tranche) in
accordance with Section 2.4 below and, in consideration for the Preferred Shares, the Purchaser agrees to furnish to the Company at
each Closing the applicable Tranche Purchase Price, provided that, in the aggregate, the Purchaser shall not pay more than the
Maximum Investment 

1. 

2. 

3. .

2.3 Warrants
to be Issued to Purchaser: On the Exchange Tranche Closing Date, for no additional consideration, Purchaser shall be issued five-year
warrants to acquire 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock, which Warrant shall be in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (each,
a Warrant and collectively, the Warrants). Each Warrant shall have an exercise price (the Exercise
Price) of $0.92125.

2.4 Closing;
Conditions to Closing; Mechanics of Closing.

(a) Closing.
The purchase of Preferred Shares hereunder shall occur in eight (8) tranche closings, representing the Exchange Tranche Closing and the
seven Subsequent Tranche Closings, in the amounts set forth below (each, a Tranche Closing) which shall occur when,
with respect to (i) the Exchange Tranche Closing, the conditions set forth in Section 2.4(b) and Section 2.4(c) have been satisfied or
waived (the Exchange Tranche) and (ii) the Subsequent Tranche Closing, the conditions set forth in Section 2.4(b)
and Section 2.4(d) have been satisfied or waived (the Subsequent Tranche). The date on which a Tranche Closing occurs
is referred to herein as a Tranche Closing Date.

(b) Purchaser
Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with each Tranche Closing, and, with the exception
of 2.4(ii) and (iii) below, with respect to each Subsequent Tranche Closing, are subject to the following conditions being satisfied or
waived:

(i) each
and every representation and warranty of the Company shall be true and correct as of the date when made and as of the applicable Tranche
Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which
shall be true and correct as of such date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with the covenants,
agreements and conditions required to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the applicable Tranche Closing
Date, including, without limitation the issuance of all Securities prior to the date of such Tranche Closing as required by this Section
2.4 and the Transaction Documents and the Company has a sufficient number of duly authorized and designated Preferred Shares and authorized
Conversion Shares reserved for issuance as may be required to fulfill its obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents and Purchaser
shall have received a certificate, executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of the applicable Tranche Closing
Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser in the form acceptable to Purchaser
(the Officers Certificate);

- 7 - 

(ii) the
Company shall have delivered to Purchaser a certificate, in the form previously provided to the Company by the Purchaser, executed by
the Secretary of the Company and dated as of the applicable Tranche Closing Date, as to (A) the resolutions as adopted by the Board of
Directors authorizing the entering into the Transaction Documents and the transactions envisioned thereby, which resolutions shall have
remained in full force and effect, (B) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (reflecting the filed Certificate) and (D) the
Bylaws of the Company as in effect at the applicable Closing (the Secretarys Certificate);

(iii) the
Company shall have delivered to Purchaser a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction
of formation issued by the Secretary of State of such jurisdiction of formation as of a date within ten (10) days of the applicable Tranche
Closing Date;

(ix) as
of the applicable Tranche Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall be listed on the Principal Market and shall not have been suspended
by the SEC or the Principal Market and, at any time prior to the applicable Tranche Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades
are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States
or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international
calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable
judgment of the Purchaser, and without regard to any factors unique to the Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase
the Securities at the Closing;

(x) neither
the Company nor any Significant Subsidiary, as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X for purposes of this definition,
shall have suffered a Material Adverse Effect;

(xi) current
indebtedness of the Company, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, shall not be in excess of $5,000,000;

(xii) the
Company shall not be exposed to any additional regulatory enforcement action beyond those disclosed in the SEC Documents;

(xiii) the
average Closing Price (as defined in the Certificate) of the Common Stock during the prior Three (3) Trading Days preceding each Tranche
Closing shall have been equal to or greater than the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate), provided, that in the event that this
Section 2.4(b)(xiv) shall not have been met as of the applicable Tranche Closing Date, the Purchaser shall make the applicable Tranche
Purchase Price within Two (2) Trading Days of the condition set forth in this Section 2.4(b)(xiv) having been met; and

(xiv) any
other conditions contained herein or the other Transaction Documents.

(c) Purchaser
Conditions to the Exchange Tranche Closing. The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Exchange Tranche Closing
are subject to the following conditions being satisfied or waived:

(i) the
Company shall have filed the Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and such Certificate shall be in full force
and effect;

(ii) there
shall have been no breach of any obligations, covenants and agreements under the Transaction Documents and no existing event which, with
the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute a breach under the Transaction Documents; and

(iii) the
Company shall have delivered the Company Exchange Closing Documents to the Purchaser.

(d) Purchaser
Conditions to the Subsequent Tranche Closings. The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Subsequent Tranche
Closing are subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.4(b) and Section 2.4(e) being satisfied or waived and to the following conditions
being satisfied or waived:

(i) the
Company shall have delivered the Company Subsequent Closing Documents to the Purchaser;

- 8 - 

(ii) the
Company shall have terminated its At-the-Market offering;

(ii) the
Company shall have caused the Registration Statement to have been declared effective by the SEC, the Registration Statement shall be in
effect at the time of the Subsequent Tranche Closing and available for the issuance of the Issuable Shares, and the Registration Statement
shall not be subject to any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement; and

(iii) the
Company shall have obtained Stockholder Approval and thereafter Exchange Approval.

(e) Company
Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with each Closing are subject to the following conditions
being satisfied or waived:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects as of each Tranche Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required by this Agreement to be performed at or prior to each Tranche Closing
Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the
delivery by the Purchaser of the Purchaser Closing Documents.

(f) Purchasers
Right to Accelerate Payments. Notwithstanding the foregoing dates set forth above applicable to the various Tranche Purchase Prices,
the Purchaser shall have the ability, exercisable in its sole discretion, to purchase any number of Preferred Shares in advance of the
foregoing dates.

(g) Delivery
of Notice of Satisfaction. The Company shall, in accordance with the dates provided for in this Section 2.4, deliver an irrevocable
written notice (each, a Notice of Satisfaction), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E-1 with respect
to the Exchange Tranche Closing and Exhibit E-2 with respect to each Subsequent Tranche Closing, to the Purchaser, stating
that the Company has fulfilled its obligations necessary for the applicable Tranche Closing to occur, and indicate the Tranche Closing
Date, together with the number of Preferred Shares which the Purchaser shall exchange or purchase, as the case may be, from the Company
and, in the case of a Subsequent Tranche Closing, the aggregate purchase price for such Preferred Shares which shall be equal to the number
of Preferred Shares being purchased multiplied by the Series C Share Price (in each case, the Tranche Purchase Price).
The number of Preferred Shares being purchased on each Subsequent Tranche Closing Date shall be Seventy-Five (75) such shares, provided
that no more than Fifty (50) such shares shall be purchased on the final Subsequent Tranche Closing Date. A Notice of Satisfaction delivered
by the Company to the Purchaser by 2:30 p.m. Eastern time on any Trading Day shall be deemed delivered on the same day. A Notice of Satisfaction
delivered by the Company to the Purchaser after 2:30 p.m. Eastern time on any Trading Day, or at any time on a non-Trading Day, shall
be deemed delivered on the next Trading Day. The date that the Notice of Satisfaction is deemed delivered is the Notice of Satisfaction
Date. Each Notice of Satisfaction shall be delivered via facsimile or electronic mail, with confirming copy by overnight carrier,
in each case to the address set forth after the signature page hereof.

(h) Documents
to be Delivered at the Exchange Tranche Closing by the Company. The Exchange Tranche Closing shall be conditioned upon the delivery
by the Company to Purchaser of each of the following (the Company Exchange Closing Documents) on or before the applicable
Tranche Closing Date:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) certificates
evidencing the Exchange Shares exchanged for the Subject Shares in the Exchange Tranche Closing shall have been delivered to Purchaser;

(iii) the
Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(iv) the
Officers Certificate, executed by an officer of the Company;

(v) the
Secretarys Certificate, executed by the Corporate Secretary of the Company;

(vi) a
Certificate of Good Standing of the Company from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;

- 9 - 

(vii) the
written confirmation by the Company to the Purchaser that the applicable Required Approvals, if any (for the avoidance of doubt, evidence
of neither the Exchange Approval nor the Stockholder Approval shall be required to be delivered by the Company to the Purchaser with respect
to the Exchange Tranche Closing) have been obtained

(viii) the
Warrants, duly executed by the Company, in the form as prescribed in Section 2.3; and

(ix) all
documents, instruments and other writings required to be delivered by the Company to Purchaser on or before the applicable Exchange Tranche
Closing Date pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein.

(i) Documents
to be Delivered at each Subsequent Tranche Closing by the Company. Each Subsequent Tranche Closing shall be conditioned upon the delivery
by the Company to Purchaser of each of the following (the Company Subsequent Closing Documents) on or before the
applicable Tranche Closing Date:

(i) the
Officers Certificate, executed by an officer of the Company;

(ii) the
Secretarys Certificate, executed by the Corporate Secretary of the Company;

(iii) a
Certificate of Good Standing of the Company from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;

(iv) certificates
evidencing the number of Preferred Shares purchased in the Subsequent Tranche Closing shall have been delivered to Purchaser;

(v) the
written confirmation by the Company to the Purchaser that any applicable Required Approvals have been obtained (for the avoidance of doubt,
evidence of the Exchange Approval and the Stockholder Approval shall be required to be delivered by the Company to the Purchaser with
respect to any Tranche Closing where, upon closing of such Tranche, the total cumulative number of Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares
issuable upon conversion of all Preferred Shares and all Warrants then issued under this Agreement would exceed the Exchange Cap); notwithstanding
the foregoing, once the Company has delivered to the Purchaser evidence that Exchange Approval and Stockholder Approval for the Maximum
Investment has been obtained, this Section 2.4(i)(vi) shall no longer apply;

(vi) the
written confirmation by the Company to the Purchaser that the Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by the SEC; and

(vii) all
documents, instruments and other writings required to be delivered by the Company to Purchaser on or before the applicable Subsequent
Tranche Closing Date pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or in order to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein.

(j) Documents
to be Delivered at the Exchange Tranche Closing Date by the Purchaser. The Exchange Tranche Closing Date shall be conditioned upon
the delivery, unless otherwise provided below, by Purchaser to the Company of each of the following (the Purchaser Closing Documents)
on or before the Exchange Tranche Closing Date:

(i) this
Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser;

(ii) all
warrants previously issued to the Purchaser by the Company, all of which shall be cancelled upon the Execution Date; and

(ii) the
Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser.

(k) Mechanics
of Closing. Subject to such conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Tranche Closing shall occur by 5:00 p.m. Eastern time, on
the date which is one (1) Trading Day following (and not counting) the Notice of Satisfaction Date (each, a Tranche Closing
Date) at the offices of the Company. On or before any Tranche Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Company the
applicable Subscription Amount, with any cash portion to be delivered in cash or immediately available funds as consideration for the
purchase of the Preferred Shares pursuant to wire instructions delivered to the Purchaser by the Company, and the applicable Purchaser
Closing Documents. The Company shall deliver to the Purchaser all Company Closing Documents on or before any Tranche Closing Date.

- 10 - 

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth under the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, which shall be deemed
a part hereof and which shall not contain any material non-public information, the Company hereby represents and warrants to, and as applicable
covenants with, the Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of each Tranche Closing: 

(l) 

(a) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company listed on Schedule 3.1(a) (the
Subsidiaries) is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation
or formation. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business, and is in good standing in the states required
due to (i) the ownership or lease of real or personal property for use in the operation of the Company's business or (ii) the nature of
the business conducted by the Company, except where the failure to so qualify would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has all requisite power, right and authority to own, operate and lease its properties
and assets, to carry on its business as now conducted, to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, subject to the Required
Approvals. All actions on the part of the Company and its officers and directors necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby,
and the performance of all of the Company's obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been taken or will
be taken prior to the Closing. This Agreement has been, and the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party on the Closing
will be, duly executed and delivered by the Company, and this Agreement is, and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is
a party on the Closing will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and similar laws of general application relating
to or affecting the enforcement of rights of creditors, and except as enforceability of the obligations hereunder are subject to general
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or law). All of the Subsidiaries
and the Company's ownership interests therein are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of
the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens except Permitted Liens, and subject to the
Required Approvals, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully
paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Authority.
The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction Documents and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation,
the issuance of the Securities, have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors and no further filing (other than a Form D with the
SEC and any other filings as may be required by any state securities agencies, the Form 8-K (as hereinafter defined) and the applicable
Stockholder Approval and application regarding the listing of additional shares), consent, or authorization is required by the Company,
the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been duly executed
and delivered by the Company, and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of
applicable creditors rights and remedies and except as rights to indemnification and to contribution may be limited by federal
or state securities laws.

- 11 - 

(c) Capitalization.
The authorized share capital of the Company consists of: (i) 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which, as of February 21, 2025, 6,597,507
shares are issued and outstanding, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, which consist of (A) 3,000
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, of which, as of the date hereof, 87.9867 are issued and outstanding (the Series
A Preferred Stock), (B) 6,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock)
of which, as of the date hereof, 2,100 shares are issued and outstanding, and (C) 1,000 Preferred Shares of which, as of the date hereof,
none is issued or outstanding. Upon the filing of the Certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware, with respect to payment of
dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, all
Preferred Shares will rank senior to all of the Companys Common Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. As of the date hereof, the
Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock 150,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance as Conversion Shares and for
issuance of the Warrant Shares. All of such outstanding shares are duly authorized and have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued
and are fully paid and non-assessable. Except as disclosed in SEC Documents and/or in Schedule 3.1(c), hereof: (i) none of the
Companys or any Subsidiarys share capital is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or Encumbrances
suffered or permitted by the Company or any subsidiary; (ii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable
for, any share capital of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional share capital of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights
convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any share capital of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (iii) except for all
debt securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments set forth on Schedule 3.1(c),
there are no outstanding debt securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing
indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound; (iv)
other than with respect to the current indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, there are no financing statements securing
obligations in any amounts filed in connection with the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (v) there are no agreements or arrangements
under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the Securities Act;
(vi) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar
provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (vii) there are no securities or instruments containing
anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities; (viii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement; and (ix) neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations required to be disclosed in the SEC Documents which are not
so disclosed in the SEC Documents, other than those incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys or its subsidiaries
respective businesses and which, individually or in the aggregate, do not or could not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Consents.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any filing
(other than the Form 8-K, Stockholder Approval, the Registration Rights Agreement and the applicable notification regarding the listing
of additional shares and receipt of Exchange Approval) or registration with, any court, governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory
agency or any other Person in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under or contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, in each case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings (other
than the Form 8-K and the applicable notification regarding the listing of additional shares) and registrations which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected on or prior to the applicable
Tranche Closing Date, including Exchange Approval, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any facts or circumstances
which might prevent the Company or any of its subsidiaries from obtaining or effecting any of the registration, application or filings
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company is not in violation of the requirements of the
Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which could reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common
Stock in the foreseeable future.

(e) Conflicts;
Non-Contravention; No Violations. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation
by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (A) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation
(as defined above) or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any share capital of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries or Bylaws (as defined above) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) conflict with, or constitute a default
(or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or
(C) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree, including foreign, federal and state securities laws
and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which
any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound or affected except, in the case of clause (B) or (C) above, to
the extent such violations that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(f) Taxes
Related to the Securities. On each date the Company issues Securities to the Purchaser, all share transfer or other taxes (other than
income or similar taxes) which are required to be paid in connection with the issuance of the Securities hereunder on such date will be,
or will have been, fully paid or provided for by the Company, and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been complied with.

- 12 - 

(g) SEC
Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has, during the preceding 12 months, filed with the SEC all reports and other materials
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and
all exhibits included therein and financial statements, notes and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being
hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC
Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included
in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and
regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect as of the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated
in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude
footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company
as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate). There is no event,
pending event or threatened event that could result in the Company not filing with the SEC all reports and other materials required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such filings.

(h) No
Material Non-Public Information. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser
or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute material, non-public information
concerning the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than the existence of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company after reasonable inquiry, all disclosures provided to the Purchaser
regarding the Company and its subsidiaries, their businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the schedules to this
Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is true and correct in all material respects and does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(i) Valid
Issuance of Issuable Shares. The issuance of each of the Preferred Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares have been duly authorized
and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Certification and the Warrant, as applicable, will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable and free and clear of all liens, Encumbrances and rights of refusal of any kind, subject to Stockholder
Approval and Exchange Approval. The issuance of the Warrant is duly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered by the
Company, will be a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting
the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles.

(j) Certain
Fees. Other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchaser shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section
that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(k) Acknowledgement
of Dilution. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the issuance of the Issuable Shares pursuant to this Agreement may have
a dilutive effect, which may be substantial, (ii) neither the Company nor any of the Companys Affiliates has or will provide the
Purchaser with any material non-public information regarding the Company or its securities, and (iii) the Purchaser has no obligation
of confidentiality to the Company and may sell any of its Issuable Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement at any time but subject to
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

(l) Status
of the Purchaser. The Company acknowledges and agrees that with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
(i) the Purchaser is acting solely in an arms length capacity, (ii) the Purchaser does not make and has not made any representations
or warranties, other than those specifically set forth in this Agreement, (iii) except as set forth in this Agreement, the Companys
obligations hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless
of any claim the Company may have against the Purchaser, (iv) the Purchaser has not and is not acting as a legal, financial, accounting
or tax advisor to the Company, or agent or fiduciary of the Company, or in any similar capacity, and (v) any statement made by the Purchaser
or any of the Purchasers representatives, agents or attorneys is not advice or a recommendation to the Company.

- 13 - 

(m) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements; Principal Market Regulation.

(i) The
Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to
its Knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company
received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company
has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or
has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal
Market. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(m), the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable
future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

(ii) The
Company shall not permit the Preferred Shares to have any conversion or voting rights or sell any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock that would be issued pursuant to this Agreement and such Transaction Documents would exceed the Exchange
Cap, unless and until the Company obtains Stockholder Approval of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and such Transaction
Documents and the stockholders of the Company as well as, subsequently, the Principal Market have in fact approved the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and such Transaction Documents in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the applicable Principal Market,
and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company. The Company shall use its best efforts to file a preliminary proxy statement
on Schedule 14A (the PRE 14A) with the SEC as soon as practicable but in any event no later than twenty (20) days
following the Execution Date for a special meeting of its stockholders in order to obtain all necessary approvals of the conversion and
voting power of the remaining Conversion Shares not subject to the Exchange Cap (it being acknowledged and agreed that all Preferred Shares
shall be issued as set forth herein but only become convertible and have voting power upon receipt of Stockholder Approval therefor) consistent
with the rules and regulations of the Principal Market. In addition, the PRE 14A shall include the unanimous recommendation of the Board
of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the
same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies
in favor of such proposal including, if requested by the Purchaser, the retention and utilization of a nationally known proxy solicitation
firm. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to: (i) promptly clear any comments received by the SEC on the PRE 14A and thereafter
use its best efforts to file a definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (the DEF 14A) related to the meeting of
its stockholders within thirty (30) days of the Execution Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, and (ii) obtain such
Stockholder Approval. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first such meeting, and in any event within ninety (90)
days of the Execution Date, the Company shall call a meeting no later than every three (3) months thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval
until the earlier of the date on which Stockholder Approval is obtained or the Securities are no longer outstanding.

(n) Shell
Company Status. The Company is not an issuer identified in, or subject to, Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act.

(o) No
Nasdaq Inquiries; Delisting. Except as disclosed in SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date of this
Agreement, received notice from any national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the shares of Common Stock are
listed or designated for quotation to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of
such national securities exchange or automated quotation system.

(p) SEC
and Nasdaq Matters. The Companys Common Stock is listed on the Principal Market (or traded on other exchange or market reasonably
acceptable to the Purchaser). No suspension of trading of the Companys Common Stock is in effect.

(q) DTC
Eligibility. The Company, through its Transfer Agent, currently participates in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST)
Program and utilizes DTCs Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) service, and the shares of Common Stock may
be issued and transferred electronically to third parties via DTCs DWAC service. The Company has not, in the 12 months preceding
the date of this Agreement, received any notice from DTC to the effect that a suspension of, or restriction on, accepting additional deposits
of the shares of Common Stock, or electronic trading or settlement services with respect to the shares of Common Stock are being imposed
or are contemplated by DTC.

(r) No
Anti-Takeover Provisions. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, or other similar antitakeover provision under the Certificate
of Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents of the Company, as currently in effect, or the laws of the jurisdiction of
its incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the Companys issuance of Securities hereunder and the Purchasers ownership of such Securities, together
with all other securities now or hereafter owned or acquired by the Purchaser. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary
action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial
ownership of Issuable Shares or a change in control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Until the earlier of the time that the
Purchaser no longer beneficially owns any Issuable Shares or February 27, 2027, the Board of Directors shall not adopt any anti-takeover
provision, including without limitation any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership
of Common Stock, that would limit the ability of Purchaser to acquire or hold Issuable Shares in accordance with this Agreement, without
the Purchasers written consent.

- 14 - 

(s) Blue
Sky Matters. The Company shall take such action as the Purchaser shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to qualify the Securities
issuable to the Purchaser hereunder under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States for
the issuance to the Purchaser hereunder and for resale by the Purchaser to the public (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification).
Without limiting any other obligation of the Company hereunder, the Company shall timely make all filings and reports relating to the
offer and issuance of such Securities required under all applicable securities laws (including, without limitation, all applicable federal
securities laws and all applicable state securities or blue sky laws), and the Company shall comply with all applicable
federal, state, local and foreign laws, statutes, rules, regulations and the like relating to the offering and issuance of such Securities
to the Purchaser.

(t) Litigation.
There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(t),
or against or affecting the Companys current or former officers or directors in their capacity as such, before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an
Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction
Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action
involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has
not been, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company
or any current or former director or officer of the Company that is likely to lead to action that can reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation
by the SEC involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The SEC has not issued any stop order or
other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or
the Securities Act.

(u) No
Defaults. Except as disclosed in SEC Documents and/or in Schedule 3.1(u) hereof, the Company is not in a default under, or
has given to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party.

(v) Employee
Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or employs any member
of a union. The Company believes that its and its Subsidiaries' relations with their respective employees are good. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations respecting labor, employment and employment
practices and benefits, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(v) or where
failure to be in compliance would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(w) Tax
Matters.

(i) 
All Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of the Company have been duly and timely filed with the appropriate Taxing Authority
in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are required to be filed (after giving effect to any valid extensions of time in which
to make such filings), and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and correct in all material respects. All Taxes payable by or on behalf
of the Company (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been fully and timely paid. With respect to any period for which Tax Returns
have not yet been filed or for which Taxes are not yet due or owing, the Company has made due and sufficient accruals for such Taxes in
the GAAP Financial Statements and in its books and records. All required estimated Tax payments sufficient to avoid any underpayment penalties
or interest have been made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has complied in all material respects with all applicable Legal
Requirements relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor,
creditor, equity owner or other third party and has duly and timely withheld and paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority all amounts
required to be so withheld and paid under all applicable Legal Requirements.

(ii) The
Company has not (i) requested any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return, which Tax Return has since not been filed, (ii)
granted any extension for the assessment or collection of Taxes, which Taxes have not since been paid, or (iii) granted to any Person
any power of attorney that is currently in force with respect to any Tax matter. The Company is not a foreign person within the meaning
of Sections 7701(a)(1) and 7701(a)(5) of the Code. The Company has never been a shareholder of any consolidated, combined, affiliated
or unitary group of corporations for any Tax purposes. The Company is not a party to any Tax allocation or Tax sharing agreement nor does
it have any liability for the Taxes of any Person under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any predecessor or successor thereof
of any analogous or similar provision under Legal Requirement), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise.

- 15 - 

(iii) The
Company has not made any payments, is not obligated to make any payments, or is not a party to any agreement that obligates it to make
any payments that are not deductible under Section 280G of the Code. The Company has not been a United States real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(a)(ii) of the Code.

(x) Indebtedness
and Other Contracts. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(x), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has any outstanding
Indebtedness (as defined below), (ii) is a party to any contract, agreement or instrument, the violation of which, or default under which,
by the other party(ies) to such contract, agreement or instrument could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(iii) is in violation of any term of, or in default under, any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, except
where such violations and defaults would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, or (iv) is a party
to any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, the performance of which, in the judgment of the Companys
officers, has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement: (x) Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as
the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles) (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business), (C) all reimbursement or
payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes,
bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property,
assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred
as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights
and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property),
(F) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A)
through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured
by) any mortgage, claim, lien, tax, right of first refusal, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property
or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has
not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations
of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above.

(y) Absence
of Certain Changes. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Documents, since the date of the Companys most recent audited financial
statements contained in a Form 10-K, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the business, assets,
liabilities, properties, operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, since the date of the Companys most recent audited financial statements
contained in a Form 10-K, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) declared or paid any dividends, (ii) sold any assets,
individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business or (iii) made any capital expenditures, individually or in
the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course of business. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any steps to seek
protection pursuant to any law or statute relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up,
nor does the Company or any Subsidiary have any knowledge or reason to believe that any of their respective creditors intend to initiate
involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or any actual knowledge of any fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so. The Company and
its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are not as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby
to occur at the Closing, will not be Insolvent (as defined below). For purposes of this Section 3(y), Insolvent means,
with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, (A) the present fair saleable value of the Companys
and its Subsidiaries assets is less than the amount required to pay the Companys and its Subsidiaries total indebtedness,
(B) the Company and its Subsidiaries are unable to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts
and liabilities become absolute and matured or (C) the Company and its Subsidiaries intend to incur or believe that they will incur debts
that would be beyond their ability to pay as such debts mature. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any business
or in any transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or in any transaction, for which the Companys or such Subsidiarys
remaining assets constitute unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now
conducted and is proposed to be conducted.

- 16 - 

(z) No
Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. Since April 30, 2024, except as set forth in the SEC Documents: (i)
there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect,
(ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys
financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in the SEC Documents, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the
Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or
made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(z), the Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate. The Company does not have pending before the SEC any request
for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on
Schedule 3.1(z), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected
to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial
condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made
or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least two Trading Days prior to the date that this representation is made.

(aa) No
Disqualification Events. None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer,
other officer of the Company participating in the Transaction contemplated hereby, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the
Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is
defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an
Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in
Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification
Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person
is subject to a Disqualification Event.

(bb) General
Solicitation. None of the Company, any of its Affiliates or any person acting on behalf of the Company or such Affiliate will
solicit any offer to buy or offer or sell the Securities by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising within
the meaning of Regulation D, including: (i) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any
newspaper, magazine or similar medium or broadcast over television or radio; and (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees have
been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

(cc) Compliance. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with
notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation
has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii)
is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to ERISA, taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product
quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

(dd) Regulatory Permits.
The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all approvals, certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state,
local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Documents, except where
the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits),
and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material
Permit.

(ee) Title to Assets.
The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property (if any) owned by them and good and
marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each
case free and clear of all Liens, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(ee) and except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect
the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and
the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made in accordance
with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by
the Company and the Subsidiaries is held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are in compliance, or where the failure of a lease to be enforceable would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(ff) Intellectual Property.

(i) The
term Intellectual Property Rights includes:

(A) the
name of the Company and each Subsidiary, all fictional business names, trading names, registered and unregistered trademarks, service
marks, and applications of the Company and each Subsidiary (collectively, Marks);

(B) all
patents, patent applications, and inventions and discoveries that may be patentable of the Company and each Subsidiary (collectively,
Patents);

- 17 - 

(C) all
copyrights in both unpublished works and published works of the Company and each Subsidiary (collectively, Copyrights);

(D) all
rights in mask works of the Company and each Subsidiary (collectively, Rights in Mask Works); and

(E) all
know-how, trade secrets, confidential information, customer lists, software, technical information, data, process technology, plans, drawings,
and blue prints (collectively, Trade Secrets); owned, used, or licensed by the Company and each Subsidiary as licensee
or licensor.

(ii) Agreements.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(ff), there are no outstanding and, to the Companys Knowledge, no threatened disputes
or disagreements with respect to any agreements relating to any Intellectual Property Rights to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company is bound.

(iii) Know-How
Necessary for the Business. The Intellectual Property Rights are all those necessary for the operation of the Companys businesses
as it is currently conducted. The Company is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to each of the Intellectual Property Rights,
except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(ff), free and clear of all liens, security interests, charges, encumbrances, equities, and
other adverse claims, and has the right to use all of the Intellectual Property Rights. To the Companys Knowledge, no employee
of the Company has entered into any contract that restricts or limits in any way the scope or type of work in which the employee may be
engaged or requires the employee to transfer, assign, or disclose information concerning his work to anyone other than of the Company.

(iv) Patents.
The Company is the owner of, or has acquired the right and maintains the right to use, all right, title and interest in and to each of
the Patents, free and clear of all Liens and other adverse claims. All of the issued Patents are currently in compliance with formal legal
requirements (including payment of filing, examination, and maintenance fees and proofs of working or use), are valid and enforceable,
and are not subject to any maintenance fees or taxes or actions falling due within ninety days after the Exchange Tranche Closing Date.
No Patent has been or is now involved in any interference, reissue, reexamination, or opposition proceeding. To the Companys Knowledge
except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(ff): (1) there is no potentially interfering patent or patent application of any third party,
and (2) no Patent is infringed or has been challenged or threatened in any way. To the Companys Knowledge, none of the products
manufactured and sold, nor any process or know-how used, by the Company infringes or is alleged to infringe any patent or other proprietary
right of any other Person.

(v) Trademarks.
The Company is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to each of the Marks, free and clear of all Liens and other adverse
claims. All Marks that have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office are currently in compliance with all formal
legal requirements (including the timely post-registration filing of affidavits of use and incontestability and renewal applications),
are valid and enforceable, and except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(ff) are not subject to any maintenance fees or taxes or actions
falling due within ninety days after the Exchange Tranche Closing Date. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(y), no Mark has been
or is now involved in any opposition, invalidation, or cancellation and, to the Companys Knowledge, no such action is threatened
with respect to any of the Marks. To the Companys Knowledge: (1) there is no potentially interfering trademark or trademark application
of any third party, and (2) no Mark is infringed or has been challenged or threatened in any way. To the Companys Knowledge, none
of the Marks used by the Company infringes or is alleged to infringe any trade name, trademark, or service mark of any third party.

(vi) Copyrights.
The Company is the owner of all rights, title, and interest in and to each of the Copyrights, free and clear of all Liens and other adverse
claims. All the Copyrights have been registered and are currently in compliance with formal requirements, are valid and enforceable, and
are not subject to any maintenance fees or taxes or actions falling due within ninety days after the date of the Closing. To the Companys
Knowledge, no Copyright is infringed or has been challenged or threatened in any way. To the Companys Knowledge, none of the subject
matter of any of the Copyrights infringes or is alleged to infringe any copyright of any third party or is a derivative work based on
the work of a third party. All works encompassed by the Copyrights have been marked with the proper copyright notice.

(vii) Trade
Secrets. With respect to each Trade Secret, the documentation relating to such Trade Secret is current, accurate, and sufficient in
detail and content to identify and explain it and to allow its full and proper use without reliance on the Knowledge or memory of any
individual. The Company has taken all reasonable precautions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality, and value of its Trade Secrets.
The Company has good title and an absolute and exclusive right to use the Trade Secrets. The Trade Secrets are not part of the public
knowledge or literature, and, to the Companys Knowledge, have not been used, divulged, or appropriated either for the benefit of
any Person (other the Company) or to the detriment of the Company, except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(ff). No Trade Secret is
subject to any adverse claim or has been challenged or threatened in any way.

- 18 - 

(gg) Stock Option Plans.
Each stock option granted by the Company under the stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of such stock option
plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be
considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under any stock option plan has been backdated. The Company
has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise
knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company
or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(hh) Office of Foreign
Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S.
Treasury Department (OFAC).

(ii) Money
Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material
respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of
1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any
arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company
or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(jj) No Integrated Transaction.
Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of
its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or
solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior
offerings by the Company for purposes of: (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the
Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable Stockholder Approval provisions of the Principal Market on which any of the securities of the Company
are listed or designated.

(kk) Application of Takeover
Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors will, no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Exchange Tranche Closing
Date, have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison
pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys Articles
of Incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser
as a result of the Purchaser and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents,
including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the
Securities.

(ll) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal
Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder
that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Exchange Tranche Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system
of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that, except as set forth in the SEC Documents: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the
Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company
and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the SECs rules and forms.

(mm) Insurance. The
Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited
to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the Subscription Amount, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(mm).
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without
a significant increase in cost.

- 19 - 

(nn) Disclosure. All
of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective
businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, when taken together as a whole,
is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order
to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated
by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser
neither makes nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically
set forth herein.

(oo) Solvency.
Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Exchange Tranche Closing Date, and the Companys good faith
estimate of the fair market value of its assets, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the
Securities hereunder: (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on
or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii)
the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be
conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company,
consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together
with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of
the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company
does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash
to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no Knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that
it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the
Exchange Tranche Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(oo) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding liens and secured and unsecured
Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. Except as disclosed on Schedule
3.1(mm), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(pp) Foreign Corrupt Practices.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the Knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf
of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or
other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully
any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which
is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(qq) Bank Holding Company
Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve).
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the
outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises
a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal
Reserve.

(rr) Accountants and Lawyers.
The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(rr). To the Knowledge and belief
of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) is an independent registered public accounting firm and (ii) has expressed its opinion with
respect to the financial statements included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. There are
no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants
and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants
and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(ss) Material Agreements.
Except for the Transaction Documents (with respect to clause (i) only) or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(pp) hereto, or as would
not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have performed all obligations
required to be performed by them to date under any Material Agreement, (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
any notice of default under any Material Agreement and, (iii) to the best of the Companys Knowledge, neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in default under any Material Agreement now in effect.

- 20 - 

(tt) Promotional Stock
Activities. Neither the Company, its officers, its directors, nor any Affiliates or agents of the Company have engaged in any stock
promotional activity that could give rise to a complaint, inquiry, or trading suspension by the SEC alleging (i) a violation of the anti-fraud
provisions of the federal securities laws, (ii) violations of the anti-touting provisions, (iii) improper gun-jumping; or (iv)
promotion without proper disclosure of compensation.

(uu) No Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements. Other than as set forth in Schedule 3.1(uu), neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates is involved
in any Off-balance Sheet Arrangements. For purposes hereof an Off-balance Sheet Arrangement means any
transaction or contract to which an entity unconsolidated with the Company or any of its Affiliates is a party and under which either
the Company or any such Affiliate has: (i) any obligation under a guarantee contract pursuant to which the Company or any of its Affiliates
could be required to make payments to the guaranteed party, including any standby letter of credit, market value guarantee, performance
guarantee, indemnification agreement, keep-well or other support agreement; (ii) any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
to such unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to the entity in respect of such assets; (iii) any
variable interest held in such unconsolidated entity where such entity provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support
to, or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with the Company of any of its Affiliates; and (iv) any liability
or obligation of the same nature as those described in clauses (i) through (iii) of this sentence even if of a different name (whether
absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) that would not be required to be reflected in the Company or any of its Affiliates
financial statements.

(vv) Compliance with Registration
Requirements. At the time the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for periods after April 30, 2024 was filed with the
SEC, the Company met the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The documents incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the SEC, or became effective
under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, complied and will comply with in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange
Act.

(ww) Full Disclosure.
No representation or warranty by the Company in this Agreement and no statement contained in the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement
or any certificate or other document furnished or to be furnished to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement contains any untrue statement
of a material fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances
in which they are made, not misleading.

(xx) Survival.
The foregoing representations and warranties shall not survive the applicable Tranche Closing Date.

(yy) No Other Representations
or Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Section 3.1, neither the Company nor any
other Person makes any representation or warranty with respect to the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries or their respective business,
operations, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to the Purchaser
or any of its Affiliates or representatives of any documentation, forecasts or other information with respect to any one or more of the
foregoing. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Section 3.1, the Company hereby disclaims all liability and
responsibility for any representation, warranty, projection, forecast, statement, or information made, communicated, or furnished (orally
or in writing) to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or representatives (including any opinion, information, projection, or advice
that may have been or may be provided to the Purchaser or by any director, officer, employee, agent, consultant, or representative of
the Company or any of its Affiliates). The Company makes no representations or warranties to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or
representatives regarding the probable success or profitability of the Company.

3.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to, and as applicable covenants with, the Company as
of the date hereof and as of each Tranche Closing: 

(a) Authority.
The Purchaser has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents, to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Transaction
Documents by the Purchaser, and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized
by its managing member, and no other company proceedings on the part of the Purchaser are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents have been duly validly executed and delivered
by the Purchaser and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, constitute a legally valid and binding obligation
of the Purchaser, each enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms (except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting creditors rights
generally and subject to the effect of general principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

- 21 - 

(b) No
Conflict. None of the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents by the Purchaser, the consummation by the Purchaser
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or compliance by the Purchaser with any of the provisions of this Agreement will (with
or without notice or lapse of time, or both): (a) conflict with or violate any provision of the organizational or governing documents
of the Purchaser, or (b) assuming that all consents, approvals, authorizations and permits described in Section 3.1(d) have been
obtained and all filings and notifications described in Section 3.1(d) have been made and any waiting periods thereunder have terminated
or expired, conflict with or violate any law applicable to the Purchaser, except, with respect to clause (b), for any such conflicts,
violations, consents, breaches, losses, defaults, other occurrences which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had a material adverse
effect on the ability of the Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder.

(c) Information
in the Form 8-K and Registration Statement. The information supplied by the Purchaser in writing expressly for inclusion or incorporation
by reference in the Form 8-K, the Registration Statement, and any amendment thereof, will not, on the date submitted to the Company, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; provided, that such information
shall only consist the name, address and other information that is required to be provided in the Form 8-K and Registration Statement
for purposes of identifying the Purchaser.

(d) No
Litigation. There are no actions, suits, arbitrations, mediations, proceedings or claims pending or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser,
threatened against Purchaser that seeks to restrain or enjoin the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(e) Securities
Act Representations.

(i) Restricted
Shares. The Purchaser represents that it understands that except as provided herein or in the Registration Rights Agreement, the Securities
to be sold to it pursuant to this Agreement will not be registered pursuant to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and
that the resale of such Securities is subject to certain restrictions hereunder and under federal and state securities laws. The Purchaser
represents that it is acquiring such Securities for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the distribution
thereof in violation of applicable securities laws. The Purchaser further represents that it has been advised and understands that to
the extent such Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, such Securities must be held indefinitely unless (i) the
resale of such Securities has been registered under the Securities Act, (ii) a sale of such Securities is made in conformity with the
holding period, volume and other limitations of Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, or (iii) in the opinion of counsel
reasonably acceptable to the Company, some other exemption from registration is available with respect to any proposed sale, transfer
or other disposition of such Securities.

(ii) Legend.
The Purchaser represents that it has been advised and understands that, subject to applicable securities laws, stop transfer instructions
will be given to the Companys Transfer Agent with respect to the Securities and that a legend, substantially in the form provided
for in Section 3.2(f) hereof, setting forth the restrictions on transfer will be set forth on the certificates for the Issuable
Shares or any substitutions therefor.

(iii) Accredited
Investor. The Purchaser is an accredited investor (as such term is defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act).

(iv) Affiliate
Status. As of the date of this Agreement and during the 90 calendar days prior to the date of this Agreement, neither the Purchaser
nor any Affiliate thereof is or was an officer, director, or 10% or more stockholder of the Company.

(v) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.2(e)(v), Purchaser represents that it has not paid, and shall not pay, any commissions
or other remuneration, directly or indirectly, to any third party for the solicitation of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement
and no additional consideration from the Purchaser was received or will be received by the Company for the Securities.

(vi) Absence
of Reliance. Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the issuance and transfer to it of the Securities has not been reviewed by
the SEC or any state securities regulatory authority because such transaction is intended to be exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act, and applicable state securities laws. Purchaser understands that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, acknowledgments and understandings of Purchaser set forth
herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Purchaser to acquire the Securities.

- 22 - 

(vii) Status
of Purchaser. Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of Purchasers investment in the Company through Purchasers acquisition of the Securities. The Purchaser is able
to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Company through Purchasers acquisition of the Securities for an indefinite period
of time. The Purchaser can afford a complete loss of such investment and has no need for liquidity in such investment. Purchaser acknowledges
that it has prior investment experience and that it recognizes and fully understands the highly speculative nature of Purchasers
investment in the Company pursuant to its acquisition of the Securities. The Purchaser acknowledges that it, either alone or together
with its professional advisors, has the capacity to protect its own interests in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

(viii) No
General Solicitation. The Purchaser represents and warrants that it was not induced to invest in the Company (pursuant to the issuance
to it of the Securities) by any form of general solicitation or general advertising, including, but not limited to, the following: (a)
any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media (including via the Internet)
or broadcast over the news or radio or (b) any seminar or meeting whose attendees were invited by any general solicitation or advertising.

(ix) No
Short Sales. Purchaser agrees that neither it nor its Affiliates, agents or representatives shall at any time engage in any Short
Sales of, or sell put options or similar instruments with respect to, the Companys Common Stock or any other of the Companys
securities.

(x) Acknowledgement
of Receipt of Information. The Purchaser has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers and materials, and to discuss
the business of the Company and its subsidiaries and related matters, with certain key officers of the Company and its subsidiaries regarding
the transactions contemplated hereby. The Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that other than the Companys representations
and warranties set forth in Section 3.1 hereof, neither the Company nor any of its representatives makes or has made any representation
or warranty, express or implied, at law or in equity, with respect to the business of the Company or any subsidiary thereof nor with respect
to the Issuable Shares.

(f) The
Purchaser understands and agrees that the certificates for the Securities shall bear substantially the following legend:

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE
OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE OR EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,
SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE
COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A
UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

(g) Certificates
evidencing Securities shall not be required to contain the legend set forth in Section 3.2 (h) above or any other legend (i) while
a registration statement covering the resale of such Securities is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such
Securities pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming the transferor is not an affiliate of the Company), (iii) if such Securities are eligible to
be sold, assigned or transferred under Rule 144 (provided that the Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurances that such
Securities are eligible for sale, assignment or transfer under Rule 144 which shall not include an opinion of the Purchasers counsel),
(iv) in connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer (other than under Rule 144), provided that the Purchaser provides the Company
with an opinion of counsel, in a generally acceptable form, to the effect that such sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities may
be made without registration under the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including, without limitation, controlling judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the
SEC). If a legend is not required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall no later than three (3) business days following the delivery
by the Purchaser to the Company or the transfer agent (with notice to the Company) of a legended certificate representing such Securities
(endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in form necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer,
if applicable), together with any other deliveries from the Purchaser as may be required above in this Section 3.2 (i), as directed
by the Purchaser, either: (A) provided that the Companys transfer agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer
Program and the Securities are Conversion Shares, credit the aggregate number of Conversion Shares to which the Purchaser shall be entitled
to the Purchasers or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B)
if the Companys transfer agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver (via
reputable overnight courier) to the Purchaser, a certificate representing such Securities that is free from all restrictive and other
legends, registered in the name of the Purchaser or its designee. The Company shall be responsible for any transfer agent fees, fees of
legal counsel to the Company or DTC fees with respect to any issuance of Securities or the removal of any legends with respect to any
Securities in accordance herewith.

- 23 - 

(h) the
Purchaser understands that neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved the Securities or passed upon or endorsed
the merits of the Transaction. There is no government or other insurance covering any of the Securities.

(i) The
Purchaser has taken no action that would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, finders fees or the like
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(j) The
Purchaser and the Purchasers attorney, accountant, purchaser representative and/or tax advisor, if any (collectively, the Advisors)
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of a prospective
investment in the Securities. The Purchaser has not been organized solely for the purpose of acquiring the Securities. The Purchaser is
not relying on the Company or any of its employees, agents, or advisors with respect to the legal, tax, economic and related considerations
of an investment in the Securities, and the Purchaser has relied on the advice of, or has consulted with, only its own Advisors.

(k) No
oral or written representations have been made, or oral or written information furnished, to the Purchaser or its Advisors, if any, in
connection with the Transaction that are in any way inconsistent with the information contained herein.

(l) The
Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial
matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Transaction, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.
The Purchaser has not authorized any person or entity to act as its Purchaser Representative (as that term is defined in Regulation D
of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act) in connection with the Transaction. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic
risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

4.1 Transfer
Restrictions.

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of the Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of
counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities
Act. As a condition of such transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
the other applicable Transaction Documents and shall have the rights and obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement.

- 24 - 

(b) The
Purchaser agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on the Securities in the following form:

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE OR EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION
IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and
agrees that, the Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant
a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined
in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and the other applicable Transaction
Documents and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, the Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities into the name
of the pledgees or secured parties, in their respective capacities as such. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval
of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. 
Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and
deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or
transfer of the Securities.

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Conversion Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of any such securities are effective under the Securities Act; (ii) following any sale of such Conversion
Shares pursuant to Rule 144; if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations
and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC). The Company shall upon request of the Purchaser and at the Companys sole expense
cause its counsel (or at the Purchasers option, counsel selected by the Purchaser) to issue a legal opinion reasonably satisfactory
to the Company to the Transfer Agent promptly after any of the events described in (i)-(ii) in the preceding sentence if required by the
Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder (with a copy to the applicable Purchaser and its broker). If all or any portion
of any Preferred Shares is converted at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Conversion
Shares, or if such Conversion Shares may be sold under Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC) then such Conversion Shares
shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section
4.1(c), it will, no later than 9:00 AM the next Trading Day following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent
of a certificate representing Conversion Shares issued with a restrictive legend (such Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date),
instruct the Transfer Agent to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser a certificate representing such shares of Common Stock
that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the
Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Article IV. Certificates for the Conversion Shares that are
subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers
prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the Purchaser.

(d) In
lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the unlegended shares, upon request of the Purchaser, so long as the certificates
therefor do not bear a legend and the Purchaser is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon and
provided it is commercially reasonable for the Company to do so, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit
the unlegended shares by crediting the account of Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company through its DWAC system,
provided that the Companys Common Stock is DTC eligible and the Companys transfer agent participates in the Deposit Withdrawal
at Custodian system and such Securities are Conversion Shares. Such delivery must be made on or before the Legend Removal Date.

(e) In
the event the Purchaser shall request delivery of unlegended shares as described in this Section 4.1 and the Company is required to deliver
such unlegended shares, the Company may not refuse to deliver unlegended shares based on any claim that the Purchaser or anyone associated
or affiliated with the Purchaser has not complied with Purchasers obligations under the Transaction Documents, or for any other
reason, unless, an injunction or temporary restraining order from a court, on notice, restraining and or enjoining delivery of such unlegended
shares shall have been sought and obtained by the Company and the Company has posted a surety bond for the benefit of the Purchaser in
the amount of the greater of (i) 100% of the amount of the aggregate stated value of the Conversion Shares which is subject to the injunction
or temporary restraining order, or (ii) the VWAP of the Common Stock on the trading day before the issue date of the injunction multiplied
by the number of unlegended shares to be subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation
of the dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Purchaser to the extent Purchaser obtains judgment in Purchasers
favor.

- 25 - 

4.2 Furnishing
of Information. For as long as the Purchaser owns Preferred Shares, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in
respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant
to the Exchange Act. Upon the request of the Purchaser, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a written certification of a duly authorized
officer as to whether it has complied with the preceding sentence. For as long as the Purchaser owns Preferred Shares, if the Company
is not required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchaser and make publicly available in accordance
with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchaser to sell the Preferred Shares under Rule 144. The Company further covenants
that it will take such further action as any holder of Preferred Shares may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to
time to enable such Person to sell such Preferred Shares without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions
provided by Rule 144. 

4.3 Integration.
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Preferred Shares in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Preferred Shares to Purchaser or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Preferred
Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.4Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall timely file a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Form 8-K) as required
by this Agreement, and may issue a press release, in each case reasonably acceptable to Purchaser, disclosing the material terms of the
transactions contemplated hereby. The Company and Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor Purchaser shall issue any such press release or otherwise make any such
public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any such press release of Purchaser, or without the prior consent
of Purchaser, with respect to any such press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except
if such disclosure is required by law or Principal Market Rules, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party
with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the
name of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser in any filing with the SEC or any regulatory agency or Principal Market, without
the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except (i) as contained in the Form 8-K and press release described above, (ii) as required
by federal securities law in connection with any registration statement under which the securities are registered, (iii) to the extent
such disclosure is required by law or Principal Market Rules, in which case the Company shall provide Purchaser with prior notice of such
disclosure, or (iv) to the extent such disclosure is required in any SEC Document filed by the Company.

4.5 Most
Favored Nation Status. From the date hereof through the date that no Preferred Shares are outstanding, the Company shall not enter
into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with any individual
or entity (an Other Investor) that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other Investor
in a manner more favorable to such Other Investor than the rights and benefits established in favor of the Purchaser by the Preferred
Shares and the other Transaction Documents, unless, in any such case, the (i) the Company shall notify the Purchaser of such additional
or more favorable term within five (5) Business Days of the issuance of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at the Purchasers
option, shall become a part of the Transaction Documents with the Company (regardless of whether the Company complied with the notification
provision of this Section 4.5). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the holder of such security
include, but are not limited to, terms addressing redemption features, rights of first refusal, dividends and conversion lookback periods.

4.6 Right
of First Refusal. Provided that the initial Subsequent Tranche Closing shall have occurred no later than April 15, 2025, then from
the Execution Date until the later to occur of (i) the Purchaser no longer having any current, future, or continuing obligation to pay
any Tranche Purchase Prices under the Agreement, and (ii) the time when Purchaser shall hold no fewer than Twenty-Five (25) shares of
Series C Preferred Stock, without the affirmative consent or approval of the Majority Holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock
then outstanding, the Company grants the Purchaser the right of first refusal with respect to any investment proposed to be made by an
Other Investor for each and every future public or private equity offering, including a debt instrument convertible into equity of the
Company during such two-year period (an Offering). The Company shall notify the Purchaser of its intention to pursue
any such Offering, including the material terms thereof, by providing written notice thereof to the Purchaser. If the Purchaser fails
to accept in writing any such proposal for such Offering within three (3) days after receipt of a written notice in accordance with this
Section 4.6 from the Company, then the Purchaser will have no claim or right with respect to any such Offering contained in any such notice.
The Purchaser shall have five (5) days thereafter to close upon that financing transaction. If, thereafter, such proposal is modified
in any material respect, the Company will adopt the same procedure as with respect to the original proposed Offering and the Purchaser
shall have the right of first refusal with respect to such revised proposal.

- 26 - 

4.7 Right
of Participation. If the Purchaser declines to exercise the right of first refusal or does not close upon the financing within the
required timeframe, then, provided that the initial Subsequent Tranche Closing shall have occurred no later than April 15, 2025, the Purchaser
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate for up to 25% of any Subsequent Placement, as such term is defined below.

(a) If
the Purchaser has been advised by the Company of a proposed Offering but the Purchaser fails or declines to exercise its right of first
refusal with respect thereto, and if the Company has delivered to the Purchaser or its assigns a notice (an MNPI Pre-Notice)
and offer to deliver material non-public information (MNPI), and the Purchaser or its assigns has delivered written
notice that it will accept such MNPI and only in that event, at least ten (10) trading days prior to any proposed or intended sale by
the Company of its Common Stock or other securities or equity linked debt obligations other than an Exempt Issuance other than (v) thereof
(each, a Subsequent Placement), the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a written notice of its proposal or intention
to effect a Subsequent Placement (each such notice, a Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall not contain any information
(including, without limitation, material, non-public information) other than: (A) a statement that the Company proposes or intends to
effect a Subsequent Placement, (B) a statement that the statement in clause (A) above does not constitute material, non-public information
and (C) a statement informing the Purchaser that it is entitled to receive an Offer Notice (as defined below) with respect to such Subsequent
Placement upon its written request. Upon the written request of the Purchaser within five (5) Business Days after the Companys
delivery to the Purchaser of such Pre-Notice, and only upon a written request by the Purchaser, the Company shall promptly, but no later
than three (3) Business Days after such request, deliver to the Purchaser an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice)
of any proposed or intended issuance or sale or exchange (the Offer) of the securities being offered (the Offered
Securities) in a Subsequent Placement, which Offer Notice shall (I) identify and describe the Offered Securities, (II) describe
the price and other terms upon which they are to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the Offered Securities to be
issued, sold or exchanged, (III) identify the persons (if known) to which or with which the Offered Securities are to be offered, issued,
sold or exchanged and (IV) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Purchaser in accordance with the terms of the Offer such number
of Offered Securities entitling the Purchaser to maintain its percentage beneficial ownership of the Company held prior to the Subsequent
Placement (the Participation Amount).

(b) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Purchaser must deliver a written notice to the Company prior to the end of the third (3rd)
Business Day after the Purchasers receipt of the Offer Notice (the Offer Period), setting forth the portion
of the Purchasers Participation Amount that the Purchaser elects to purchase. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company desires
to modify or amend the terms and conditions of the Offer prior to the expiration of the Offer Period, the Company may deliver to the Purchaser
a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period shall expire on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Purchasers receipt of
such new Offer Notice. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that the Subsequent Placement is an overnight
registered offering (RDO), there shall be no Pre-Notice required to be delivered to the Purchaser; provided
that the Subsequent Placement is delivered between the time period of 4:00 pm (New York City time) and 6:00 pm (New York City time) on
the Trading Day immediately prior to the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Placement (or, if the Trading Day
of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Placement is the first Trading Day following a holiday or a weekend (including a holiday
weekend), between the time period of 4:00 pm (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to such holiday or weekend and
2:00 pm (New York City time) on the day immediately prior to the Trading Day of the expected announcement of the Subsequent Placement).
The Offer Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Placement, the amount of proceeds intended
to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Placement is proposed to be effected and shall
include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment. In addition, in the event of an RDO, any Purchaser desiring
to participate in such Subsequent Placement must provide written notice to the Company by 6:30 am (New York City time) on the Trading
Day following the date on which the Offer Notice is delivered to such Purchaser (the Notice Termination Time) that
such Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Placement, the amount of such Purchasers participation, and representing
and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Offer Notice.
If the Company receives no such notice from a Purchaser as of such Notice Termination Time, such Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified
the Company that it does not elect to participate in such Subsequent Placement.

4.8 Stockholders
Rights Plan; Investment Company. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other Person
that Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any stockholders rights plan or similar plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter
adopted by the Company, or that Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Preferred Shares under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and Purchaser. The Company shall conduct
its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

- 27 - 

4.9 Non-Public
Information. The Company covenants and agrees that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide Purchaser or
its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes MNPI, unless prior thereto Purchaser shall have executed
a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. On and after the date hereof, other than as described herein,
neither Purchaser nor any Affiliate of Purchaser shall have any duty of trust or confidence that is owed directly, indirectly, or derivatively,
to the Company or the stockholders of the Company, or to any other Person who is the source of material non-public information regarding
the Company. The Company understands and confirms that Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company.

4.10 Intentionally
Omitted.

4.11 Certain
Limitations. Notwithstanding anything contained in any Transaction Document to the contrary, the parties covenant and agree that the
Purchaser shall not convert any Preferred Shares, sell any Conversion Shares, exercise any Warrants or sell any Warrants to the extent
it would exceed the Exchange Cap, unless and until the Company obtains Exchange Approval and Stockholder Approval of the Transaction in
accordance with the Principal Market Rules. The Purchaser further covenants and agrees not to vote any of its Securities at the meeting
of the stockholders held for the purpose of obtaining such Stockholder Approval.

4.12 Approval
by Holders of Capital Stock. The Company will seek the approval of the Companys stockholders for the Issuable Shares for the
sole purpose of meeting the requirements of Principal Market Rules, Specifically Rule 5635 of the Nasdaq, and thereafter seek the Required
Approval. Until such Required Approval has been obtained, the Purchaser will neither vote its Preferred Shares nor (ii) convert its Preferred
Shares into Conversion Shares, nor shall it exercise any portion of the Warrant, subject to the Exchange Cap.

4.13 Certain
Transactions. The Purchaser covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding
with it will execute any Short Sales of the Common Stock or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect
to the Companys Common Stock) during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending on the date of the full
conversion of the Preferred Shares.

4.14 Registration
Statement. The Company shall file with the SEC a registration statement covering the sale of the Conversion Shares and the Warrant
Shares (the Registration Statement) as further described in the Registration Rights Agreement.

4.15 Maintenance
of Registration Statement. For so long as any of the Issuable Shares remains outstanding, the Company shall use its best efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement for the sale thereunder of the Issuable Shares. The Company shall promptly amend
the Registration Statement on such other form as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement for this
purpose. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement is not effective or is not otherwise available for the issuance
of the Issuable Shares or any prospectus contained therein is not available for use, the Company shall immediately notify the Purchaser
in writing that the Registration Statement is not then effective or a prospectus contained therein is not available for use and thereafter
shall promptly notify the Purchaser when the Registration Statement is effective again and available for the issuance of the Issuable
Shares or such prospectus is again available for use.

4.16 Primary
Market Compliance. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the parties shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the Principal Market Rules, including the listing requirements, and as long as the
Common Stock remains listed on the Principal Market the parties shall not enforce any provision of any Transaction Document which does
not comply with the Principal Market Rules.

4.17Reservation
of Shares. The Company shall initially duly authorize and reserve 1,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and thereafter shall have
a sufficient number of duly authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be able to issue the Preferred Shares to the Purchaser. The
Company shall initially reserve 75 million shares of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuing the Issuable
Shares. Thereafter, the Company shall reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock (i) solely for the purpose
of issuing the Conversion Shares, a number of authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock as indicated in the Certificate and (ii)
solely for the purpose of issuing the Warrant Shares, a number of authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock as indicated in the Warrant.

- 28 - 

4.18 Listing.
The Company shall promptly secure the listing or designation for quotation (as the case may be) of all of the Conversion Shares and the
Warrant Shares upon each trading market and national securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which the Common
Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as the case may be) (so that all such Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares may be
traded on the foregoing, subject to official notice of issuance) and shall maintain such listing or designation for quotation (as the
case may be) of all Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares from time to time issuable under the terms of the Transaction Documents on
such national securities exchange or automated quotation system. The Company shall maintain the Common Stocks listing or designation
for quotation (as the case may be) on the Principal Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market,
the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (each, an Eligible Market). The Company shall not take any
action which could be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market or any
Eligible Market. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 4.18.

4.19 Corporate
Existence. So long as Purchaser owns the Warrant, the Company shall not be party to any Fundamental Transaction unless the Company
is in compliance with the applicable provisions governing Fundamental Transactions set forth in the Warrants.

4.20 Conduct
of Business. The business of the Company shall not be conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
entity, except where such violations would not result, either individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.21 Passive
Foreign Investment Company. The Company shall conduct its business in such a manner as will ensure that the Company will not be deemed
to constitute a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

4.22 Notice
of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchaser in writing, prior to any Tranche Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating
to any Issuer Covered Person not otherwise disclosed herein.

4.23 Indemnification
of Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.23, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser and its officers,
managers, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such
titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls the Purchaser (within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, managers, stockholders, agents, members, partners
or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such
title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court
costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any the Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against, or any subpoena directed to, the Purchaser Parties in any
capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of the Purchaser Party,
with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of the Purchaser
Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings the Purchaser
Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct
by the Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser
Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in
writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to
the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense
thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment
thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained to represent such Purchaser
Party, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of the Purchaser Party, in which
case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will
not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (x) for any settlement by the Purchaser Party effected without the Companys
prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (y) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss,
claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements made by the Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or such Purchaser Partys fraud,
gross negligence or willful misconduct. The indemnification required by this Section 4.23 shall be made by periodic payments of
the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnification
contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and
any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to applicable law.

- 29 - 

4.24 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the sale of the Securities by the Company under
this Agreement as required under Regulation D. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary
in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchaser at the Closing under applicable securities
or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of
the Purchaser.

ARTICLE V

TERMINATION

5.1 Termination.

(a) The
Purchaser may elect to terminate this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following:

(i) if
at any time the Company has filed for and/or is subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other
proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors instituted by or against the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company;

(ii) the
Company is in breach or default of any Material Agreement, which breach or default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect;

(iii) the
Company is in breach or default of this Agreement, any Transaction Document, or any agreement with any Purchaser or any Affiliate of the
Purchaser, which breach or default could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(iv) upon
the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction.

(b) The
Company may elect to terminate this Agreement in the event that the Purchaser is in breach or default of this Agreement, any Transaction
Document, or any agreement with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, which breach or default could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Either
party hereto may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect in the event that the Registration Statement is not declared effective
by the SEC by April 15, 2025.

(d) This
Agreement will automatically terminate if the Exchange Closing has not occurred prior to the Termination Date, unless extended by the
mutual consent of the parties.

5.2 Effect
of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated for any reason, all Warrants issued to the Purchaser by the Company shall be cancelled
with immediate effect.

ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 Rescission
and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of
the other Transaction Documents, whenever the Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and
the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may rescind or withdraw,
in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part
without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of a conversion of any Preferred
Share, the Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion or exercise notice
concurrently with the return to the Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares.

6.2 Fees
and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its Advisors, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees,
DTC fees, stamp taxes and other similar taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser in
addition to paying the cost of any counsel or other expenses incurred in rendering Rule 144 opinions of counsel for the benefit of the
Purchaser upon request. The Company has agreed to pay $10,000 to the Purchasers legal counsel.

- 30 - 

6.3 Entire
Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

6.4 Notices. 
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, , (ii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges
prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by email, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by email, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours
where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of express courier service,
fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such delivery, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such
communications shall be: (i) if to the Company, to: Alzamend Neuro, Inc., 3480 Peachtree Road NE, Second Floor, Suite 103, Atlanta, GA
30326, Attn. Stephan Jackman, CEO, email: sjackman@alzamend.com with a copy by e-mail only (which shall not constitute notice) to: Alzamend
Neuro, Inc., 122 East 42nd Street, 50th Floor, Suite 5000, New York, NY 10168, Attn: Henry Nisser, Esq., email:
Henry@alzamend.com, and (ii) if to the Purchaser, to: the addresses and email address indicated on the signature pages hereto.

6.5 Amendments;
Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed,
in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchaser, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any
such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition
or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right.

6.6 Headings. 
The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

6.7 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted
assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Purchaser. The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchaser assigns or
transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by
the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

6.8 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth herein.

6.9 Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles
of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its
respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the
state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents,
then the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

- 31 - 

6.10 Survival. 
The representations and warranties contained herein shall not survive the applicable Tranche Closing Date.

6.11 Execution. 
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that
the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail
delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or
on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were
an original thereof.

6.12 Severability. 
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

6.13 Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

6.14 Replacement
of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any of the Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon surrender and cancellation thereof (in the case of
mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Company of such loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation, and of the ownership of such Security. The applicant for a new certificate
or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity and bonds) associated
with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

6.15 Remedies. 
In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchaser
and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages
may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and
hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law
would be adequate.

6.16 Payment
Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or the Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or
are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

6.17 Liquidated
Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
due thereunder have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages
or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

6.18 Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

6.19 Construction.
The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents
and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall
not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to
share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

- 32 - 

6.20 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE
PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY
AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

6.21 Equitable
Adjustment. Trading volume amounts, price/volume amounts and similar figures in the Transaction Documents shall be equitably adjusted
(but without duplication) to offset the effect of stock splits, similar events and as otherwise described in this Agreement, if such events
shall occur between the date of this Agreement and a Tranche Closing. 

- 33 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of the date first indicated above.

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC. Address for Notice:

By: /s/ Stephan Jackman 3480 Peachtree Road NE

Name: Stephan Jackman Second Floor, Suite 103

Title: Chief Executive Officer Atlanta, GA 30326

Attention: Stephan Jackman

E-Mail: Sjackman@alzamend.com

- 34 - 

PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGE TO ALZAMEND NEURO, INC. SECURITIES PURCHASE & EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Securities Purchase & Exchange Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory
of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: Orchid
Finance LLC

Signature of Authorized
Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: Rosemary Nguyen

Title of Authorized Signatory: Managing Member

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Maximum Investment: $5,000,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement
(this Agreement) is made and entered into as of February 28, 2025, between Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), and Orchid Finance LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the Purchaser).

This Agreement is made pursuant
to the Securities Purchase & Exchange Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Purchaser (the Purchase
Agreement).

The Company and the Purchaser
hereby agrees as follows:

1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such
terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Effectiveness Deadline
means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 55th calendar day following the
Execution Date (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 120th calendar day following the Execution
Date) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c), the 90th
calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a
full review by the Commission, the 120th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement
is required to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that
one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness
Deadline as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such
date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Deadline falls on a day that is not a Trading
Day, then the Effectiveness Deadline shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Event Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Filing Deadline
means, (i) with respect to the Initial Registration Statement, the 15th calendar day following the Execution Date, and (ii)
with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c), the earliest practical date
on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Indemnifying Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Initial Registration
Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) of this Agreement.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Plan of Distribution
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of
any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Registrable Securities
means, as of any date of determination, (a) all of the Conversion Shares Stock then issued and issuable upon conversion in full of
the Preferred Shares (assuming on such date the Preferred Shares are converted in full without regard to any conversion limitations therein),
(b) all Warrant Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (assuming on such date the Warrants are exercised in
full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (c) any additional shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in connection
with any anti-dilution provisions in the Preferred Shares or the Warrants (in each case, without giving effect to any limitations on conversion
set forth in the Preferred Shares or limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants), and (d) any securities issued or then issuable
upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided,
however, that any such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the
effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (i) a Registration Statement
with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable
Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Registrable Securities
have been sold in accordance with Rule 144 and the Company has delivered certificates representing such securities that no longer bear
a legend and/or for which the Transfer Agent has not instituted a stop order restricting further transfer, or (iii) such securities
become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as
set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders
(assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities
were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice
of counsel to the Company).

Registration Statement
means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements
contemplated by Section 2(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement
or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed
to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any other similar or
successor rule or regulation of the Commission that may at any time permit the Holders to sell securities of the Company to the public
without registration.

Rule 415
means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Selling Stockholder
Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

SEC Guidance
means (i) any publicly available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the
Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

2. Required
Registration.

(a) The
Company shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Filing Deadline, file with the Commission a Registration
Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities (the Initial Registration Statement); provided
that the Initial Registration Statement shall register for resale at least the number of shares of Common Stock equal to 125% of the sum
of (i) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares at the initial conversion price thereof
and (ii) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant (the Initial Required Registration
Amount). Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register
for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate form in accordance
herewith, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e)) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by at least a Majority in Interest
of the Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A. Subject to the terms
of this Agreement, the Company shall cause each Registration Statement filed under this Agreement to be declared effective under the Securities
Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Deadline, and shall
keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the earlier of (i) the date that all Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement no longer constitute Registrable Securities or (ii) the two year anniversary of the
date of this Agreement (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration
Statement as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on a Trading Day. The Company shall promptly notify the Holders via facsimile or by e-mail of the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission,
which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time on the
Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424.
Failure to so notify the Holders within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus
as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(d).

- 2 - 

(b) Notwithstanding
the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities
cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement,
the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its reasonable best efforts to file amendments to the Initial
Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered
by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering,
subject to the provisions of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form; provided, however,
that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration
of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation
612.09. Notwithstanding the obligations of the Company under this Section 2(b), the provisions of Section 2(d) shall apply with respect
to the payment of the Liquidated Damages.

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities
permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent
efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise
(i) directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, or (ii) directed by the Commission as to the limitations or restrictions
that it would require, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows:

a. First, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included by any Person other than a Holder; 

b. Second, the Company shall reduce or eliminate Registrable Securities contemplated by clause (c) of the definition of Registrable Securities (applied, in the case that only some such Registrable Securities may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of such unregistered Registrable Securities held by such Holders); and 

c. Third, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Conversion Shares (applied, in the case that some Conversion Shares may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Conversion Shares held by such Holders)); and 

d. Fourth, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Warrant Shares (applied, in the case that only some such Registrable Securities may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of such unregistered Registrable Securities held by such Holders. 

In the event of a cutback
hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to
such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, or
determines to file an additional Registration Statement, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Commission,
as promptly as allowed by Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more Registration
Statements on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale
on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended, as a result of any cutback of Registrable Securities of the Holders or any Registrable
Securities not included in the Initial Registration Statement. In any additional Registration Statement filed because of a cutback in
the number of Registrable Securities included in the Initial Registration Statement, all holders of shares of Common Stock included in
such additional Registration Statement shall be subject to any additional cutbacks that may be required by the Commission on a pro
rata basis.

(d) If:
(i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Deadline, or (ii) a Registration Statement registering
for resale all of the Initial Required Registration Amount is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Deadline of
the Initial Registration Statement, or (iii) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases
for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders
are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than Twenty (20) consecutive
calendar days or more than an aggregate of Thirty (30) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month
period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iii),
the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such Five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded,
and for purpose of clause (iv) the date on which such Twenty (20) or Thirty (30) calendar day period, as applicable, is
exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or
under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not
have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial
liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of (1) Two Percent (2%) multiplied by (2) the aggregate purchase
price paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for all Registrable Securities that are then not covered by a Registration
Statement that is then effective and available for use by such Holder (the Liquidated Damages). If the Company fails
to pay any liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven (7) days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest
thereon at a rate of 10% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing
daily from the date such liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The liquidated
damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

- 3 - 

The parties agree that the
maximum aggregate Liquidated Damages payable to a Holder under this Agreement shall be 12% of the aggregate amount paid by such Holder
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with respect to any Registrable Securities. The Liquidated Damages shall accrue pursuant to the terms
hereof on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event. Further, amounts payable as Liquidated Damages
to each Holder hereunder with respect to each share of Registrable Securities shall cease when the Purchaser no longer holds such shares
of Registrable Securities. No Event shall be deemed to occur or continue if such Registration Event is caused by delays which are solely
attributable to (i) the failure of a Holder to timely advise the Company of any information regarding such Holder for inclusion in the
Registration Statement, but any such failure shall apply only to that particular Holder, or (ii) the resolution of comments from the Commission
pertaining to the Holders.

For the purposes of clarity,
it is hereby agreed that Liquidated Damages shall not accrue during, and none shall be due as a result of, any period not to exceed (i)
Twenty (20) consecutive days or (ii) Thirty (30) days in total during any twelve month period (such periods, an Allowed Delay)
during which the Prospectus included in any Registration Statement contemplated by this Registration Rights Agreement is suspended or
otherwise unavailable.

(e) If
Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register
the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on
Form S-3 as soon as such form is available, if at all, during the Effectiveness Period; provided that the Company shall only be
required to maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until the earlier of (A) such time as a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission or (B) the expiration of the Effectiveness
Period.

3. Company
Obligations. In connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a) Not
less than Two (2) Trading Days prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any
document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder
copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference)
will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public
accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct
a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall not be obligated to
provide the Holders advance copies of any universal shelf registration statement registering securities in addition to those required
hereunder, or any Prospectus prepared thereto.

(b) (i)
Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register
for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented
by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto, and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable
period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth
in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

(c) If
during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to the
applicable Filing Deadline, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such
Registrable Securities.

- 4 - 

(d) Notify
the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied
by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible
(i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement has been filed, (B) when
the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect
to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission
or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
information, in each case, after the such Registration Statement has been declared effective, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission
or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering
any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company
of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities
for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event
or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement
made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in
any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of
a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to
the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest
of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus, provided, however, in no event
shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.

(e) Use
its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any
of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f) Furnish
to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested
by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference)
promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission; provided, that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or
successor thereto) need not be furnished. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus
and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities
covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the Company has given notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(g) The
Company shall cooperate with any broker-dealer through which a Holder proposes to resell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing
with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, as requested by any such Holder.

(h) Prior
to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling
Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable
Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder
reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness
Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable
Securities covered by each Registration Statement; provided, that, the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business
in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not
then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i) If
requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable
Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted
by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered
in such names as any such Holder may request.

(j) Upon
the occurrence of any event contemplated by clause (v) or (vi) of Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under
the circumstances taking into account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders
of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration
Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and
file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with
clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such
Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to
ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable.

- 5 - 

(k) Comply
with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission.

(l) The
Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the
shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable
Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Companys request, any liquidated
damages that are accruing at such time shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended
until such information is delivered to the Company.

4. Obligations
of the Holders.

(a) Each
Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex B (a Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date that is not less than Ten (10) days prior to the Filing Deadline or by the end of
the Fourth (4th) Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with Section
3(a). Each Holder shall furnish in writing to the Company such additional information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held
by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, and shall execute such documents in connection
with such registration, as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities. A Holder shall provide
such information to the Company at least two (2) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement
if such Holder elects to have any of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement. The Company shall not be required
to include the Registrable Securities of a Holder in a Registration Statement, and no Event shall be deemed to occur and or continue solely
as a result of the failure to include the Registrable Securities of such Holder in the Registration Statement, if such Holder fails to
furnish to the Company a fully completed Selling Stockholder Questionnaire at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Filing Deadline.

(b) Each
Holder agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of a
Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Holder has notified the Company in writing of its election to exclude all of its Registrable
Securities from such Registration Statement.

(c) Each Holder covenants
and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it (unless an exemption
therefrom is available) in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement.

(d) Each
Holder agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of either (i) the commencement of an Allowed Delay or (ii) the happening
of an event pursuant to Section 3(d)(iii) (vi) hereof, such Holder will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities
pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities, until it is advised in writing (the Advice)
by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will
use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable.

5. Registration
Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by
the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to
in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made
with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed
for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing
(including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions
of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable
Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses of the Company, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the
Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all
other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition,
the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting
duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities
on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of
any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

- 6 - 

6. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the
officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a
result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees of the Company, each
Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act)
and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents, investment advisors and employees of each such controlling Person,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out
of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus
or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to
any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the
case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (ii) any
violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation
thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent,
that (A) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the
Company by such Holder expressly for use therein (it being understood that such information shall only consist of the name of the Holder,
the number of offered shares (excluding percentages), the address and other information with respect to the Holder and the information
included on Annex A hereto, each only to the extent which such information appears in an effective Registration Statement or any Prospectus)
or (B) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an
outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated,
defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 4(d).
The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities
by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 7(e).

(b) Indemnification
by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents
and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20
of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: (i) such Holders
failure to comply with any applicable prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act through no fault of the Company or (ii) any
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or
supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement
or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration
Statement or such Prospectus (it being understood that such information shall only consist of the name of the Holder, the number of offered
shares (excluding percentages), the address and other information with respect to the Holder and the information included on Annex A
hereto, each only to the extent which such information appears in an effective Registration Statement or any Prospectus), such Prospectus
or in any amendment or supplement thereto or (iii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi),
to the extent, but only to the extent, related to the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus
after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by
such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 4(d). In no event shall the liability
of any selling Holder under this Section 6(b) be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder
upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such indemnification obligation, except in the case of fraud or willful misconduct
by such Holder. 

- 7 - 

(c) Conduct
of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder
(an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the
Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including
the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all reasonable fees and expenses incurred
in connection with defense thereof; provided, that, the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying
Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially
and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party. An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding
and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party
or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party
shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified
Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such
Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of
interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if
such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than
one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement
of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified
Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding. Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the
extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section)
shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within Thirty (30) calendar days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying
Party; provided, that, the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses
applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination
is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d) Contribution.
If the indemnification under Section 6(a) or 6(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party
harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions,
statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such
Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including
any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by,
or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge,
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party
as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys
or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified
for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms.
The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 6(d) were determined by
pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the
immediately preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6(d), no Holder shall be required to contribute pursuant
to this Section 6(d), in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such Holder
from the sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise
been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

(e) The indemnity and
contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified
Parties.

7. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies.
In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the
Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery
of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that
monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions
of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall
not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b) Prohibition
on Filing Other Registration Statements. The Company shall not, other than as provided in the Purchase Agreement, file any other registration
statements until all Registrable Securities are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission,
provided that this Section 7(b) shall not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements filed prior to the date
of this Agreement and shall not prohibit the Company from filing a registration statement on Form S-3 or other available form for a primary
offering by the Company, provided that the Company makes no offering of securities pursuant to such registration statement prior to the
effective date of the Registration Statement required hereunder that includes all of the Registrable Securities.

(c) Amendments
and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented,
and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Company and the Holders of 51% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this includes any
Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security). If a Registration Statement does not register all of the
Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable
Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate
which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent
to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that
does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable
Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended,
modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 7(c). No consideration shall
be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration
also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

- 8 - 

(d) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth
in the Purchase Agreement.

(e) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the
parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective
rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Prior
Registration Rights. Each Holder of Registrable Securities hereby acknowledges that the Company has previously entered into agreements
granting registration rights with respect to currently outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock and other common stock purchase
warrants, which have not yet been satisfied and that the holders of such other securities may elect to include such shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion or exercise of such securities in the Registration Statement(s) required to be filed hereunder. However, if,
in the opinion of counsel for the Holder, the inclusion of such shares by other holders of the Company could reasonably be prohibited
by the Commission pursuant to Rule 415 and/or related SEC Guidance, the Company will, upon the reasonable request by the Holder, request
such holder to refrain from including such persons registrable securities in the Registration Statement(s) filed pursuant to this
Agreement.

(g) Execution
and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

(h) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(i) Cumulative
Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(j) Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their reasonable best efforts to
find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(k) Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof.

- 9 - 

(o) Independent
Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder
hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder
pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind
of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders
are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions.
Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement,
and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of
a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or
decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by
any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder,
solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

- 10 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

By: /s/ Stephan Jackman

Name: Stephan Jackman

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

- 11 - 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS]

Name of Holder: Orchid Holdings, LLC

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder:
/s/ Rosemary Nguyen

Name of Authorized Signatory: Rosemary Nguyen

Title of Authorized Signatory: Managing Member

- 12 - 

Annex A

Plan of Distribution

Each Selling Stockholder (the
Selling Stockholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from
time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal Trading Market or any other stock exchange, market or
trading facility on which the securities are traded or quoted or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices.
A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; 

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; 

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resales by the broker-dealer for its account; 

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; 

privately negotiated transactions; 

settlement of short sales; 

in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security; 

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; 

a combination of any such methods of sale; or 

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 

The Selling Stockholders may
also sell securities under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any other
exemption from registration, if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Broker-dealers engaged by
the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other broker-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts
from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts
to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a
customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction, a markup or markdown in
compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

In connection with the sale
of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial
institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling
Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities
to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with
broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer
or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution
may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The Selling Stockholders and
any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning
of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any
profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities
Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly
or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

The Company is required to
pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify
the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

Because Selling Stockholders
may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act, they will be subject to the prospectus delivery
requirements of the Securities Act including Rule 172 thereunder. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders
and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to the Purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including
by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). In addition, any securities covered by this prospectus which qualify for sale pursuant
to Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be sold under Rule 144 rather than under this prospectus. The Selling Stockholders have advised
us that there is no underwriter or coordinating broker acting in connection with the proposed sale of the resale securities by the Selling
Stockholders.

We agreed to keep this prospectus
effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration
and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in
compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all
of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect.
The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities
laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified
for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with.

Under applicable rules and
regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market
making activities with respect to the Companys common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior
to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the Companys
common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person.

Annex B 

ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial
owner of Common Stock (the Registrable Securities) of Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this document is annexed. A copy of the
Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain legal consequences
arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial
owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or
not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial
owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned
by it in the Registration Statement. The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants
that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE 

1. Name. 

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

Address: 

Telephone: 

Email: 

Fax: 

Contact Person: 

3. Broker-Dealer Status: 

(a) Are you a broker-dealer? 

Yes 
No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company? 

Yes 
No 

Note: If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer? 

Yes 
No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities? 

Yes 
No 

Note: If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

4. 

Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company
Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Please state the number of securities of the Company
beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived.

(a) Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned:

(b) Number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned to be registered pursuant to the Registration Statement (if not the same as 4(a) above):

Beneficial ownership
of a security means a persons ability, directly or indirectly through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or
otherwise, to exercise alone or together with others:

voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security; or 

investment power, which includes the power to dispose, or to direct the disposition, of a security. 

This term also includes having
the right to acquire beneficial ownership of a security within 60 days, including any right to acquire the security through the exercise
of any option, warrant or right, through the conversion of a security, pursuant to the power to revoke a trust, discretionary account
or similar arrangement or pursuant to the automatic termination of a trust, discretionary account or similar arrangement.

The above definition of beneficial
ownership is very broad and may include, for example, securities held in the name of another person, such as any relative living in your
home, custodians, brokers, or pledgees for your account, or any partnership, trust estate or closely-held corporation in which you have
an interest or are an officer or director. You are also the beneficial owner of securities if you, directly or indirectly, create or use
a trust, proxy, power of attorney, pooling arrangement or any other contract, arrangement or device with the purpose or effect of divesting
yourself of beneficial ownership of such securities or preventing the vesting of such beneficial ownership.

5. Voting and Investment Power (to be completed
only if the Selling Stockholder is not a natural person): 

(a) Please name each person or persons who have voting or investment power over the Common Stock beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder. As described in Question 4 above, please note that for purposes of answering this Question 5: 

(1) Voting power includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, such security; and 

(2) Investment power includes the power to dispose, or to direct the disposition, of such security. 

(b) For each person named above in this Question 5, please state the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder in which that person has sole voting power, shared voting power, sole investment power and/or shared investment power.

Beneficial
Ownership Number of Shares

Total number of shares as to which the person has sole voting power 

Total number of shares as to which the person has shared voting power 

Total number of shares as to which the person has sole investment power 

Total number of shares as to which the person has shared investment power 

If necessary, use the blank page attached hereto as Exhibit B.

(c) Do you have any reason to believe that the ownership of the Common Stock of the registered holder identified in response to Question 1 above should be aggregated with the ownership of any other registered holder of the Common Stock, for purposes of describing the beneficial ownership of those shares of Common Stock in the Registration Statement? Ownership could be aggregated where there is a relationship that, as a factual matter, confers on a person a significant ability to affect how voting power or investment power over the shares will be exercised.

Yes No

If yes, please explain below:

5. Relationships with the Company: 

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years. 

State any exceptions here:

Affiliate means a person
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, a specified
person.

Control means the possession,
direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

The undersigned agrees to
promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof
at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective.

By signing below, the undersigned
consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by
its duly authorized agent.

Date: Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name:

Title:

PLEASE FAX A COPY (OR EMAIL A .PDF COPY) OF
THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE, AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL BY OVERNIGHT MAIL, TO: 

Henry Nisser, Esq.

Executive Vice President and General Counsel

Henry@Alzamend.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>alzn-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>alzn-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>alzn-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40483

Entity Registrant Name ALZAMEND NEURO, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001677077

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-1822909

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3480 Peachtree Road NE

Entity Address, Address Line Two Second Floor

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite
103

Entity Address, City or Town Atlanta

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30326

City Area Code (844)

Local Phone Number 722-6333

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol ALZN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ALZN/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

alzn-20250228.xsd 
alzn-20250228_lab.xml 
alzn-20250228_pre.xml 
z2272508k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001214659-25-003658-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>z2272508k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001677077 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001677077 
false 
false 
false 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
ALZAMEND NEURO, INC. 
DE 
001-40483 
81-1822909 
3480 Peachtree Road NE 
Second Floor 
Suite 103 
Atlanta 
GA 
30326 
(844) 
722-6333 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value 
ALZN 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>