<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-024774.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-024774.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318082711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-024774
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001894176
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981634072
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42369
		FILM NUMBER:		25746561

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET STE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4844593476

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 ARCH STREET STE 1703
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FTAC Artemis Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211116
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234554-8k425_cohen1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000189417600018941762025-03-182025-03-180001894176CCIRU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember2025-03-182025-03-180001894176CCIRU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-182025-03-180001894176CCIRU:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-182025-03-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 18, 2025

Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42369 98-1634072

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2929 Arch Street 

Suite #1703 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(215) 701-9555

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencements communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which
registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant CCIRU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share CCIR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share CCIRW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

The Business Combination Agreement 

On March 18, 2025, Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I
(SPAC or the Company) entered into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination
Agreement) by and among (1) the Company, (2) VEON Amsterdam B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce
(Kamer van Koophandel) under number 34378904 (the Seller), (3) VEON Holdings B.V., a private company with
limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and registered with the
Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 34345993 (VEON Holdings, and together with all of
its direct and indirect Ukrainian Subsidiaries, the Group Companies), (4) Kyivstar Group Ltd., an exempted company
with limited liability, incorporated and existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 202504557, with its registered
office at Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM10, Bermuda, and its principal business address at Index Tower (East
Tower), Unit 1703, DIFC (Dubai International Financial Center), United Arab Emirates (PubCo), and (5) Varna Merger
Sub Corp., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands with registration number 419635 (Merger Sub, and, together with VEON Holdings and PubCo, the Kyivstar Group and separately, a
Kyivstar Group Company). Each Kyivstar Group Company, the Seller and SPAC are individually referred to herein as a
Party and, collectively, as the Parties. The Business Combination Agreement has been approved by the
boards of directors of each of SPAC, VEON Ltd. (VEON), the Seller, VEON Holdings, the sole directors of PubCo and Merger Sub,
VEON Ltd., as the sole shareholder of the Seller, the Seller, as the sole shareholder of VEON Holdings and PubCo, and PubCo, as
the sole shareholder of Merger Sub.

The terms of the Business Combination Agreement, which contains customary
representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions, and other terms relating to the transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement, are summarized below. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Current Report on Form 8-K will
have the meanings assigned to them in the Business Combination Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated by
reference herein.

The Sale and Merger 

If the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement are consummated, (i) pursuant to the Transfer Deed (as defined below), at the Sale Effective Time, the Seller will sell to
PubCo all of the issued and outstanding equity of VEON Holdings in exchange for newly issued common shares of PubCo, par value
$0.001 per share (the PubCo Common Shares) and the Seller Loan Note (as defined below), and, as a result of the Sale,
VEON Holdings will become a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (collectively, the Sale) and (ii) at the Merger
Effective Time, Merger Sub will be merged with and into SPAC upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement, the Plan of Merger and in accordance with the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the
Companies Act) (the Merger and together with the Sale and the other transactions contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination). As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub will cease and SPAC will continue as the surviving company of the Merger under the Companies Act (SPAC, in its
capacity as the surviving company of the Merger, is the Surviving Company). Following the Merger, the shares of the
Surviving Company will be directly and solely held by PubCo, and the Surviving Company will become a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of PubCo.

Seller Sale Consideration

At the Sale Effective Time, by virtue of the Sale and the execution
of a Transfer Deed by and between the Seller and PubCo (the Transfer Deed), the Seller will sell to PubCo all of the issued
and outstanding equity of VEON Holdings in exchange for (i) newly issued PubCo Common Shares, which shall equal the Seller Share Consideration
Number (which is defined as the number of the PubCo Common Shares equal to (a) the amount of Closing Equity Value less the Seller Loan
Note Consideration Amount, divided by (b) $10.35); provided that the resulting number shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number
and (ii) the Seller Loan Note in the amount equal to the Seller Loan Note Consideration Amount (which is defined as the dollar amount
equal to the Cash Investment Amount, which in turn is defined as the sum of (a) the PIPE Investments, plus (b) the aggregate amount
of cash contained in the Trust Account immediately prior to the Closing (prior to giving effect to the SPAC Shareholder Redemption),
less (c) the Aggregate SPAC Shareholder Redemption Payments Amount).

1

SPAC Shareholders Merger Consideration 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, at the Merger Effective
Time, (A) each SPAC Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, comprised of one of the Companys
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Company Class A Share) and one-third of one SPAC Public Warrant,
shall be automatically detached and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one Company Class A Share and one-third of one SPAC Public
Warrant (the Unit Separation); (B) (i) 2,155,000 SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered
by the Sponsor to SPAC and such shares shall be automatically cancelled without any conversion thereof or payment or other consideration
therefor (the Forfeited Sponsor Shares); and (ii) each SPAC Ordinary Share, that is issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Merger Effective Time, owned by SPAC as a treasury share immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, shall automatically
be cancelled without any conversion thereof or payment or other consideration therefor (the Cancelled Treasury Shares);
(C)(i) each eligible outstanding share of the Companys Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Company
Class B Share), (excluding the Forfeited Sponsor Shares and the Cancelled Treasury Shares), shall automatically convert into a
Company Class A Share and (ii) each Company Class A Share (including the Company Class A Ordinary Shares held as a result of the Unit
Separation described above and the Company Class A Shares converted as a result of clause (C)(i) above) shall convert into the right
to receive one PubCo common share, par value $0.001 per share (each, a PubCo Common Share); and (D) each SPAC Public Warrant
outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, whether or not vested, including the SPAC Public Warrants
held as a result of the Unit Separation described in clause (A) above, shall convert into a PubCo Public Warrant to purchase PubCo Common
Shares, and each SPAC Placement Warrant will be cancelled for no consideration.

Merger Sub Consideration

Each Merger Sub Ordinary Share, that is issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Merger Effective Time, shall be automatically cancelled in exchange for one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
Surviving Company Ordinary Share. The Surviving Company Ordinary Shares shall have the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares
so converted and shall constitute the only issued and outstanding share capital of the Surviving Company.

Representations, Warranties and Covenants 

The Parties to the Business Combination Agreement have made
customary representations and warranties (which representations and warranties are being made as of the date of the Business
Combination Agreement and as of the Closing Date), including with respect to, among other things: corporate matters; authority and
binding effect relative to execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement and the Transaction Documents; no conflict;
governmental approvals and financial statements, and covenants in the Business Combination Agreement, including, among others,
covenants with respect to the operation of the respective businesses of SPAC, the Seller, PubCo, Merger Sub, and the Group Companies
prior to Closing of the Merger and the Group Companies covenant to deliver to SPAC the PCAOB Audited Financials and use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of independent auditors to use such statements in the Registration Statement /
Proxy Statement (as defined below) and for VEON Holdings and the Seller to repay certain bonds prior to the Closing Date. The
Business Combination Agreement also contains additional covenants of the Parties providing for SPAC, the Seller, VEON Holdings,
PubCo, and Merger Sub to cooperate in the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement.

2

Governance of PubCo 

SPAC and PubCo have agreed to take all necessary actions
consistent with applicable laws to cause the board of directors of PubCo as of immediately following the Closing to consist of up
to seven directors. SPAC will have the right to nominate one director, and VEON will have the right to nominate up to six
directors. Any subsequent PubCo Board will be composed in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions the Amended and
Restated PubCo Governing Documents.

Conditions to Closing 

The Closing is subject to certain customary conditions,
including, among other things: (i) approval by SPACs shareholders of the Business Combination Agreement, the Merger, and
certain other actions related thereto; (ii) the receipt of all Agreed Regulatory Approvals (if any); (ii) completion of the
Demerger; (iii) the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement having become effective in accordance with the provisions of the
Securities Act and not subject to any stop order or proceeding (or threatened proceeding) by the SEC; (iv) the absence of certain
Laws, Orders (including any Sanctions Event) or Proceedings that seek to prohibit, enjoin, restrict, invalidate, or make illegal
consummation or performance of the Transactions; (v) the SPAC Cash equaling or exceeding $50,000,000; (vi) the completion of the New
Bonds Repayment and the 2027 Bonds Transfer; (vii) the PubCo Common Shares to be issued in connection with the Business Combination
Agreement having been approved for listing upon the Closing on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) subject to
official notice of issuance thereof; and (viii) the absence of any SPAC Material Adverse Effect and Group Material Adverse Effect;
(ix) representations of certain Parties being true and correct to specified standards; (x) certain obligations undertaken by certain
Parties being complied with in all material respects; (xi) the number of PubCo Common Shares to be issued to the Seller in
consideration for the Sale is not less than 80% of the Fully Diluted Share Count; and (xii) delivery by certain Parties of certain
Transaction Documents.

The Closing will occur no later than three Business Days following
the satisfaction or waiver of all of the closing conditions, or at such other time date and place as SPAC and Seller may mutually agree
in writing (such date, the Closing Date), provided that such day is not a Friday.

Termination 

The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated prior to the
consummation of the Merger under certain circumstances including, among others, (i) by mutual written agreement of SPAC and VEON
Holdings, (ii) by either SPAC or the Seller if the Closing has not occurred by September 30, 2025 (which may be extended by the
Parties in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement including if the F-4 has not yet been declared effective by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Outside Date), (iii) by either SPAC or the Seller if SPAC
has not obtained the SPAC Shareholder Approval, (iv) by either SPAC or the Seller if a Governmental Entity shall have issued an
Order, promulgated or enforced a Law or taken any other action, other than imposing any Sanctions, in any case having the effect of
permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting any of the Transactions, including the Merger, which Order, Law or other
action is final and nonappealable, subject to a 60-day cooling off period, (v) by SPAC, if the Kyivstar Group fails to deliver the
PCAOB Audited Financials for the year ended December 31, 2024, on or before June 30, 2025, (vi) by SPAC, if a Sanctions Event occurs
in respect of the Seller or a Group Company and either such Sanctions Event is not resolved by the Outside Date or SPAC determines
in good faith on the advice of outside legal counsel that the failure to terminate prior to the Outside Date would or would
reasonably be expected to result in any of SPAC, the Sponsor or their respective directors or officers being subject to
any monetary or criminal liability applicable Law in connection with such
Sanctions Event, (vii) by the Seller, if a Sanctions Event occurs in respect of SPAC and either such Sanctions Event is not resolved
by the Outside Date or the Seller determines in good faith on the advice of outside legal counsel that the failure to terminate prior
to the Outside Date would or would reasonably be expected to result in any of the Seller or a Group Company or their respective directors
or officers being subject to any monetary or criminal liability under applicable Law in connection with such Sanctions Event,
(viii) by the Seller, if the board of directors of SPAC shall have publicly withdrawn, modified or changed, in any
manner that is adverse to the other Parties, its approval or SPAC Recommendation, or (ix) by the Seller or SPAC in case of
certain material breaches of representations, warranties or covenants by the other Party resulting in a closing condition not being
satisfied (with 30 days cure right).

3

The foregoing description of the Business Combination Agreement and
the Merger do not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The Business Combination Agreement contains
representations, warranties and covenants that the parties to the Business Combination Agreement made to each other as of the date of
the Business Combination Agreement, the Closing Date and other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties
and covenants were made for purposes of the contract among the parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed
to by the parties in connection with negotiating the Business Combination Agreement. In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements contained in the Business Combination Agreement, which were made only for purposes of the Business Combination Agreement
and as of specific dates, were and will be solely for the benefit of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, may be subject
to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of
allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Business Combination Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts)
and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors and
reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements, or any
descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any party to the Business Combination Agreement.
In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the Business Combination Agreement may be subject
to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties and other
terms may change after the date of the Business Combination Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected
in the Companys public disclosures.

Registration Statement / Proxy Statement 

As promptly as practicable after the execution and delivery of the
Business Combination Agreement, PubCo will prepare and file, and SPAC and VEON Holdings will assist and cooperate with the filing of,
a registration statement on Form F-4 with the SEC (such registration (including the Proxy Statement) as amended or supplemented, the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement), which will include a proxy statement to be sent to SPAC Shareholders in advance of the Special Meeting
for the purposes of (i) registering under the Securities Act, to the extent permitted by applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC, the PubCo Common Shares to be issued in connection with the Merger and the Sale (including any PubCo Common Shares to be issued upon
exercise of the SPAC Public Warrants assumed by PubCo), (ii) providing SPAC Shareholders with notice of the opportunity to redeem
their shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares in accordance with Article 49.5 of the SPAC Governing Documents, and (iii) soliciting
proxies from holders of shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares to vote at the Special Meeting in favor of the adoption of the Business
Combination Agreement and approval of the Transactions, the authorization of the Plan of Merger, the approval of the Merger, other proposals
the Parties deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Transactions and the adoption and approval of a proposal for the postponement
or adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary, to permit further solicitation of proxies because there are not sufficient votes
to approve and adopt any of the foregoing, all in accordance with and as required by the SPAC Governing Documents, applicable Laws, and
any applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. The Registration Statement / Proxy Statement will also include a prospectus
relating to, among other things, the PubCo Common Shares to be issued to SPACs shareholders who do not exercise their redemption
rights in connection with the Merger and the PubCo Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the SPAC Public Warrants to be assumed by PubCo
in connection with the Business Combination Agreement.

Stock Exchange Listing 

Through the Closing, SPAC will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure
SPAC remains listed as a public company on, and for SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares to be listed on, Nasdaq. Prior to the Closing Date, PubCo
shall apply for (and VEON Holdings and SPAC shall reasonably cooperate with PubCo with respect thereto), and each shall use reasonable
best efforts to, cause the Registration Shares issued in connection with the Transactions to be approved for listing on Nasdaq and accepted
for clearance by the Depository Trust Company, subject to official notice of issuance, at Closing.

4

Certain Related Agreements 

SPAC Support Agreement 

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement,
SPAC, Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC (CCS I), Cohen Circle Advisors I, LLC (CCA I, and together with CCS I, the
Sponsors), Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (Cantor and together with the Sponsors, collectively, the Voting
Parties and individually each, a Voting Party) and Pubco have entered into a SPAC support agreement (the SPAC
Support Agreement). Pursuant to the SPAC Support Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the Voting
Parties have agreed, among other things, to (i) not redeem any Voting Shares (as defined therein) in connection with the vote to approve
the SPAC Shareholder Matters; (ii) vote in favor of the Merger and the Business Combination Agreement and the other Transactions and against
any alternative transaction; (iii) during the term of the SPAC Support Agreement, not to transfer any of such partys Voting Shares
except as permitted thereby; (iv) waive appraisal and dissenters rights with respect to the Merger; and (v) contingent upon
the Closing, waive certain anti-dilution provisions contained in the SPAC Governing Documents in connection with the Merger. The SPAC
Support Agreement will terminate in its entirety, and be of no further force or effect, upon the earliest to occur of (i) the Merger Effective
Time and (ii) the date on which the Business Combination Agreement is terminated for any reason in accordance with its terms.

The foregoing description of the SPAC Support Agreement is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the SPAC Support Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference.

Sponsor Agreement 

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination
Agreement, SPAC, the Sponsors, Cantor, PubCo and the Seller have entered into a sponsor agreement (the Sponsor
Agreement), pursuant to which on the Closing Date, effective immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time and conditioned
upon the Closing, (i) the Sponsors have agreed to irrevocably surrender for cancellation and forfeit to SPAC the Forfeited Sponsor
Shares (as defined in the Sponsor Agreement) and (ii) CCS I and Cantor have agreed to irrevocably surrender for cancellation and
forfeit to SPAC each of their respective Forfeited Sponsor Warrants (as defined in the Sponsor Agreement). The Sponsor Agreement also provides for (i) certain
restrictions on the transfer of certain PubCo Common Shares to be issued to the Sponsors at Closing (the Sponsor Lock-up
Securities), subject to certain permitted transfers as set forth therein and (ii) certain vesting conditions on certain PubCo
Common Shares to be issued to the Sponsors at Closing (the Vesting Securities), in each case as further described
below and on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Agreement.

Pursuant to the Sponsor Agreement, effective at the Merger Effective
Time, the Sponsors shall not Transfer (as defined in the Sponsor Agreement) any of the Sponsor Lock-up Securities until the earlier of:
(i) the date that is 180 days following the Closing Date; (ii) the first date on which the Securities Price (as defined in the Sponsor
Agreement) meets or exceeds $13.50 for 20 Trading Days (as defined in the Sponsor Agreement) out of any consecutive 30 Trading Days (but
no earlier than the date that is 90 days after the Closing Date); and (iii) immediately prior to (but conditioned upon) the occurrence
of a Liquidation Event (as defined in the Sponsor Agreement), in each case except to a Permitted Transferee (as defined in the Sponsor
Agreement) as expressly permitted by the Sponsor Agreement.

Pursuant to the Sponsor Agreement, from and after the Closing, the
Vesting Securities shall be unvested and are subject to vesting and forfeiture as follows: (i) the First Vesting Tranche Securities (as
defined in the Sponsor Agreement) shall immediately vest and no longer be subject to forfeiture on the first date that the Securities
Price meets or exceeds $15.00 for 20 Trading Days out of any consecutive 30 Trading Days, if such date occurs before the second anniversary
of the Closing Date; and (ii) the Second Vesting Tranche Securities (as defined in the Sponsor Agreement) shall immediately vest and no
longer be subject to forfeiture on the first date that the Securities Price meets or exceeds $20.00 for 20 Trading Days out of any consecutive
30 Trading Days, if such date occurs before the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date. If the First Vesting Tranche Securities and/or
the Second Vesting Tranche Securities become subject to forfeiture, such securities shall be surrendered with no consideration.

The foregoing description of the Sponsor Agreement is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sponsor Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference.

Seller Lock-up Agreement 

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement,
the Seller, the Sponsors, and PubCo have entered into a lock-up agreement (the Seller Lock-up Agreement), which, among other
things, provides for certain restrictions on the transfer of certain PubCo Common Shares by the Seller (the Seller Lock-up Securities)
following the Closing, as further described below and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Seller Lock-up Agreement.

Pursuant to the Seller Lock-up Agreement, effective at the Merger Effective
Time, the Seller shall not Transfer (as defined in the Seller lock-up Agreement) any of the Seller Lock-up Securities until the earlier
of: (i) the date that is 180 days following the Closing Date; (ii) the first date on which the Securities Price (as defined in the Seller
Lock-up Agreement) meets or exceeds $13.50 for 20 Trading Days (as defined in the Seller Lock-up Agreement) out of any consecutive 30
Trading Days (but no earlier than the date that is 90 days after the Closing Date); and (iii) immediately prior to (but conditioned upon)
the occurrence of a Liquidation Event (as defined in the Seller Lock-up Agreement), in each case except to a Permitted Transferee (as
defined in the Seller Lock-up Agreement) as expressly permitted by the Seller Lock-up Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Seller Lock-Up Agreement is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Seller Lock-up Agreement, a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference.

5

Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On March 18, 2025, SPAC and PubCo issued a joint press release announcing
the execution of the Business Combination Agreement. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein
by reference.

Furnished as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and incorporated into this Item 7.01
by reference is the investor presentation that SPAC and Pubco have prepared for use in connection with the Business Combination.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2,
are furnished and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language
in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information
in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2.

Important Information About the Business Combination and Where to
Find It 

In connection with the Business Combination, PubCo intends to file
with the SEC a registration statement on Form F-4, which will include a preliminary prospectus/proxy statement and other relevant documents,
which will be distributed to the Companys shareholders in connection with the Companys solicitation of proxies for the vote
by the Companys shareholders with respect to the Business Combination and other matters as may be described in the registration
statement, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer and sale of the securities of PubCo to be issued in connection with the Business
Combination.

THIS CURRENT REPORT ON FORM 8-K IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT, THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT THAT THE COMPANY WILL SEND TO ITS SHAREHOLDERS IN CONNECTION
WITH THE BUSINESS COMBINATION.

INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO READ, WHEN
AVAILABLE, THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND
IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE BUSINESS COMBINATION
AND THE PARTIES TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain copies of these documents (if and
when available) and other documents filed with the SEC free of charge at www.sec.gov. The definitive proxy statement/final
prospectus (when available) will be mailed to the Companys shareholders as of a record date to be established for voting on
the Business Combination. The Companys shareholders will also be able to obtain copies of the proxy statement/prospectus
without charge, once available, at the SECs website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to: Cohen Circle Acquisition
Corp. I, 2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104.

Participants in the Solicitation

The Company, the Kyivstar Group, the Seller, and VEON, and their respective
directors, executive officers, other members of management, and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed participants in the solicitation
of proxies of the Companys shareholders in connection with the Business Combination. Investors and security holders may obtain
more detailed information regarding the names and interests in the Business Combination of the directors and officers of the Company,
the Kyivstar Group and VEON in the registration statement on Form F-4 to be filed with the SEC by PubCo, which will include the proxy
statement of the Company for the Business Combination. Information about the Companys directors and executive officers is also
available in the Companys filings with the SEC.

6

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements made herein are not historical facts but may be
considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange
Act and the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
generally are accompanied by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue,
anticipate, intend, expect, should, would, plan, predict,
potential, seem, seek, future, outlook or the negatives of these
terms or variations of them or similar terminology or expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements
of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future events, the Business
Combination among the Company, PubCo and Kyivstar, the estimated or anticipated future results and benefits of the combined company following
the Business Combination, including the likelihood and ability of the parties to successfully consummate the Business Combination, future
opportunities for the combined company.

These statements are predictions, projections and other statements
about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties.
All statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking
statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to, among other things, the Business Combination, the expected timing
of closing of the Business Combination, the expected impact of the Business Combination, including PubCo being the first U.S.-listed
pure play Ukrainian investment opportunity, potential investor interest and the percentage of VEONs ownership interest in the
equity of PubCo following the closing of the Business Combination. These statements are based VEON, the Company and Kyivstar on managements
current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
important factors that may cause Kyivstars, PubCos, VEONs or the Companys actual results, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including, but not limited to, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances
that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination (including as a result of a termination of the Business Combination
Agreement and/or any related agreements between the relevant parties); the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against
the Company, Kyivstar or VEON, any of its subsidiaries or others following the announcement of the Business Combination; the inability
to complete the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain the necessary shareholder approvals or to satisfy other conditions
to closing; changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination or the business combination contemplated thereunder that may
be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations; the decision by the SEC to deem effective the Registration
Statement; the ability to meet the Nasdaq listing standards upon closing of the Business Combination and admission of PubCo for trading
on the Nasdaq; the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of VEON as a result of the announcement and
consummation of the Business Combination; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be
affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of PubCo to grow, retain its management and key employees; costs related to
the Business Combination; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the escalation or de-escalation of war between Russia and Ukraine
and other risks and uncertainties expected to be set forth in the Registration Statement to be filed by PubCo with the SEC. Forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which VEON, Kyivstar and the Company cannot predict with accuracy
and some of which neither VEON, the Company nor Kyivstar might even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this Current
Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date of this filing. VEON and Kyivstar do not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking
statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required
by U.S. federal securities laws.

No assurances can be made that the parties will successfully close the Business Combination, or close
the Business Combination on the timeframe currently contemplated. The Business Combination is subject to the approval of the Companys
shareholders, the filing of the Registration Statement with and subsequent approval by the SEC, as well as other regulatory approvals
and customary conditions to closing.

No Offer or Solicitation 

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute a solicitation
of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities in respect of the Business Combination. This Current Report on Form
8-K is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase, nor a solicitation of an offer to sell, subscribe for or buy
any securities in any jurisdiction, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention
of applicable law. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the
Securities Act.

7

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, by and among Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I, Kyivstar Group Ltd., VEON Amsterdam B.V., VEON Holdings B.V., and Varna Merger Sub Corp.

10.1 SPAC
Support Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, by and among Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I, Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC, Cohen Circle Advisors I, LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co., and Kyivstar Group Ltd.

10.2 Sponsor
Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, by and among Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I, Kyivstar Group Ltd., Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC, Cohen Circle Advisors I, LLC, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., and VEON Amsterdam B.V.

10.3 Seller Lock-up Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025, by and among Kyivstar Group Ltd., Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC, Cohen Circle Advisors I, LLC, and VEON
Amsterdam B.V.

99.1** Press Release, dated March 18, 2025.

99.2** Investor Presentation, dated March 18, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within
the Inline XBRL document).

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5)
of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and
Exchange Commission upon its request.

** Furnished herewith.

8

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I

Date: March 18, 2025 By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023455401ex2-1_cohen1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 18, 2025, BY AND AMONG COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I, KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD., VEON AMSTERDAM B.V., VEON HOLDINGS B.V., AND VARNA MERGER SUB CORP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

EXECUTION VERSION

BUSINESS COMBINATION
AGREEMENT

by and among

VEON Amsterdam B.V.,

VEON
Holdings B.V.,

KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD.

Varna
Merger Sub Corp.,

and

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I

dated as of March 18, 2025 

Article I

DEFINITIONS

1.1. Defined Terms 4

Article II

The Sale AND THE MERGER

2.1. Sale 23

2.2. Merger 23

2.3. Closing; Effective Times 23

2.4. Effect of Merger 24

2.5. Governing Documents 24

2.6. Directors and Officers 24

Article III

CLOSING TRANSACTIONS

3.1. Sale 24

3.2. Merger 25

3.3. Exchange Procedures 26

3.4. Issuance of the Seller Consideration and the SPAC Shareholder Consideration 27

3.5. SPAC Financing Certificate 27

3.6. Seller Financing Certificate 28

3.7. Withholding Taxes 28

3.8. Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action 28

Article IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF the Seller, THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO, and MERGER SUB

4.1. Organization, Good Standing and Qualification 29

4.2. New PubCo and Merger Sub 29

4.3. Capitalization 30

4.4. Authority; Approval 31

4.5. Governmental Filings; No Violations. 31

4.6. Financial Statements. 31

4.7. Absence of Certain Changes or Events 32

4.8. Data Privacy and Security 32

4.9. Real Property; Title to Property 33

4.10. Assets 34

4.11. Employees. 34

4.12. Compliance and Governmental Authorizations. 36

4.13. Sanctions; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Export Control Laws 36

4.14. Environmental Matters 37

4.15. Litigation. 37

4.16. Taxes 38

4.17. Unique Suppliers 38

4.18. Material Suppliers 39

4.19. Insurance 39

4.20. Group Company Material Contracts. 39

4.21. Brokers and Finders 40

4.22. Affiliate Agreements 41

4.23. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 41

i

Article V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SPAC

5.1. Organization, Good Standing and Qualification 42

5.2. Capitalization 42

5.3. Authority; Approval 43

5.4. Governmental Filings; No Violations 43

5.5. Compliance; Approvals 44

5.6. SPAC SEC Reports and Financial Statements 44

5.7. Absence of Certain Changes or Events 45

5.8. Litigation 46

5.9. Business Activities 46

5.10. SPAC Material Contracts 46

5.11. Title to Property 47

5.12. SPAC Listing 47

5.13. Trust Account 47

5.14. Taxes 48

5.15. Employees; Benefit Plans 49

5.16. Board Approval; Shareholder Vote 49

5.17. Affiliate Transactions 49

5.18. Brokers 49

5.19. The SPACs Investigation and Reliance 50

5.20. Disclaimer of Other Warranties 50

Article VI

CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE CLOSING DATE

6.1. Conduct of Business by the Seller, the Group Companies, New PubCo, and Merger Sub 51

6.2. Conduct of Business by the SPAC 54

6.3. Requests for Consent 56

Article VII

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

7.1. Registration Statement / Proxy Statement; Special Meeting; SPAC Shareholder Approval 56

7.2. Certain Regulatory Matters 59

7.3. Other Filings; Press Release 60

7.4. Confidentiality; Communications Plan; Access to Information 61

7.5. Commercially Reasonable Efforts 62

7.6. Information Supplied 63

7.7. No Securities Transactions 63

7.8. No Claim Against Trust Account 64

7.9. Disclosure of Certain Matters 64

7.10. Securities Listings 64

7.11. No Solicitation 64

7.12. Trust Account 65

7.13. Director and Officer Matters 65

ii

7.14. Tax Matters 67

7.15. New PubCo Board 68

7.16. New PubCo Equity Plan 68

7.17. Financial Statements; Other Financial Information 69

7.18. Transaction Litigation 69

7.19. PIPE Investment 69

7.20. Old Bonds Repayment 70

7.21. New Bonds 70

7.22. Closing Documents 71

7.23. Sanctions Event 71

7.24. Financial Advisors 71

7.25. Demerger 71

Article VIII

CONDITIONS TO THE TRANSACTION

8.1. Conditions to Each Partys Obligations 71

8.2. Additional Conditions to the Obligations of the Seller and the Company Parties 73

8.3. Additional Conditions to the Obligations of the SPAC 73

8.4. Frustration of Conditions 74

Article IX

TERMINATION

9.1. Termination 74

9.2. Outside Date 76

9.3. Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination 76

ARTICLE X 

NO SURVIVAL 

10.1. No Survival 76

Article XI 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

11.1. Notices 77

11.2. Interpretation 77

11.3. Counterparts; Electronic Delivery 78

11.4. Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries 78

11.5. Severability 78

11.6. Other Remedies; Specific Performance 78

11.7. Governing Law 79

11.8. Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 79

11.9. Rules of Construction 80

11.10. Expenses 80

11.11. Assignment 80

11.12. Amendment 80

11.13. Extension; Waiver 81

11.14. Non-Recourse 81

11.15. Company Legal Representation 81

11.16. Disclosure Schedules 81

iii

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

Schedule I Adjusted Cash 

Schedule II Seller Share Consideration Number Actions 

Schedule III Notices 

Exhibit A Form of Seller Loan Note 

Exhibit B Pro Forma Capitalization Table 

iv

BUSINESS COMBINATION
AGREEMENT

This BUSINESS COMBINATION
AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of March 18, 2025 (this Agreement), by and among (1) VEON AMSTERDAM B.V., a
private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and
registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 34378904 (the Seller), (2)
VEON HOLDINGS B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated
under Dutch law and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 34345993 (the Company),
(3) KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD., an exempted company with limited liability, incorporated and existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration
number 202504557, with its registered office at Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM10, Bermuda, and its principal business
address at Index Tower (East Tower), Unit 1703, DIFC (Dubai International Financial Center), United Arab Emirates (New PubCo),
(4) Varna Merger Sub Corp., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in
the Cayman Islands with registration number 419635 (the Merger Sub and, together with the Company and New PubCo,
the Company Parties), and (5) COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company (company number
382528) (the SPAC). Each Company Party and the SPAC will individually be referred to herein as a Party
and, collectively, as the Parties. Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings set forth in
Article I.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, as at the
date hereof, the Company, a direct Subsidiary of the Seller, holds the Ukrainian Group Companies, along with other subsidiaries, assets
and liabilities of the VEON Group.

WHEREAS, in anticipation
of the Transactions, following the date hereof, the Seller and the Company will effect a series of transactions to implement the Demerger,
which will result in the Company holding only the Retained Assets and Liabilities, which include the Ukrainian Group Companies, and the
Closing shall be conditional upon the implementation of the Demerger.

WHEREAS, as at the
date hereof, the following bonds of the Company are outstanding: (a) the Old April 2025 Bonds; (b) the Old June 2025 Bonds; (c) the Old
2027 Bonds; (d) the April 2025 Bonds; (e) the June 2025 Bonds; and (f) the 2027 Bonds.

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Old Bonds Consent Solicitations, as at the date hereof, the Company is obligated (a) to pay certain amounts of the principal and/or
interest to the respective holders of the Old Bonds and (b) to the extent the corresponding series of New Bonds remains outstanding, exchange
the relevant series of Old Bonds for the corresponding series of New Bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Old Bonds
Consent Solicitations, each upon request of the respective eligible bondholders and subject to certain conditions.

WHEREAS, to the extent
permissible under applicable Laws and Orders and the terms of the applicable bonds, the April 2025 Bonds and the June 2025 Bonds will
be repaid as a part of the New Bonds Repayment, and the Closing shall be conditional upon the implementation of the New Bonds Repayment.

WHEREAS, the 2027 Bonds
shall be transferred from the Company outside of the Group Companies perimeter to VEON MidCo pursuant to the 2027 Bonds Consent Solicitation,
as a part of the Demerger and upon the execution of a supplemental trust and agency deed relating to the 2027 Bonds, to the extent permissible
under applicable Laws and Orders and the terms of the applicable bonds, and the Closing shall be conditional upon the implementation of
the 2027 Bonds Transfer.

1

WHEREAS, in anticipation
of the Transactions: (a) the Seller has caused New PubCo to be incorporated as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller; and (b)
New PubCo has caused Merger Sub to be incorporated as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of New PubCo.

WHEREAS, the board
of directors of the SPAC has unanimously: (a) approved and resolved it is advisable for the SPAC to enter into this Agreement and
each of the Transaction Documents to which it will be a party; (b) approved the execution and delivery by the SPAC of, this Agreement
and each of the Transaction Documents, to which it will be a party; and (c) recommended that the shareholders of the SPAC (the SPAC
Shareholders) vote to (1) adopt this Agreement and (2) approve the Transactions, including the Merger (the SPAC
Recommendation).

WHEREAS, the board
of directors of VEON Ltd. has unanimously determined that it is in the best interests of VEON Ltd. for the Seller to enter into this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is or will be a party.

WHEREAS, the board
of directors of the Seller has unanimously: (a) approved and resolved that it is in the best interests of the Seller to enter into this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party; and (b) resolved to recommend the adoption and
approval of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, to which the Seller is or will be a party, and the Transactions,
including the Sale, in each case, by VEON Ltd., as the sole shareholder of the Seller.

WHEREAS, VEON Ltd.,
as the sole shareholder of the Seller, has approved the Sellers entering into the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents,
to which the Seller is or will be a party, and the Transactions, including the Sale.

WHEREAS, the board
of directors of the Company has unanimously: (a) approved and resolved that it is in the best interests of the Company to enter into this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, to which it is or will be a party; and (b) resolved to recommend the adoption and
approval of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, to which the Company is or will be a party, and the Transactions,
including the Sale, in each case, by the Seller, as the sole shareholder of the Company.

WHEREAS, the Seller,
as the sole shareholder of the Company, has approved the Companys entering into the Agreement and each of the other Transaction
Documents, to which the Company is or will be a party, and the Transactions, including the Sale.

WHEREAS, the sole director
of New PubCo has unanimously: (a) determined, approved, and declared that the Transactions and the Transaction Documents, to which New
PubCo is or will be a party, are advisable and in the best commercial interests of New PubCo; and (b) resolved to recommend that
the Seller, as the sole shareholder of New PubCo, approve and authorize the Transaction Documents, to which New PubCo is or will be a
party, and the Transactions, in each case, by the Seller, as the sole shareholder of New PubCo.

WHEREAS, the Seller,
as the sole shareholder of New PubCo, has approved entering into the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, to which New
PubCo is or will be a party, and the Transactions.

WHEREAS, the sole director
of Merger Sub has unanimously: (a) resolved that the Transaction Documents to which Merger Sub is or will be a party, are approved, advisable
and are in the interests of the Merger Sub; and (b) resolved to recommend that New PubCo, as the sole shareholder of Merger Sub, approve
and authorize the Transaction Documents, to which Merger Sub is or will be a party, and the Transactions, in each case, by New PubCo,
as the sole shareholder of Merger Sub.

2

WHEREAS, New PubCo,
as the sole shareholder of Merger Sub, has approved entering into the Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, to which Merger Sub
is or will be a party, and the Transactions (including the Merger).

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as an inducement to the Company Parties willingness to enter into this Agreement,
the SPAC, the Sponsor, and the other Persons named therein and party thereto, have entered into a SPAC Support Agreement (the SPAC
Support Agreement), pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the Sponsor has agreed,
among other things, to: (a) not redeem any Voting Shares (as defined therein) in connection with the vote to approve the SPAC Shareholder
Matters, vote in favor of the Merger and the other Transactions and against any alternative transaction and, prior to the Closing, not
to transfer any shares of SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares except as permitted thereby; and (b) contingent upon the Closing, waive certain
anti-dilution provisions contained in the SPAC Governing Documents in connection with the Merger.

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the SPAC, the Sponsor, the Seller and New PubCo have entered into a sponsor agreement
(the Sponsor Agreement), which provides for the surrender of certain Equity Interests in the SPAC prior to the Closing
and for the certain restrictions on the transfer of New PubCo Common Shares by the Sponsor following the Closing as set forth therein.

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Seller, the Sponsor and New PubCo have entered into a lock-up agreement (the Seller
Lock-up Agreement), which, among other things, provides for certain restrictions on the transfer of New PubCo Common Shares
by the Seller following the Closing as set forth therein.

WHEREAS, in connection
with the Closing, New PubCo, the Seller and the Sponsor shall enter into a Registration Rights Agreement, which, among other things, effective
as of the Closing, terminates and replaces the Current Registration Rights Agreement.

WHEREAS, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, it is intended that, taken together, the Sale, the Merger and, to the extent relevant, the PIPE Investments, will
qualify as an exchange under Section 351 of the Code (the Intended Tax Treatment).

WHEREAS, the Seller,
as the sole shareholder of the Company, and New PubCo shall execute the Transfer Deed, pursuant to which at the Sale Effective Time, the
Seller will sell to New PubCo all of the issued and outstanding equity of the Company in exchange for newly issued New PubCo Common Shares
and the Seller Loan Note (the Sale) and, after giving effect to the Sale by means of the execution of the Transfer
Deed, the Company will become a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of New PubCo.

WHEREAS, on the first
Business Day following the Sale, the Parties intend to effect the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement
and in accordance with the Companies Act and the Plan of Merger, whereby on the Closing Date, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into
the SPAC (the Merger), with the SPAC continuing as the surviving company of the Merger and a direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of New PubCo and certain shares of the SPAC being converted into New PubCo Common Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement.

WHEREAS, as of immediately
following the consummation of the Transactions, the Parties anticipate that New PubCo will qualify as a foreign private issuer
pursuant to Rule 3b-4 of the Exchange Act.

3

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS

1.1.Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

2027 Bonds
shall mean the outstanding bonds issued by the Company due November 2027 (Regulation S ISIN: XS2824764521; Regulation S Common Code: 282476452;
Rule 144A ISIN: XS2824766146; Rule 144A Common Code: 282476614; and Rule 144A CUSIP: N/A).

2027 Bonds Consent
Solicitation means the consent solicitation launched in respect of the 2027 Bonds as further described in and subject to the
terms set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum dated 13 January 2025.

2027 Bonds Transfer
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.21(b).

Adjusted Cash
shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule I.

Affiliate
shall mean, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect common
control with, such Person; for purposes of this definition, control (including with correlative meanings, the terms
controlling, controlled by and under common control with), as applied to
any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Aggregate SPAC Shareholder
Redemption Payments Amount shall mean the aggregate amount of all payments required to be made by the SPAC to redeeming SPAC
Shareholders in connection with the SPAC Shareholder Redemption.

Agreed Regulatory
Approvals shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(a).

Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

Amended and Restated
New PubCo Governing Documents shall mean the amended and restated version of the New PubCo Governing Documents, in form and
substance that is reasonably acceptable to the SPAC, New PubCo and the Seller, which shall be adopted at the Closing.

Anti-Corruption
Laws with respect to any Person, shall mean, to the extent applicable, the requirements of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws and regulations of the United States of America,
the United Kingdom, the European Union, the Netherlands, the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, Ukraine and any related anti-bribery or anti-corruption
rules, regulations or Orders issued, administered or enforced by any competent Governmental Entities of those jurisdictions.

Anti-Money Laundering
Laws with respect to any Person, shall mean, to the extent applicable, the financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements
of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001,
the applicable anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism laws and regulations (including any licensing or registration
requirements applicable to money services businesses) of the United States of America, the United Kingdom, the European Union, the Netherlands,
the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, Ukraine and any related anti-money laundering or terrorist financing rules, regulations or Orders issued,
administered or enforced by any competent Governmental Entities of those jurisdictions.

4

Applicable Exchange
Rate shall mean the exchange rate between the two currencies in question published in the Wall Street Journal or, if not reported
thereby, another authoritative source on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant date or, if no such rate is quoted on that
date, on the preceding date on which such rate is quoted, provided that for the purposes of this definition, the relevant date
shall mean the date on which a relevant payment or assessment is to be made.

April 2025 Bonds
shall mean the outstanding bonds issued by the Company due April 2025 with Regulation S ISIN: XS2824765098; Regulation S Common Code:282476509;
Rule 144A ISIN: XS2824765767; Rule 144A Common Code: 282476576; and Rule 144A CUSIP: N/A).

Bankruptcy and Equity
Exception shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.

Business Day
shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, the United States of America; Hamilton,
Bermuda; George Town, the Cayman Islands; and Amsterdam, the Netherlands are authorized or required by applicable Law to close.

Cancelled Treasury
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(b).

Cash Adjustment
Excess shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule I.

Cash Adjustment
Shortfall shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule I.

Cash Investment
Amount shall mean the sum of (a) the PIPE Investments, plus (b) the aggregate amount of cash contained in the Trust
Account immediately prior to the Closing (prior to giving effect to the SPAC Shareholder Redemption), less (c) the Aggregate
SPAC Shareholder Redemption Payments Amount.

Cayman Act
means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Cayman Registrar
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

Certifications
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(a).

Closing
shall mean the closing of the Merger.

Closing Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).

Closing Equity Value
shall mean an amount equal to (a) USD 2,210,000,000 plus (b) the Cash Adjustment Excess less (c) the Cash Adjustment Shortfall.

Closing Form 6-K
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(c).

Closing Press Release
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(c).

Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

5

Communications Laws
with respect to any Person, shall mean, to the extent applicable, the Laws governing electronic communications, telecommunications services,
equipment, and/or facilities in Ukraine or any other applicable jurisdiction as of the date of this Agreement.

Companies Act
shall mean the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

Company Bank Account
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(b).

Company Business
Combination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.11(a).

Company Governing
Documents shall mean the articles of association of the Company, as may be amended from time to time.

Company Material
Lease shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(b).

Company Material
Leased Properties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(b).

Company Parties
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

Company Party Privileged
Communications shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.15.

Company Shares
shall mean all issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Company, with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share.

Confidentiality
Agreement shall mean the mutual confidentiality agreement, dated October 29, 2024, by and between the SPAC and the Seller,
as amended from time to time.

Continental Trust
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.13(a).

Contract
shall mean any legally binding contract, subcontract, agreement (not including purchase orders), indenture, note, bond, loan or credit
agreement, instrument, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, license, sublicense, commitment, power of attorney, guaranty or other legally binding
arrangement, or obligation, whether written or oral, in each case, as amended and supplemented from time to time and including all schedules,
annexes and exhibits thereto.

Copyrights
shall mean any and all copyrights and copyrightable subject matter under applicable Laws, whether registered or unregistered and regardless
of the medium of fixation or means of expression, including any of the foregoing that protect original works of authorship fixed in any
tangible medium of expression, including literary works (including all forms and types of Software), pictorial and graphic works.

Current Registration
Rights Agreement shall mean the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2024, by and among the SPAC, the Sponsor
and the other parties thereto.

Data Protection
Requirements shall mean all (a) Privacy Laws, and (b) contractual obligations of the Group Companies regulating the privacy
or security of Personal Information in the control or possession of the Group Companies, to the extent applicable.

DCIT Fiscal Unity
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.14(e).

6

Demerger
shall mean the partial demerger (juridische afsplitsing) within the meaning of article 2:334a paragraph 3 Dutch Civil Code, by
and among the Company, VEON Intermediate Holdings and VEON MidCo, which shall be completed after the date hereof, but prior to the Closing,
in accordance with the material terms of the Demerger Proposal.

Demerger Proposal
shall mean the proposal for a partial demerger, by and among the Company, VEON Intermediate Holdings and VEON MidCo, dated January 13,
2025, including all schedules thereto, as may be amended from time to time.

Effect
shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Group Material Adverse Effect in this Section 1.1.

Effective Times
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

Environmental Laws
with respect to any Person, shall mean, to the extent applicable, any Laws relating to: (a) the protection, investigation or restoration
of the environment or natural resources or the protection of human health and safety; or (b) any similar Laws and other requirements having
the force or effect of law, and all Orders issued or promulgated thereunder.

Environmental Permits
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.14(b).

Equity Interests
shall mean all shares, interests, participations, equity or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation,
or in the share capital of a company, and any ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation or a company), including membership
interests, partnership interests, joint venture interests, and beneficial interests, and any and all warrants, options, convertible or
exchangeable securities, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing.

ERISA
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Act
shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Agent
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

Exchange Agent Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

Exchange New Bonds
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(a).

Executive Employees
shall mean the top ten executive officers or comparable level employees of the Group Companies based on annual base compensation.

Executive Employment
Contract shall mean the employment agreements with the Executive Employees.

Export Control Laws
with respect to any Person, shall mean, to the extent applicable, the Export Administration Regulations of the United States, the International
Traffic in Arms Regulations, and any other Laws and Orders concerning export controls and international trade in relation to the export,
re-export, transfer, or provision of commodities, hardware, software or technology, in all jurisdictions in which such Person conducts
business or has operations.

7

Financial Advisors
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.24.

Forfeited Sponsor
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(b).

Fully Diluted Share
Count shall mean the number of New PubCo Common Shares in issue immediately following Closing plus the number of New PubCo
Common Shares which would be issued (i) upon the exercise of the New PubCo Public Warrants and (ii) pursuant to the New PubCo Equity Plan
(in the case of (i) and (ii), if such exercise and issuances took place immediately prior to the Closing).

Governmental Authorization
shall mean any permit, license, registration, certificate, franchise, qualification, waiver, authorization or similar right issued, granted
or obtained by or from any Governmental Entity.

Governmental Entity
shall mean: (a) any federal, provincial, state, local, municipal, foreign, national or international court, governmental commission,
government or governmental authority, department, regulatory or administrative agency, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, tribunal,
arbitrator or arbitral body (public or private), or similar body; (b) any self-regulatory organization; or (c) any political
subdivision of any of the foregoing.

Group Business
shall mean the business of the Group Companies as of the date hereof, namely as an operator of mobile and fixed-line connectivity and
digital businesses in Ukraine.

Group Companies
shall mean the Company and the Ukrainian Group Companies.

Group Companies
Governing Documents shall mean with respect to (a) the Company, the Company Governing Documents, and (b) the Ukrainian Group
Companies, their respective charters, in each case, as may be amended from time to time.

Group Company Material
Contract shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.20(a).

Group Employee Benefit
Plan shall mean each material written employee benefit plan and each other retirement, supplemental retirement, deferred compensation,
bonus, transaction bonus, incentive compensation, share purchase, stock purchase, employee stock ownership, employee share ownership,
equity-based, phantom-equity, profit-sharing, severance, termination protection, change in control, retention, employee loan, retiree
medical or life insurance, educational, employee assistance, collective bargaining, fringe benefit plan, policy, agreement, program or
arrangement and all other plans, policies, agreements, programs or arrangements providing for any compensation or employee benefits, whether
oral or written, (a) which any Group Company sponsors, maintains, contributes to (or is required to contribute to), administers or has
entered into for the current or future benefit of any current or former officer, employee, natural individual independent contractor or
director of any Group Company, or (b) with respect to which any Group Company has or may have any direct or indirect liability.

Group IT Assets
shall mean all computer hardware, including peripherals and ancillary equipment and network and telecommunications equipment, and all
computer software, including associated proprietary materials, user manuals and other related documentation used by any Group Company,
in each case solely to the extent material to the operation of the Group Business.

8

Group Material Adverse
Effect shall mean any event, change, development, state of fact, circumstance, occurrence or effect (any such item, an
Effect), that, individually or in the aggregate, has, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material
adverse effect on (a) the assets and liabilities, business conditions (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the
Group Companies, New PubCo, and Merger Sub, taken as a whole; or (b) the ability of any Company Party to consummate the
Transactions by the Outside Date; provided, however, that in no event will any Effect resulting from, arising out of
or relating to the following, alone or in combination, be taken into account in determining whether a Group Material Adverse Effect
pursuant to clause (a) has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur: (i) acts of war (whether declared or
not), sabotage, cyberattacks or terrorism, or any escalation, continuing or worsening of any such acts or changes in global,
national, regional, state or local political or social conditions, including the Ukraine Invasion or any Ukraine Invasion Measures;
(ii) earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, tsunamis, volcanic activities, mudslides, flooding, wild fires or other natural
disasters, epidemics, pandemics or other public health emergencies or other natural or man-made disasters, in each case, where the
Group Companies business, taken as a whole, has a material presence; (iii) solely to the extent related to the identity of
the SPAC, changes or effects attributable to the execution of this Agreement and other Transaction Documents, including public
announcement, consummation, performance or pendency of the Transactions (including the loss of customers, financing sources, joint
venture partners, licensors, licensees, suppliers, employees or other third parties having business relationships with the Group
Companies), provided that this clause (iii) shall not apply to the representations and warranties (or related
conditions) that, by their terms, specifically address the consequences arising out of the public announcement, performance or
pendency of the Transactions to the extent applicable; (iv) changes or proposed changes in applicable Laws or enforcement or
interpretations thereof, Orders or decisions by courts or any other Governmental Entity after the date of this Agreement;
(v) changes or proposed changes in IFRS or other applicable accounting or auditing standards (or any interpretation thereof)
after the date of this Agreement; (vi) changes in the national, regional, local, international or worldwide political,
economic, regulatory or tax conditions, including changes in the credit, debt, capital, currency, securities or financial markets
(including changes in interest or exchange rates); (vii) Effects generally affecting the industries and markets in which any Group
Company operates; (viii) any failure in and of itself of any Group Company to meet any projections, forecasts, guidance, estimates,
milestones, budgets or financial or operating predictions of revenue, earnings, cash flow or cash position, provided that
this clause (viii) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that the Effect underlying such failure has, or
would reasonably be expected to have, resulted in a Group Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent otherwise excluded under
this definition); or (ix) any actions (A) expressly required to be taken, or expressly required not to be taken, pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or (B) taken at the prior written request or with the prior
written consent of the SPAC; provided, that in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii), (iv), (iv)
and (vi), any such Effect to the extent it disproportionately affects the Group Companies, taken as a whole, relative to
other participants in the industries or geographical areas in which the Group Companies operate shall not be excluded from the
determination of whether there has been, or could reasonably be expected to be, a Group Material Adverse Effect.

Helsi Minority Shares
shall mean the shares in Helsi Ukraine LLC held by the persons listed in Section 1.1(a) of the VEON Disclosure Schedule.

IFRS
shall mean the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Inbound License
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.20(a)(ix).

Incidental Inbound
License shall mean any (a) non-disclosure/confidentiality agreement (or other Contract that includes confidentiality provisions)
entered into in the ordinary course of business that provides any of the Group Companies a limited, non-exclusive right to access or use
Trade Secrets; (b) Contract that authorizes any of the Group Companies to identify another Person as a customer, vendor, supplier or partner
of such Group Company; (c) non-exclusive license for Software that is in the nature of a shrink-wrap or click-wrap
license agreement for off-the-shelf Software that is generally commercially available; and (d) license to Open Source Software.

9

Indebtedness
shall mean, with respect to a Person, without duplication, all of the following: (a) any indebtedness for borrowed money and any
premiums, fees and expenses related to the paydown of such indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding as of the Closing; (b) any
obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (c) any obligations to pay the deferred purchase
price of property, shares, stock or services including any earn-out payments (in the case of the Group Companies, other than trade payables
or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business which shall be included in working capital); (d) any obligations
as lessee under finance leases reflected, or required to be reflected in accordance with IFRS or U.S. GAAP, as applicable, on a Persons
balance sheet; (e) any obligations, contingent or otherwise, under acceptance, letters of credit or similar facilities to the extent
drawn; (f) any guaranty of any of the foregoing; (g) any accrued interest, fees and charges in respect of any of the foregoing;
(h) any prepayment premiums and penalties actually due and payable, and any other fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts actually
due and payable as a result of the prepayment or discharge of any of the foregoing; (i) all obligations under any pension, retirement
or deferred compensation plan of such Person in each case, that relate to pre-Closing service but are unpaid as of the Closing and are
not otherwise accrued on the Financial Statements or separately funded; and (j) any of the obligations of any other Person of the type
referred to in clauses (a) through (i) above directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person or secured by the assets of such Person,
whether or not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person.

Insider
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.22.

Insurance Policies
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.19.

Intellectual Property
shall mean all intellectual property rights throughout the world, whether protected, created or arising under the laws of Ukraine or any
other jurisdiction, including: (a) all Patents; (b) all Copyrights; (c) all Trademarks; (d) all internet domain names registrations and
social media identifiers and accounts; (e) all Trade Secrets; (f) all moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however denominated,
rights of publicity and privacy, and database rights; and (g) all applications, registrations and issuances, and any renewals, extensions
and reversions, of any of the foregoing.

Intended Tax Treatment
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.

Intentional Fraud
shall mean with respect to a Party, actual and intentional common law fraud of such Party with respect to the representations or warranties
made by such Party contained in this Agreement or in the certificate delivered by such Party pursuant to Section 8.2(d) or
Section 8.3(d), as applicable.

Interim Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Investment Company
Act shall mean the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

June 2025 Bonds
shall mean the outstanding bonds issued by the Company due June 2025 with Regulation S ISIN: XS2834471976; Regulation S Common Code: 283447197;
Rule 144A ISIN: XS2834472198; Rule 144A Common Code: 283447219; and Rule 144A CUSIP: N/A.

Knowledge of the
SPAC shall mean the actual knowledge or awareness, after reasonable inquiry of direct reports of the individuals listed on
Section 1.1(a) of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule.

Knowledge of VEON
shall mean the actual knowledge or awareness, after reasonable inquiry of direct reports of the individuals listed on Section 1.1(b)
of the VEON Disclosure Schedule, and direct reports shall include the individuals listed in Section 1.1(c)
of the VEON Disclosure Schedule.

10

Kyivstar Minority
Shares shall mean the shares in Kyivstar JSC held by VEON Ltd., as listed in Section 1.1(a) of the VEON Disclosure Schedule.

Laws
shall mean any federal, state, provincial, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, constitution, treaty, principle of common
law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling, injunction, judgment, Order, assessment, writ or other legal
requirement, administrative policy or guidance or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into
effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Entity.

Liabilities
shall mean all debts, liabilities, fines, penalties, commitments and obligations of any kind, whether fixed, contingent or absolute, matured
or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or not accrued, asserted or not asserted, known or unknown, determined, determinable
or otherwise, whenever or however arising (including, whether arising out of any contract or tort based on negligence or strict liability)
and whether or not the same would be required by U.S. GAAP, IFRS or other applicable accounting or auditing standards to be reflected
in financial statements or disclosed in the notes thereto.

Lien
shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, bond, encumbrance, lien, license, grant, guarantee, options, priority rights, preemptive
rights, right of first offer or refusal, hypothecation, assignment, claim, easement, deed of trust, usufruct, covenant, servitude, put
or call right, voting right, shareholders agreement, retention rights, restriction or charge of any kind (including, any conditional
sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof, any agreement to give any security interest and any restriction
relating to use, quiet enjoyment, voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership).

Malware
shall mean any virus, Trojan horse, time bomb, key-lock, spyware, worm, malicious code or other Software designed or able to, without
the knowledge or authorization of a Group Company, disrupt, disable, harm, exfiltrate, interfere with the operation of or install within
or on any Software, computer data, network memory or hardware.

Material Suppliers
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.20(a)(ii).

Maximum Cash Investment
Amount shall be an amount equal to $266,690,515.

Merger
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.

Merger Effective
Time shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

Merger Sub
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

Merger Sub Governing
Documents shall mean the memorandum and articles of association of Merger Sub, as may be amended from time to time.

Merger Sub Ordinary
Shares shall mean the ordinary shares of the Merger Sub, par value $0.0001 per share.

Minimum Cash Amount
shall mean $50,000,000.

Nasdaq
shall mean the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

Net Cash
has the meaning given to it in Schedule I.

11

New Bonds
means the April 2025 Bonds and/or the June 2025 Bonds.

New Bonds Repayment
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.21(a).

New PubCo
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

New PubCo Board
shall mean the board of directors of New PubCo.

New PubCo Common
Shares shall mean common shares of New PubCo, par value $0.001 per share.

New PubCo Equity
Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.16(a).

New PubCo Equity
Plan Amount shall mean a number equal to 3% of the Fully Diluted Share Count.

New PubCo Governing
Documents shall mean the bye-laws of New PubCo, as may be amended from time to time.

New PubCo Public
Warrant shall mean one warrant to subscribe for one New PubCo Common Share resulting from the automatic adjustment of a SPAC
Public Warrant at the Merger Effective Time.

OFAC
shall mean the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

Old 2027 Bonds
shall mean the outstanding bonds issued by the Company due November 2027 with Regulation S ISIN: XS2252958751; Regulation S Common Code:
225295875; Rule 144A ISIN: US91823N2A05; Rule 144A Common Code: 226227318; and Rule 144A CUSIP: 91823N2A0.

Old April 2025 Bonds
shall mean the outstanding bonds issued by the Company due April 2025 with Regulation S ISIN: XS2058691663; Regulation S Common Code:
205869166; Rule 144A ISIN: US92334VAA35; Rule 144A Common Code: 206069716; and Rule 144A CUSIP: 92334VAA3.

Old Bond Holders
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(a).

Old Bonds
shall mean the Old April 2025 Bonds, the Old June 2025 Bonds and the Old 2027 Bonds.

Old Bonds Consent
Solicitations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(a).

Old June 2025 Bonds
shall mean the outstanding bonds issued by the Company due June 2025 with Regulation S ISIN: XS2184900186; Regulation S Common Code: 218490018;
Rule 144A ISIN: XS2184900269; Rule 144A Common Code: 218490026; and Rule 144A CUSIP: N/A.

Open Source Software
shall mean any Software that is distributed (a) as free software (as defined by the Free Software Foundation); (b) as open
source software or pursuant to any license identified as an open source license by the Open Source Initiative (www.opensource.org/licenses)
or other license that substantially conforms to the Open Source Definition (opensource.org/osd); or (c) under a license that requires
disclosure of source code or requires derivative works based on such Software to be made publicly available under the same license.

12

Order
shall mean any award, injunction, judgment, regulatory or supervisory mandate, order, writ, decree or ruling entered, issued, made, or
rendered by any Governmental Entity that possesses competent jurisdiction.

ordinary course
or ordinary course of business shall mean with respect to an action taken by a Person, that such action is consistent
with the past practices of such Person or is taken in the ordinary course of the normal operations of such Person.

Outside Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(b).

Outstanding Seller
Transaction Expenses shall mean the Seller Transaction Expenses, solely to the extent such Seller Transaction Expenses are
incurred and expected to remain unpaid as of the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date.

Outstanding SPAC
Transaction Expenses shall mean the SPAC Transaction Expenses, solely to the extent such SPAC Transaction Expenses are incurred
and expected to remain unpaid as of the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Closing Date.

Owned Intellectual
Property shall mean Intellectual Property owned by any of the Group Companies.

Parties
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

Party
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

Patents
shall mean any and all patents and patent applications, provisional patent applications, patent cooperation treaty applications and similar
filings and any and all substitutions, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, renewals, extensions, reexaminations,
patents of addition, supplementary protection certificates, utility models, inventors certificates, or the like and any foreign
equivalents of the foregoing (including certificates of invention and any applications therefor).

PCAOB
shall mean the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

PCAOB Audited Financials
shall mean (a) the audited combined statement of financial position of the Group Companies as of December 31, 2023 and December
31, 2024, and the audited combined statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net investment, and cash flows, for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 audited by the Companys independent auditors in accordance with (i)
all applicable accounting requirements and with the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Exchange Act and the Securities Act in effect
as of the respective dates thereof (including Regulation S-X or Regulation S-K, as applicable) and (ii) PCAOB auditing standards, together
with the auditors report of the independent auditors thereon, and (b) to the extent provided by the Company or New PubCo pursuant
to Section 7.16, any other audited financial statements of the Group Companies that are included in the Registration Statement
/ Proxy Statement.

Permit
shall mean any consent, license, permit, franchise, waiver, approval, authorization, certificate, registration or filing issued by, obtained
from or made with a Governmental Entity.

13

Permitted Lien shall
mean (a) Liens for Taxes (i) not yet delinquent or for Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
(ii) that are sufficiently reserved for on the financial statements in accordance with IFRS or U.S. GAAP, as applicable; (b)
statutory and contractual Liens of landlords with respect to leased real property that do not interfere in any material respect with
the value or the present or intended use of or occupancy of the affected leased real property by any of the Group Companies; (c)
Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and repairmen and the like incurred in the ordinary course of business and:
(i) not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith through appropriate proceedings and (ii) that are sufficiently
reserved for on the financial statements in accordance with IFRS or U.S. GAAP, as applicable; (d) in the case of real property,
zoning, building, or other restrictions, variances, covenants, rights of way, encumbrances, easements and other irregularities in
title, to the extent they do not interfere with the value or the present use of or occupancy of the affected parcel by any of the
Group Companies; (e) non-exclusive licenses (or sublicenses) entered into in the ordinary course of business; (f) all exceptions,
restrictions, easements, imperfections of title, charges, rights-of-way and other Liens of record, in each case, arising in the
ordinary course that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the value or present or intended use or
occupancy of the assets and real properties of the Group Companies and the rights under the real property leases which are material
to the Group Business, taken as a whole and do not result in a material liability to the Group Companies; (g) Liens securing any
Group Companys existing credit facilities; and (h) transfer restrictions arising under applicable securities Laws.

Person
shall mean any individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability
partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any limited liability company or joint stock company), firm or other enterprise,
association, organization, entity or Governmental Entity.

Personal Information
shall mean (a) any information that relates to, identifies or is reasonably capable of being associated with a natural person; and (b)
information that constitutes personal information, personally identifiable information, personal data
or other similar terms under applicable Privacy Law.

PIPE Investments
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.19.

PIPE Investors
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.19.

PIPE Shares
shall mean the number of New PubCo Common Shares issued to the PIPE Investors in accordance with the PIPE Subscription Agreements.

PIPE Subscription
Agreements shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.19.

Plan of Merger
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

Privacy Laws
with respect to any Person, shall mean, to the extent applicable, the Laws that regulate data privacy, data security, data protection
or cybersecurity, in each case with respect to the collection, storage, use, disclosure, destruction or other processing, and transfer
of Personal Information.

Proceeding
shall mean any action, suit, hearing, claim, charge, audit, lawsuit, demand, dispute, notice, investigation, prosecution, litigation,
inquiry, arbitration, alternative dispute resolution, or other proceedings (in each case, whether civil, criminal, regulatory or administrative
or at law or in equity) by or before a Governmental Entity.

Proxy Clearance
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a)(ii).

Proxy Statement
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a)(i).

14

Reference Date
shall mean (a) with respect to representations and warranties relating to each of New PubCo and Merger Sub, the date of incorporation
of New PubCo and Merger Sub, respectively, and (b) with respect to the Group Companies, the date which is two years prior to the
date hereof.

Registration Rights
Agreement shall mean an agreement among New PubCo, the Seller and the Sponsor, in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the parties thereto, pursuant to which New PubCo grants the holders certain registration rights with respect to certain securities
of New PubCo.

Registration Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a)(i).

Registration Statement
/ Proxy Statement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a)(i).

Regulation S-K
shall mean Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

Regulation S-X
shall mean Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act.

Repayment Amounts
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(a).

Repayment Date
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(b).

Repayment Events
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(a).

Representatives
shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Persons controlling shareholders, controlling stockholders, directors, officers, managers,
employees, agents, advisors and other representatives.

Request for Funds
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.20(b).

Retained Assets
and Liabilities shall mean the assets and liabilities retained by the Company following the Demerger as set forth on schedule
IV of the Demerger Proposal.

Sale
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.

Sale Effective Time
shall mean the date and time specified in the Transfer Deed as the effective time of the Sale.

Sanctioned Party
List shall mean the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or Foreign Sanctions Evaders maintained
by the OFAC, the Entity List maintained by the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce, the Consolidated List
of Persons, Groups and Entities subject to EU Financial Sanctions maintained by the European Commission, the UK Sanctions List maintained
by the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation within the UKs HM Treasury, or any equivalent list maintained by a Sanctions
Authority, as amended from time to time.

Sanctioned Person
shall mean (a) any Person listed in any Sanctioned Party List; (b) any Person fifty per cent (50%) or more owned by (or, as applicable
under the Sanctions Laws administered by the United Kingdom and/or the European Union and its Member States, controlled by) any Person
listed in any Sanctioned Party List or a sanctioned Governmental Entity (e.g., the government of Venezuela); (c) any Governmental Entity
of a Sanctioned Territory or any Person otherwise operating, organized, or resident in a Sanctioned Territory; and (d) any Person acting
on behalf of a party described under (a) through (c).

15

Sanctioned Territory
shall mean any country or other territory subject to a comprehensive export, import, financial or investment embargo under any Sanctions
Laws, which currently comprise Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine,
and those portions of the Donetsk Peoples Republic, Luhansk Peoples Republic, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine
over which any Sanctions Authority imposes comprehensive Sanctions.

Sanctions Authority
means: (a) the United States of America (including the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the United States Department of State, and any
other U.S. government entity); (b) the United Nations (including its Security Council, and any United Nations Security Council Sanctions
Committee); (c) the European Union, or any Member State thereof (including the Netherlands); (d) the United Kingdom; (e) the Cayman Islands;
(f) Ukraine; and (g) any Governmental Entity of the foregoing.

Sanctions
or Sanctions Laws shall mean means any law, regulation, order, or directive imposed, administered or enforced from
time to time by any Sanctions Authority which imposes financial or trade sanctions (including, without limitation, asset blocking/freezing,
trade embargoes, and other financial or trade restrictions) against countries, regions, locations, individuals, or entities on grounds
of national or international security, human rights, or foreign policy.

Sanctions Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.23.

Sanctions License
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.23.

SEC shall
mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act
shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Seller Financing
Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6.

Seller Governing
Documents shall mean the articles of association of the Seller, as may be amended from time to time.

Seller Loan Note
shall mean the promissory note in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement issued for the Seller Loan Note Consideration
Amount.

Seller Loan Note
Consideration Amount shall mean the amount of the Seller Loan Note which shall be dollar amount equal to the Cash Investment
Amount.

Seller Lock-up Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.

Seller Share Consideration
Number shall mean the number of the New PubCo Common Shares equal to (a) the amount of (i) Closing Equity Value less
(ii) the Seller Loan Note Consideration Amount, divided by (b) $10.35; provided that the resulting number shall be rounded
down to the nearest whole number.

Seller Transaction
Expenses shall mean (a) all documented third-party out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with, or
otherwise related to, the Transactions, the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents
and the performance and compliance with all agreements and conditions contained herein to be performed or complied with at or before
the Closing, including the fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel and accountants, due diligence expenses, advisory, brokerage,
deal and consulting fees and expenses, and other third-party fees, in each case, of a member of the VEON Group or the Company Parties;
(b) all bonuses, change in control payments, severance, retention, retirement or similar payments or success fees payable to any current
or former officer, employee, natural individual independent contractor or director of any Group Company solely as a result of the consummation
of the Transactions, and the employer portion of employment, payroll or similar Taxes payable as a result of the foregoing amounts; and
(c) fifty percent (50%) of the filing fees paid with respect to any regulatory filings made pursuant to Section 7.2; provided
that the estimated Seller Transaction Expenses are set forth on Section 1.1(d) of the VEON Disclosure Schedule.

16

Software
shall mean any and all computer programs (whether in source code, object code, human readable form or other form), applications, algorithms,
user interfaces, firmware, development tools, templates and menus, and all documentation, including user manuals and training materials,
related to any of the foregoing.

SPAC
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereto.

SPAC Business Combination
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.11(b).

SPAC Cash
shall mean an amount equal to (a) the aggregate amount of cash contained in the Trust Account immediately prior to the Closing (prior
to giving effect to the SPAC Shareholder Redemption), less (b) the Aggregate SPAC Shareholder Redemption Payments Amount,
less (c) the aggregate amount of any amounts payable from the Trust Account pursuant to Section 7.12(a)(ii)(B),
plus (d) the net amount of proceeds actually contributed by the investors pursuant to the PIPE Investments in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the PIPE Subscription Agreements, if any.

SPAC Class A Ordinary
Shares shall mean the Class A Ordinary Shares of the SPAC, par value $0.0001 per share.

SPAC Class B Ordinary
Shares shall mean the Class B Ordinary Shares of the SPAC, par value $0.0001 per share.

SPAC Consolidated
Group shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.14(b).

SPAC Counsel
shall mean Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP.

SPAC D&O Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.13(b)(i).

SPAC D&O Tail
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.13(b)(ii).

SPAC Disclosure
Schedule shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble to Article V.

SPAC Employee Benefit
Plan shall mean each employee benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA) and each other retirement,
supplemental retirement, deferred compensation, bonus, transaction bonus, incentive compensation, share purchase, stock purchase, employee
stock ownership, employee share ownership, equity-based, phantom-equity, profit-sharing, severance, termination protection, change in
control, retention, employee loan, retiree medical or life insurance, educational, employee assistance, collective bargaining, fringe
benefit plan, policy, agreement, program or arrangement and all other plans, policies, agreements, programs or arrangements providing
for any compensation or employee benefits, in each case whether or not subject to ERISA, whether oral or written, (i) which the SPAC sponsors,
maintains, contributes to (or is required to contribute to), administers or has entered into for the current or future benefit of any
current or former officer, employee, natural individual independent contractor or director of the SPAC, or (ii) with respect to which
the SPAC has or may have any direct or indirect liability.

17

SPAC Financing Certificate
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.

SPAC Fundamental
Representations shall mean the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.18.

SPAC Governing Documents
shall mean the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the SPAC adopted by special resolution dated October
10, 2024, and effective on October 10, 2024, as may be amended from time to time.

SPAC Material Adverse
Effect shall mean any Effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material
adverse effect on (a) the assets and liabilities, business conditions (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the SPAC;
or (b) the ability of the SPAC to consummate the Transactions by the Outside Date; provided, however, that in no event will
any Effect resulting from, arising out of or relating to the following, alone or in combination, be taken into account in determining
whether a SPAC Material Adverse Effect pursuant to clause (a) has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur: (i) acts
of war (whether declared or not), sabotage, cyberattacks or terrorism, or any escalation, continuing or worsening of any such acts or
changes in global, national, regional, state or local political or social conditions; (ii) earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, tsunamis,
volcanic activities, mudslides, flooding, wild fires or other natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics or other public health emergencies
or other natural or man-made disasters, in each case, where the SPACs business has a material presence; (iii) solely to the
extent related to the identity of any Group Company, changes or effects attributable to the execution of this Agreement and other Transaction
Documents, including public announcement, consummation, performance or pendency of the Transactions (including the loss of customers,
financing sources, joint venture partners, licensors, licensees, suppliers, employees or other third parties having business relationships
with the SPAC), provided that this clause (iii) shall not apply to the representations and warranties (or related conditions)
that, by their terms, specifically address the consequences arising out of the public announcement, performance or pendency of the Transactions
to the extent applicable; (iv) changes or proposed changes in applicable Laws or enforcement or interpretations thereof, Orders or
decisions by courts or any other Governmental Entity after the date of this Agreement; (v) changes or proposed changes in U.S. GAAP
or other applicable accounting or auditing standards (or any interpretation thereof) after the date of this Agreement; (vi) changes
in the national, regional, local, international or worldwide political, economic, regulatory or tax conditions, including changes in the
credit, debt, capital, currency, securities or financial markets( including changes in interest or exchange rates); (vii) Effects generally
applicable to blank check companies or affecting the industries and markets in which blank check companies operate; (viii) any failure
in and of itself of the SPAC to meet any projections, forecasts, guidance, estimates, milestones, budgets or financial or operating predictions
of revenue, earnings, cash flow or cash position, provided that this clause (viii) shall not prevent or otherwise affect a determination
that the Effect underlying such failure has resulted in a SPAC Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent otherwise excluded under
this definition); or (ix) any actions (A) expressly required to be taken, or expressly required not to be taken, pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or (B) taken at the prior written request or with the prior written
consent of New PubCo, Merger Sub, the Seller or the Company (including any breach of a PIPE Investors obligations to fund its commitment
thereunder when required); provided, that in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii), (iv), (v) (vi) and
(vii), any such Effect to the extent it disproportionately affects the SPAC relative to other participants in the industries or geographical
areas in which the SPAC operates shall not be excluded from the determination of whether there has been, or could reasonably be expected
to be, a SPAC Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount of any SPAC Shareholder Redemption, or the failure to
obtain the SPAC Shareholder Approval, shall not be deemed a SPAC Material Adverse Effect.

SPAC Material Contracts
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(a).

18

SPAC Ordinary Shares
shall mean the SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares and SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares.

SPAC Placement Warrants
shall mean the private placement warrants to purchase SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares.

SPAC Preference
Shares shall mean the preference shares of the SPAC, par value $0.0001.

SPAC Public Warrants
shall mean the warrants to purchase SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares issued as a component of the units issued in the SPACs initial
public offering, with each unit issued therein including one-third of such a warrant.

SPAC Recommendation
shall have the meaning set forth the Recitals hereto.

SPAC SEC Reports
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(a).

SPAC Shareholder
Approval shall mean the approval of the SPAC Shareholder Matters as set out in Section 7.1(a)(i), in each case
in accordance with the Proxy Statement and the SPAC Governing Documents.

SPAC Shareholder
Matters shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a)(i).

SPAC Shareholder
Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a)(i).

SPAC Shareholders
shall have the meaning set forth in Recitals hereto.

SPAC Support Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.

SPAC Transaction
Expenses shall mean (a) all documented third-party out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with, or otherwise
related to, the Transactions, the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the performance
and compliance with all agreements and conditions contained herein to be performed or complied with at or before the Closing, including
the fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel and accountants (excluding any fees, expenses and disbursements in connection with the
preparation of the PCAOB Audited Financials), due diligence expenses (including fees or reimbursement fees for the obtainment of any due
diligence reports prepared by third parties), advisory, brokerage, deal and consulting fees and expenses, and other third-party fees,
in each case, of the SPAC or any of its Affiliates as of the Closing (including deferred underwriting compensation paid to Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co. in accordance with the SPAC Underwriting Agreement); (b) all bonuses, change in control payments, severance, retention, retirement
or similar payments or success fees payable to any current or former officer, employee, natural individual independent contractor or director
of the SPAC solely as a result of the consummation of the Transactions, and the employer portion of employment, payroll or similar Taxes
payable as a result of the foregoing amounts; (c) fifty percent (50%) of the filing fees paid with respect to any regulatory filings made
pursuant to Section 7.2; and (d) any Taxes required to be paid by the SPAC in respect of any redemptions, including the SPAC Shareholder
Redemptions, pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; provided that the estimated SPAC Transaction Expenses are set forth
on Section 1.1(b) of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule.

SPAC Underwriting
Agreement shall mean that certain underwriting agreement between the SPAC and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., dated as of October
10, 2024.

19

SPAC Units
shall mean equity securities of the SPAC each consisting of (a) one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and (b) one-third of one SPAC Public Warrant.

SPAC Warrant Agreement
shall mean that certain warrant agreement by and between the SPAC and Continental Trust, dated October 10, 2024.

SPAC Warrants
shall mean the SPAC Public Warrants and the SPAC Placement Warrants.

Special Meeting
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(b).

Special Meeting
Form 8-K shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(c).

Sponsor
shall mean (a) Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and/or (b) Cohen Circle Advisors I, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, depending on the context.

Sponsor Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.

Subsidiary
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any partnership, limited liability company, corporation, company or other business entity of which:
(a) if a corporation or a company, a majority of the total voting power of share capital or shares of capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, or trustees thereof is at the time owned
or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof;
(b) if a partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, a majority of the partnership or other similar ownership
interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person
or a combination thereof; or (c) in any case, such Person controls the management thereof.

Surviving Company
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Surviving Company
Governing Documents shall mean the memorandum and articles of association of the Surviving Company, as may be amended from
time to time.

Surviving Company
Ordinary Shares shall mean the ordinary shares of the Surviving Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Targeted Party
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.23.

Tax or
Taxes shall mean all forms of taxation for any and all federal, state, local, municipal, governmental or other body
or authority in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, gross receipts, gross revenues, income, profits, gains, license, sales,
use, estimated, occupation, value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, social security, recapture, net
worth, employment, escheat and unclaimed property obligations, excise and property taxes, assessments, stamp, environmental, registration,
governmental charges, duties, levies, fees, charges, tariffs, contributions, social contributions, imposts and other similar charges,
in each case, imposed by a Taxing Authority (whether disputed or not), together with all interest, penalties, surcharge, fine and additions
imposed by a Taxing Authority with respect to any such amounts, including Tax unity obligations and Tax sharing agreements.

Tax Return
shall mean any return, declaration, report, form, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes that is filed
or required to be filed with a Taxing Authority or other Governmental Entity, including any schedule or attachment thereto and any amendment
thereof in connection with the determination, assessment,
collection or payment of any Tax or in connection with the administration, implementation or enforcement of or compliance with any Law
relating to any Tax.

20

Taxing Authority
shall mean any Tax authority or other authority competent to impose, assess or enforce any liability to Tax in any jurisdiction.

Telecommunications
Regulatory Authorities shall mean any Governmental Entities that regulate electronic communications, telecommunications facilities
or telecommunications services in the jurisdictions in which the Company or its Subsidiaries have such facilities or conduct business
as of the date of this Agreement.

Third Party Indebtedness
means, with respect to a Person, the Indebtedness of such Person owed to any lenders or other creditors that are not Affiliates of such
Person.

Trade Secrets
shall mean any and all trade secrets and rights in technology, discoveries and improvements, inventions (whether or not patentable), know-how,
proprietary rights, formulae, confidential and proprietary information, technical information, techniques, inventions (including conceptions
and/or reductions to practice), databases and data, pricing and cost information, business and marketing plans and proposals, and customer
and supplier lists (including lists of prospects) and related information, designs, drawings, procedures, processes, algorithms, models,
formulations, manuals and systems, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, each to the extent owned or used by the Group Companies.

Trademarks
shall mean any and all trademarks, service marks, trade names, business marks, service names, brand names, trade dress rights, logos,
corporate names, trade styles, and other source or business identifiers and general intangibles of a like nature, together with the goodwill
associated with any of the foregoing, along with all applications, registrations, renewals and extensions thereof and any common law rights
with respect thereto.

Transaction Documents
shall mean this Agreement, the SPAC Support Agreement, the Sponsor Agreement, the Transfer Deed, the Seller Loan Note, the Plan of Merger,
the Registration Rights Agreement, the Seller Lock-up Agreement, the Amended and Restated New PubCo Governing Documents and all the agreements
documents, instruments and certificates entered into in connection herewith or therewith and any and all exhibits and schedules thereto.

Transaction Litigation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.18.

Transactions
shall mean the transactions contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, including the Merger, the Sale, and the PIPE Investments.

Transfer Deed
shall mean the notarial instrument for the transfer of the Company Shares from the Seller to New PubCo, which notarial instrument shall
be executed by a civil-law notary practicing in the Netherlands and shall evidence such transfer.

Transfer Taxes
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.14(b).

Trust Account
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.13(a).

Trust Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.13(a).

Trust Termination
Letter shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.

21

U.S. GAAP
shall mean U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Ukraine Invasion
shall mean the invasion of Ukraine by the military forces of the Russian Federation or otherwise related to the Russian Federation, including:
(a) all related acts of war, military actions, hostilities, and conflicts; (b) any potential continuation, escalation, suspension, or
resolution thereof in any form and on any terms; and (c) all actual or potential, direct or indirect effects or implications thereof on
the economic, financial, geopolitical, regulatory, operational, legal, or reputational aspects of the business, assets, infrastructure,
supply chains, customer base, or markets in which the Group Companies operate, both within the affected regions of Ukraine and globally.

Ukraine Invasion
Measures shall mean (a) any Sanctions Laws, martial Laws or Orders, or any other similar Laws or Orders or (b) any measures,
decisions, actions, activities, conduct, or omissions of third Persons directly or indirectly affecting the Group Companies, in each case
in connection with or as a result of the Ukraine Invasion.

Ukrainian Group
Companies shall mean Kyivstar JSC, Helsi Ukraine LLC, Kyivstar.Tech LLC and Lan Trace LLC and each of their Subsidiaries, from
time to time.

Ukrainian Group
Companies Equity Interests shall mean the Equity Interests of the Ukrainian Group Companies excluding the Kyivstar Minority
Shares and the Helsi Minority Shares.

Unit Separation
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a).

VEON D&O Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.13(a)(i).

VEON Disclosure
Schedule has the meaning set forth in the lead-in to Article IV.

VEON Fundamental
Representations shall mean the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4,
4.5(b), 4.7 and 4.21.

VEON Group
shall mean VEON Ltd. and its Affiliates from time to time, excluding the Company Parties and the Group Companies.

VEON Intermediate
Holdings shall mean VEON Intermediate Holdings B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met
beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel)
under number 95883479.

VEON Ltd.
shall mean VEON Ltd., an exempted company with limited liability, incorporated and existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration
number 43271, with its registered office at Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM10, Bermuda, and its principal business address
at Index Tower (East Tower), Unit 1703, DIFC (Dubai International Financial Center), United Arab Emirates.

VEON MidCo
shall mean VEON MidCo B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated
under Dutch law and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 95883657.

VEON Pre-Closing
Steps shall mean (a) the Demerger; (b) the Old Bonds Repayment; (c) the New Bonds Repayment; (d) the 2027 Bonds Transfer; (e)
completion of the exchange of any relevant Old Bonds for Exchange New Bonds to the extent the corresponding series of New Bonds remains
outstanding when such exchange is requested by a relevant Old Bonds Holder, all in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Old Bonds Consent Solicitations;
(f) payment by the Seller to the Company of any Repayment Amounts pursuant to Section 7.20 in respect of any Request for Funds
received by the Seller.

22

VEON SEC Reports
shall mean the forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed or furnished by VEON Ltd. with the SEC under
the Exchange Act or the Securities Act since the Reference Date to the date of this Agreement, together with any amendments, restatements
or supplements thereto (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date of this Agreement).

Waiving Parties
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.15.

Willful Breach
shall mean, with respect to any Person and any agreement to which such Person is a party, such Persons material breach of any of
its covenants or other agreements set forth in such agreement, which material breach constitutes, or is a consequence of, a purposeful
act or failure to act by such Person with the knowledge that the taking of such act or failure to take such act would cause a material
breach of such covenant or agreement.

Working Hours
shall mean 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (based on the time at the location of the address of the recipient of the relevant notice) on a Business
Day.

Article II

The Sale AND THE MERGER

2.1.Sale. At the Sale Effective Time, the Seller and New PubCo will consummate the Sale by means of the execution of the Transfer
Deed. As a result, following the Sale, the Company shall become a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of New PubCo.

2.2.Merger. On the first Business Day following the date that includes the Sale Effective Time, at the Merger Effective Time,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into the SPAC upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Plan of
Merger and in accordance with the Companies Act. As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease
and the SPAC will continue as the surviving company of the Merger under the Companies Act (the SPAC, in its capacity as the surviving
company of the Merger, is sometimes referred to as the Surviving Company). As a result, following the Merger, the
shares of the Surviving Company will be directly and solely held by New PubCo, and the Surviving Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary
of New PubCo.

2.3.Closing; Effective Times.

(a)Unless this Agreement has been terminated and the Transactions have been abandoned pursuant to Article IX of this Agreement,
and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII of this Agreement, the Closing will
occur by electronic exchange of documents at a time and date to be specified in writing by the Parties which will be no later than three Business
Days after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII (other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each such conditions), or at such other time, date and
place as the SPAC and the Seller may mutually agree in writing; provided that such day is not a Friday. The date on which the Merger
actually takes place is referred to as the Closing Date.

(b)Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Parties shall cause the Merger
to be consummated by entering into a plan of merger in form and substance that is reasonably acceptable to the Parties (the Plan
of Merger) and filing the Plan of Merger with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands (the Cayman Registrar)
in accordance with the Companies Act (the Merger becoming effective
at such date the Plan of Merger is duly registered with the Cayman Registrar (or such later date as may be agreed by each of the Parties
and specified in such Plan of Merger in accordance with the Companies Act) being the Merger Effective Time and, together
with the Sale Effective Time, the Effective Times), together with any required related certificates or other documents
as may be required in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act.

23

2.4.Effect of Merger. At the Merger Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement, the Plan
of Merger, and the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto,
at the Merger Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, debts, liabilities, duties and
obligations of the SPAC and Merger Sub shall vest in and become the property, rights, privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, debts,
liabilities, duties and obligations of the Surviving Company (including all rights and obligations with respect to the Trust Account),
which shall include the assumption by the Surviving Company of any and all agreements, covenants, duties and obligations of the SPAC and
Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the SPAC or Merger Sub is a party, and following the
Merger Effective Time, the Surviving Company shall thereafter exist as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New PubCo and the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease to exist.

2.5.Governing Documents.

(a)At the Merger Effective Time, the Merger Sub Governing Documents, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time,
shall be adopted by the Surviving Company as the Surviving Company Governing Documents from and after the Merger Effective Time, except
such documents shall be amended to change the name of the Surviving Company to Kyivstar Cayman Corp., until thereafter amended
as provided by applicable Laws and such documents.

(b)On the Closing Date, effective as of immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, the Amended and Restated New PubCo Governing
Documents shall be adopted, until thereafter amended as provided by applicable Laws and such documents.

2.6.Directors and Officers.

(a)The Parties shall cause the initial directors and officers of the Surviving Company immediately following the Merger Effective
Time to be comprised of the directors and officers (if any) of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, each to hold
office in accordance with the Surviving Company Governing Documents.

(b)From and after the Merger Effective Time, until successors are duly elected or appointed, as applicable, and qualified in accordance
with applicable Laws and the Amended and Restated New PubCo Governing Documents, the directors and officers of New PubCo shall be the
directors and officers as designated by the Parties pursuant to Section 7.15.

Article III

CLOSING TRANSACTIONS

3.1.Sale. At the Sale Effective Time, by virtue of the Sale and the execution of the Transfer Deed, the Company Shares held
by the Seller shall be sold and transferred to New PubCo, free and clear of all Liens (other than potential restrictions on resale under
applicable securities laws), and the Seller shall (a) subscribe and be issued, in exchange for such Company Shares, the New PubCo Common
Shares equal to the Seller Share Consideration Number and (b) be issued by New PubCo the Seller Loan Note in the amount equal to the Seller
Loan Note Consideration Amount.

24

3.2.Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Plan of Merger, and the Companies Act, by virtue
of the Merger and without any further action on the part of the Parties or any other Person, the following shall occur:

(a)Treatment of the SPAC Units. Each SPAC Unit, that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time,
shall be automatically detached and the holder thereof shall be deemed to hold one SPAC Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of a SPAC
Public Warrant in accordance with the terms of the applicable SPAC Unit (the Unit Separation), provided that no fractional
SPAC Public Warrant will be issued in connection with the Unit Separation such that if a holder of SPAC Units would be entitled to receive
a fractional SPAC Public Warrant upon the Unit Separation, the number of SPAC Public Warrants to be issued to such holder upon the Unit
Separation shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of SPAC Public Warrants. The underlying securities of the SPAC held or deemed
to be held following the Unit Separation shall be further converted in accordance with the applicable terms of this Section 3.2.

(b)Cancellation of Certain SPAC Ordinary Shares. As further described in, and pursuant to, the Sponsor Agreement, on the Closing
Date, immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time: (i) 2,155,000 SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered
by the Sponsor to the SPAC and the SPAC shall cause such shares to be automatically cancelled and no longer outstanding without any conversion
thereof or payment or other consideration therefor and no SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares, New PubCo Common Shares or other consideration
shall be issued or issuable in exchange therefor (the Forfeited Sponsor Shares); and (ii) each SPAC Ordinary Share,
that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, owned by the SPAC as a treasury share immediately prior
to the Merger Effective Time, shall automatically be cancelled without any conversion thereof or payment or other consideration therefor
and no SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares, New PubCo Common Shares or other consideration shall be issued or issuable in exchange therefor (the
Cancelled Treasury Shares).

(c)Conversion of SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares. Each SPAC Class B Ordinary Share, that is issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Merger Effective Time (except for the Forfeited Sponsor Shares and the Cancelled Treasury Shares), shall be automatically
converted into and shall represent only the right to be issued one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable SPAC Class A Ordinary
Share pursuant to and in accordance with the conversion mechanics set forth in Article 17.2 of the SPAC Governing Documents (without giving
effect to the adjustments set forth in Article 17.3 thereof) and following such conversion, each SPAC Class B Ordinary Share shall no
longer be outstanding, and each former holder of SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares shall thereafter cease to have any rights with respect to
such securities.

(d)Conversion of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares. As of the Merger Effective Time, each SPAC Class A Ordinary Share that is issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time after giving effect to the SPAC Shareholder Redemptions, including
(i) the SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares held as a result of the Unit Separation set forth in Section 3.2(a), and (ii) the SPAC Class
A Ordinary Shares converted as a result of SPAC Class B Ordinary Share conversion set forth in Section 3.2(c), but excluding (x)
the Forfeited Sponsor Shares and (y) the Cancelled Treasury Shares, shall be automatically cancelled in exchange for the right to be issued
one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable New PubCo Common Share.

(e)Cancellation of Merger Sub Ordinary Shares. Each Merger Sub Ordinary Share, that is issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Merger Effective Time, shall be automatically cancelled in exchange for one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable Surviving
Company Ordinary Share. The Surviving Company Ordinary Shares shall have the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and shall constitute the only
issued and outstanding share capital of the Surviving Company.

25

(f)Treatment of SPAC Warrants.

(i)Each SPAC Public Warrant, that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time, whether or not vested,
including the SPAC Public Warrants held as a result of the Unit Separation pursuant to Section 3.2(a), shall remain outstanding
but shall be automatically converted to become one New PubCo Public Warrant. All rights with respect to SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares under
SPAC Public Warrants that will be converted into New PubCo Public Warrants shall thereupon be converted into rights with respect to New
PubCo Common Shares. Accordingly, from and after the Merger Effective Time: (A) each SPAC Public Warrant converted into a New PubCo Public
Warrant as a result of the Merger may be exercised solely for New PubCo Common Shares; (B) the number of New PubCo Common Shares subject
to each such New PubCo Public Warrant shall be the number of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares that were subject to such SPAC Public Warrant,
as in effect immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time; (C) the per share exercise price for the New PubCo Common Shares issuable
upon exercise of each such New PubCo Public Warrant shall be the per share exercise price of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares subject to such
SPAC Public Warrant, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time; and (D) any restriction on the exercise of any such
SPAC Public Warrant shall continue in full force and effect and the term, exercisability, vesting schedule and other provisions of such
SPAC Public Warrant shall otherwise remain unchanged; provided, however, that to the extent provided under the terms of
a SPAC Public Warrant, such SPAC Public Warrant converted into a New PubCo Public Warrant in accordance with this Section 3.2(f)
shall, in accordance with its terms, be subject to further adjustment as appropriate to reflect any share split, division or subdivision
of shares, share dividend or distribution (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into New PubCo Common Shares),
reorganization, combination, exchange of shares, reverse share split, consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other
like change with respect to New PubCo Common Shares subsequent to the Merger Effective Time.

(ii)As further described in, and pursuant to, the Sponsor Agreement, each SPAC Placement Warrant that is outstanding immediately prior
to the Merger Effective Time shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist and no New PubCo Public Warrant or other consideration
shall be delivered or deliverable in exchange therefor.

(iii)The Parties shall take all lawful actions to effect the aforesaid provisions of this Section 3.2(f), including causing the
SPAC Warrant Agreement to be amended or amended and restated to the extent necessary to give effect to this Section 3.2(f), including
adding New PubCo as a party thereto.

3.3.Exchange Procedures. Following the date hereof and prior to the Merger Effective Time, New PubCo shall appoint an exchange
agent reasonably acceptable to the SPAC, New PubCo and the Seller (the Exchange Agent) to act as the exchange agent
in connection with the Sale and the Merger and, if required by the Exchange Agent, enter into an exchange agent agreement with the Exchange
Agent (the Exchange Agent Agreement) in form and substance that is reasonably acceptable to the SPAC, New PubCo and
the Seller; provided, however, that Continental Trust is deemed to be reasonably acceptable to the SPAC, New PubCo
and the Seller.

26

3.4.Issuance of the Seller Consideration and the SPAC Shareholder Consideration.

(a)In
accordance with the procedures to be agreed upon with the Exchange Agent, New PubCo shall issue (i) at the Sale Effective Time, to
the Seller, the number of New PubCo Common Shares to which the Seller is entitled in respect of its Company Shares pursuant to Section 3.1;
and (ii) at or after the Merger Effective Time, to each SPAC Shareholder, the number of New PubCo Common Shares to which such SPAC
Shareholder is entitled in respect of its SPAC Ordinary Shares pursuant to Section 3.2. For illustrative purposes only,
and assuming that (i) no SPAC Shareholder exercises its right to participate in the SPAC Shareholder Redemption and (ii) no New
PubCo Common Shares are issued pursuant to any PIPE Subscription Agreements, immediately following the consummation of the
Transactions, the capital structure of New PubCo will be substantially as set out in Exhibit B.

(b)No fractional New PubCo Common Share will be issued in connection with the Sale or the Merger such that if the Seller or a SPAC
Shareholder would be entitled to receive a fractional New PubCo Common Share at the Sale Effective Time or the Merger Effective Time,
respectively, the number of New PubCo Common Shares to be issued to such Person shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of New
PubCo Common Shares.

(c)The number of New PubCo Common Shares that each Person is entitled to receive as a result of the Sale, the Merger and as otherwise
contemplated by this Agreement shall be adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split, share subdivision, split-up,
reverse share split, share consolidation, share subdivision, share dividend or distribution (including any dividend or distribution of
securities convertible into New PubCo Common Shares), extraordinary cash dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to New PubCo Common Shares occurring on or after the date hereof and
prior to the Closing.

(d)If for any reason the Seller Share Consideration Number, as determined in accordance with this Agreement (i.e., calculated in accordance
with the definition thereof) would result in the Seller owning, immediately after the Merger Effective Time, less than 80% of the Fully
Diluted Share Count, then New PubCo, the Company and the SPAC will work together reasonably and in good faith in respect of the actions
described on Schedule II attached hereto.

3.5.SPAC Financing Certificate. No later than two Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the SPAC shall deliver to the Seller
notice (the SPAC Financing Certificate) setting forth: (a) the aggregate amount of cash proceeds that will be
required to satisfy any exercise of the SPAC Shareholder Redemptions; (b) the amount of SPAC Cash as of immediately following the
Closing, but prior to the release of the funds in the Trust Account pursuant to Section 7.12; (c) the aggregate amount, and a list,
of SPAC Transaction Expenses, including the Outstanding SPAC Transaction Expenses, together with written invoices and wire transfer instructions
for the payment of the Outstanding SPAC Transaction Expenses, as of the Closing; (d) the number and class of shares of SPAC Ordinary
Shares to be outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing after giving effect to the SPAC Shareholder Redemptions; and (e)
the number of New PubCo Common Shares to be issued pursuant to the PIPE Subscription Agreements, if any. The Seller and its Representatives
shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and to discuss with the SPAC and its Representatives the documentation provided pursuant
to this Section 3.5 and any relevant books and records of the SPAC. The SPAC and its Representatives shall reasonably assist
and cooperate with the Seller and its Representatives in their review of the documentation and shall consider in good faith the comments
of the Seller. The SPAC may update the SPAC Financing Certificate from time to time through the date of the Special Meeting to reflect
changes in facts due to reversals of redemptions agreed to prior to the Special Meeting.

27

3.6.Seller Financing Certificate. No later than two Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Seller shall deliver to the
SPAC written notice (the Seller Financing Certificate) setting forth: (a) the aggregate amount, and a list, of Seller
Transaction Expenses, including the Outstanding Seller Transaction Expenses, together with written invoices and wire transfer instructions
for the payment of the Outstanding Seller Transaction Expenses and for the reimbursement of all other Seller Transaction Expenses; (b)
the Adjusted Cash; (c) the Seller Loan Note Consideration
Amount; and (d) the Seller Share Consideration Number. The SPAC and its Representatives shall have a reasonable opportunity to review
and to discuss with the Seller and its Representatives the documentation provided pursuant to this Section 3.6 and any relevant
books and records. The Seller and its Representatives shall reasonably assist and cooperate with the SPAC and its Representatives in their
review of the documentation and shall consider in good faith the comments of the SPAC.

3.7.Withholding Taxes. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Exchange Agent, the SPAC, the Seller,
New PubCo and their respective Affiliates shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to
this Agreement any amount required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such payment (and any other amounts treated
as consideration for purposes of applicable Tax Laws) as required by applicable Laws (as determined in good faith and subject to the requirements
of this Section 3.7). Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (a) avail itself of any available exemptions
from, or any refunds, credits or other recovery of, any such Tax deductions and withholdings and shall cooperate with the other Parties
in providing any information and documentation that may be necessary to obtain such exemptions, refunds, credits or other recovery and
(b) eliminate or minimize the amount of any such Tax deductions and withholdings. To the extent that amounts are so deducted and
withheld and paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, such deducted and withheld amounts shall
be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which such deduction and withholding was
made.

3.8.Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after the Merger Effective Time, any further action is necessary
or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Company following the Merger with full right, title
and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Merger Sub, and to vest the Surviving Company following
the Merger with full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the SPAC, the officers
and directors, (or their designees) of the Seller, New PubCo and Merger Sub, on the one hand, and the SPAC, on the other hand, are fully
authorized in the name of their respective entities or otherwise to take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary action, so long
as such action is not inconsistent with this Agreement.

28

Article IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF the Seller, THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO, and MERGER SUB

Except (a) as set forth in
the disclosure schedules delivered by the Seller and the Company Parties to the SPAC concurrently with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement (the VEON Disclosure Schedules) and (b) as disclosed in the VEON SEC Reports filed with or furnished to
the SEC prior to the second business day (as defined by the SEC) prior to the date of this Agreement and publicly available on EDGAR (but
excluding any redacted words, any disclosure contained under the heading Risk Factors or any disclosure of risks included
in any forward-looking statements disclaimer and any other information, statement or other disclosure contained in the VEON
SEC Reports that is similarly cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature (other than any historical or factual matters) and provided,
that in the case of disclosure in any such VEON SEC Reports that such disclosure shall be deemed to relate to and qualify only those particular
representations and warranties contained in this Article IV where it is reasonably apparent on its face from the substance
of the matter disclosed that the information relates or is relevant to that representation or warranty), the Seller,
the Company, New PubCo and Merger Sub hereby represents and warrants to the SPAC as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as follows:

4.1.Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Seller and each Group Company is a legal entity duly organized and validly
existing and in good standing under the Laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization. The Seller and each Group Company (a) has
all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on the Group Business
and (b) is qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other legal entity in each jurisdiction where
it is conducting its business or the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties or conduct of the Group Business requires such
qualification, except in the case of clauses (a) and (b) where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, or to
have such power or authority, would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Seller (solely
with respect to its ownership of the Group Companies) nor any Group Company is, in any material respect, in default or in violation of
any provisions of its respective organizational documents. The organizational documents of each Group Company have been made available
to the SPAC and are true and correct as amended through the date hereof and are in full force and effect.

4.2.New PubCo and Merger Sub.

(a)New PubCo is a company duly incorporated with limited liability, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Bermuda.
Merger Sub is an exempted company duly incorporated with limited liability, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Cayman Islands. Each of New PubCo and Merger Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets
and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except as would not be material to New PubCo and Merger Sub,
taken as a whole, or have a Group Material Adverse Effect. True, complete and correct copies of the New PubCo Governing Documents and
Merger Sub Governing Documents as currently in effect as of the date of this Agreement have been made available to the SPAC. Neither New
PubCo nor Merger Sub is in breach or violation of any of the provisions of the New PubCo Governing Documents or Merger Sub Governing Documents,
respectively, in any material respect. Each of New PubCo and Merger Sub is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign corporation
or limited liability company in, and is in good standing under the Laws of, each jurisdiction in which it is conducting its business,
or the operation, ownership or leasing of its properties, makes such qualification or licensing necessary other than in such jurisdictions
where the failure to so qualify would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Other than New PubCos ownership of Merger Sub Ordinary Shares, neither of New PubCo or Merger Sub (i) has any direct or
indirect Subsidiaries or participates in joint ventures or other entities, nor owns, directly or indirectly, any equity interests or other
interests or investments (whether equity or debt) in any Person or (ii) has any assets or properties of any kind other than those incident
to its formation and this Agreement. Neither of New PubCo or Merger Sub currently conducts, or has ever conducted, any business except
as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the Transactions. New PubCo and Merger Sub are entities that have been incorporated
solely for the purpose of engaging in the Transactions.

(c)As of the date hereof, all issued and outstanding equity interests of (i) New PubCo are directly owned by the Seller and (ii) securities
of Merger Sub are directly owned by New PubCo, in each case free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens).

29

(d)Each
of New PubCo and Merger Sub has the requisite power and authority to: (i) execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and each ancillary document that it has executed or delivered or is to execute or
deliver pursuant to this Agreement; and (ii) carry out its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents and to consummate the Transactions (including the Merger). The execution and delivery by New PubCo and Merger Sub of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which either of them is a party, and the consummation by New PubCo and Merger Sub
of the Transactions (including the Merger) have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
each of New PubCo and Merger Sub, respectively, and no other proceedings on the part of New PubCo or Merger Sub are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which any of them is a party or to consummate the transactions
contemplated thereby. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which any of them is a party have been duly and validly
executed and delivered by New PubCo and/or Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the
other parties thereto, constitute the legal and binding obligations of New PubCo and Merger Sub (as applicable), enforceable against
New PubCo and Merger Sub (as applicable) in accordance with their terms, except insofar as enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally or by principles governing the availability of equitable remedies. 

4.3.Capitalization.

(a)The issued and outstanding equity securities of the Company consist solely of the Company Shares, which are owned of record and
beneficially by the Seller. All of the Company Shares have been duly authorized, and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. None
of the outstanding Equity Interests of any of the Group Companies were issued in violation of the Group Companies Governing Documents
of such Group Company.

(b)The Seller owns, of record and beneficially, all of the Company Shares, free and clear of all Liens (other than any transfer restrictions
imposed by federal and state securities laws). At the Closing, the Seller will convey and deliver to New PubCo good and valid title to
and ownership of the Company Shares, free and clear of all Liens (other than any transfer restrictions imposed by federal and state securities
laws).

(c)There are no preemptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion rights, stock appreciation rights, redemption
rights, repurchase rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character under which any of the Group Companies is or may become
obligated to issue or sell, or giving any Person a right to subscribe for or acquire, or in any way dispose of, any Equity Interests of
such Group Company, or any securities or obligations exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into, such Equity Interests, or any
tag-along, drag-along or similar rights with respect to such Equity Interests, and no securities or obligations
evidencing such rights are authorized, issued or outstanding. The Equity Interests of the Group Companies are not subject to any voting
trust agreement or other Contract restricting or otherwise relating to the voting, dividend rights or disposition of such Equity Interests.
There are no phantom stock or similar rights providing economic benefits based, directly or indirectly, on the value or price of the Equity
Interests of any Group Company.

(d)Other than the Kyivstar Minority Shares and the Helsi Minority Shares, the Company beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, all
of the Ukrainian Group Companies, free and clear of all Liens (other than any transfer restrictions imposed by federal and state securities
and corporate laws). All of the Ukrainian Group Companies Equity Interests are duly authorized, and are validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable. Except in respect of any Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities (as each term is defined in the Demerger Proposal) which
are and will held by the Company only until the consummation of the Demerger, the Company has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries other
than the Ukrainian Group Companies.

30

4.4.Authority; Approval. Each of the Seller and the Company has all requisite corporate or other organizational power and authority
to execute and deliver each of the Transaction Documents to which it is or shall be a party, to perform its obligations thereunder and
to consummate the Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents. The execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement by the Seller and the Company have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary organizational action on the part
of the Seller and the Company, as applicable. The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Transaction Documents to which the
Seller or the Company is or will be a party has been, or at the Closing will be, duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate
or other action on the part of such Person. This Agreement has been, and each of the other Transaction Documents will be at Closing, duly
executed and delivered by the Seller and the Company and, when executed and delivered by the SPAC, New PubCo and the other parties hereto
and thereto, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Seller and the Company, enforceable against such party pursuant to its
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, preferential transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar Laws relating
to or affecting creditors rights generally and subject to the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) (the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception).

4.5.Governmental Filings; No Violations.

(a)Other than the filing of the Plan of Merger, no notices, reports or other filings are required to be made by the Seller or the
Company with, nor are any Permits required to be obtained by the Seller or the Company from, any Governmental Entity, in connection with
the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Seller or the Company or the consummation of the Transactions
and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except those that the failure to make or obtain would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect.

(b)The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller and the Company of the Transaction Documents to which they are a party do
not, and the consummation of the Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall not, conflict with
or result in any violation of or default (with or without notice, lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination,
loss of rights, adverse modification of provisions, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation under, or result in the creation of
any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of Group Companies, in each case, (i) under any provision of
(A) the Seller Governing Documents or any of the Group Companies Governing Documents, as applicable, (B) any (1) Group Company Material
Contract or (2) material Permit, (C) assuming (solely with respect to performance of the Transaction Documents and consummation of the
Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents) compliance with any Law to which any of the Group Companies
is subject, or (ii) result in the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any of the assets or properties of any Group Company,
except, in the case of clauses (i) through (ii) above, for any such breach, violation, termination, default, creation or
acceleration that would not have a Group Material Adverse Effect.

4.6.Financial Statements.

(a)Section 4.6(a) of the VEON Disclosure Schedule attaches true and complete copies of (a) the audited combined statement of
financial position of the Group Companies as of December 31, 2023, the unaudited combined statement of financial position of the Group
Companies as of December 31, 2024, the audited combined statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net investment, and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2023, the unaudited combined statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net investment,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024, together with (with respect to such audited financial
statements) the independent auditors report thereon (collectively, the Signing Date Financial Statements,
and the Signing Date Financial Statements together with the PCAOB Audited
Financials, the Financial Statements). The Signing Date Financial Statements present fairly, and when delivered the
PCAOB Audited Financials will present fairly, in all material respects, the combined financial position, results of operations, and cash
flows of the Group Companies as of the dates and for the periods indicated in such Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS and the
Signing Date Financial Statements were derived from and when delivered the PCAOB Audited Financials will be derived from, and accurately
reflect in all material respects, the books and records of the Group Companies.

31

(b)The Group Companies maintain, with respect to the Group Business, materially adequate and effective internal accounting controls
which have been designed to provide reasonable assurance that (i) the control objectives have minimized the risk of material financial
misstatement, (ii) all information concerning the Group Business is made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the
preparation of the Financial Statements, (iii) unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the properties or assets of the Group Business
that could have a material effect on the Financial Statements is prevented or timely detected, and (iv) all transactions are accurately
recorded in the correct period as necessary to permit the preparation of the Financial Statements and disclosures in conformity with the
IFRS. Since the Reference Date, except as would not be material to the Group Business, taken as a whole, there has not been any significant
deficiency or material weakness identified in the Sellers internal accounting controls with respect to the Group Business.

(c)Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Group Business, taken as a whole, since the Reference Date, (i)
neither the Seller nor any of the Group Companies nor their external auditor has (A) identified any fraud that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the Sellers or any of the Group Companys financial reporting in respect of
the Group Companies or (B) has received any written, or to the Knowledge of VEON, oral, material complaint, allegation or claim regarding
the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Group Business or their respective internal accounting
controls and (ii) there have been no internal investigations by the Seller (solely with respect to its ownership of the Group Companies)
or the Group Companies regarding financial reporting.

(d)Except (i) as adequately set forth in the Financial Statements, (ii) for Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business
since the Reference Date (and not resulting from breach of contract or warranty, infringement, tort, claim, or Proceeding), (iii) for
Liabilities incurred pursuant to the Transaction Documents and (iv) for Liabilities that would not reasonably be expected to be, individually
or in the aggregate, adverse to the Group Business, taken as a whole, in any material respect, there are no Liabilities of the Group Business.

4.7.Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, since December 31, 2024, through the date
of this Agreement, (a) each of the Group Companies has conducted its business in the ordinary course of business in all material respects,
having regard to the Ukraine Invasion and the relevant Ukraine Invasion Measures; (b) there has not been, individually or in the aggregate,
any Group Material Adverse Effect; and (c) no Ukrainian Group Company has taken or agreed upon any action that would be prohibited by
Section 6.1(g), (j), (l), (m), (n), (o) or (r) if such action were taken after the date
hereof without the consent of the SPAC.

4.8.Data Privacy and Security. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect:

(a)To the Knowledge of VEON, since the Reference Date, the Group Companies (i) are in compliance with applicable Data Protection Requirements
in all material respects and (ii) have used commercially reasonable measures, consistent with accepted industry practices, designed to
ensure the confidentiality, privacy and security of Personal
Information within the possession or control of the Group Companies.

32

(b)The Group Companies have taken commercially reasonable steps and implemented commercially reasonable safeguards, consistent with
industry practices, designed to protect the Group IT Assets from unauthorized access and from any disabling codes, spyware, Trojan horses,
worms, viruses or other Software routines that permit or cause unauthorized access to, or unauthorized disruption, impairment, disablement
or destruction of, Software or data.

(c)The Group Companies own or have valid rights, pursuant to the terms in written Contracts, to use and access all Group IT Assets.

(d)The Group IT Assets (i) are generally sufficient for the current needs of the Group Business and (ii) to the Knowledge of VEON,
do not contain any material faults, disabling codes or other Malware.

(e)Since the Reference Date, the Company and its Subsidiaries have used commercially reasonable efforts to implement and maintain
physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures, procedures and policies in material compliance with applicable
Privacy Laws, including security measures, to the extent required under applicable Privacy Laws, to protect the Group IT Assets and Personal
Information stored therein against loss and unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure or other misuse by third parties, and protect
the Group IT Assets from unauthorized use, access or interruption by third parties;

(f)Since the Reference Date (i) to the Knowledge of VEON, the conduct of the Group Business is and has been in compliance in all material
respects with all Data Protection Requirements to which a Group Company is a party or is otherwise bound and (ii) no material litigation
or other disputes alleging noncompliance with Data Protection Requirements in connection with the conduct of the business are pending
or threatened in writing against any Group Company.

4.9.Real Property; Title to Property.

(a)Section 4.9(a) of the VEON Disclosure Schedule lists the top ten real estate complexes, each of which is comprised of several
real properties combined for a common commercial purpose, owned by a Group Company as of the date hereof.

(b)Section 4.9(b) of the VEON Disclosure Schedule lists the top ten material real property leases, to which a Group Company
is a party as a lessee as of the date hereof (the Company Material Leased Properties). As of the date hereof, the
applicable Group Company has a valid, binding and enforceable leasehold interest under each of the leases in respect of the Company Material
Leased Properties, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), and each of the leases and other material documents related
to any Company Material Leased Properties to which it is a party as of the date hereof (collectively, the Company Material Leases)
is in full force and effect as of the date hereof, except insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by principles governing the availability of
equitable remedies or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect. No Group Company is in breach
of or default under any Company Material Lease, and, to the Knowledge of VEON, no event has occurred and no circumstance exists which,
if not remedied, and whether with or without notice or the passage of time or both, would result in such a breach or default, except for
such breaches or defaults as would not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to be material to the Group Companies taken
as a whole. To the Knowledge of VEON, (i) there are no pending condemnation proceedings with respect to any of the Company
Material Leased Properties, and (ii) the current use of the Company Material Leased Properties does not violate any local planning, zoning
or similar land use restrictions of any Governmental Entity in any material respect. No Group Company has received or given any written
notice of any material default or event that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a breach or default by any Group
Company under any of the Company Material Leases and, to the Knowledge of VEON, no other party is in breach or default thereof, except
for such breaches or defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Group Companies,
taken as a whole. As of the date of this Agreement, to the Knowledge of VEON, no party to any Company Material Lease has exercised
any termination rights with respect thereto. No Person other than the Group Companies has the right to use the Company Material Leased
Properties, except as subleased by the respective Group Company to another Group Company.

33

(c)For purposes of this Section 4.9, in no event shall any telecommunications facilities and telecommunication equipment, including
any towers, be deemed to be real property owned or leased by any Group Company.

(d)A Group Company has good and valid title to, a valid leasehold interest in, or other right to use, each material asset, property
and right leased, used or owned (or purported to be owned) by the Group Business, free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens
and except for dispositions of assets after the date of the Financial Statements in the ordinary course of business or not prohibited
by this Agreement. The assets, properties and rights of the Group Business are in good general operating condition (ordinary wear and
tear excepted) and are adequate for the uses to which they are currently being put, in each case, except as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect. The telecommunications facilities and telecommunications equipment operated by
the Group Companies, taken as a whole, are, in all material respects, working, functional, fit for the purpose intended, have been maintained,
subject to ordinary wear and tear, in good repair and working order condition and are without any material defects for purposes of operating
the Group Business.

4.10.Assets. At the Closing, the properties, assets, rights and interests of the Group Companies, will constitute all of the
properties, assets, rights and interests that are necessary and sufficient to operate the Group Business in all material respects following
the Closing in the same manner as conducted as of the date hereof and as of the Closing by the Group Companies and have been maintained
in accordance with generally applicable accepted industry practice, are in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear
excepted, and are adequate and suitable for the uses to which they are being put, in each case, in all material respects. Nothing in this
Section 4.10 constitutes a representation or warranty with respect to (a) the adequacy of the amounts of cash or working capital
(or the availability of the same) or (b) the number of customers or subscribers of the Group Business as of the Closing. The Company has
no assets or liabilities other than as described in schedule IV of the Demerger Proposal.

4.11.Employees.

(a)Except as set forth in Section 4.11(a) of the VEON Disclosure Schedules, no Group Company is: (i) a party to or otherwise
bound by any collective bargaining or other type of union agreement; (ii) a party to, involved in, the subject of, or to the Knowledge
of VEON, threatened by, any labor dispute, unfair labor practice charge or complaint, grievance or labor arbitration; or (iii) currently
negotiating any collective bargaining agreement to which any Group Company is or would be a party. No Group Company has experienced any
strike, lockout, slowdown or work stoppage at any time, nor, to the Knowledge of VEON, is any such action threatened. There is not pending,
nor has there ever been, any union election petition, demand for recognition, or, to the Knowledge of VEON, union organizing activity
by or for the benefit of the employees of any Group Company or otherwise affecting any Group Company.

34

(b) Each Group Company has been and is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws respecting labor, employment
and employment practices, including all applicable Laws respecting terms and conditions of employment, wages and hours, unemployment insurance,
workers compensation, equal employment opportunity, discrimination and retaliation, immigration, and the payment and withholding
of Taxes. No Group Company has been or is engaged in any unfair labor practice. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Group Material Adverse Effect, there are no pending or to the Knowledge of VEON, threatened, claims against
any Group Company (whether under regulation, contract, policy or otherwise) asserted by or on behalf of any present or former employee
or job applicant of a Group Company (including by any Governmental Entity) on account of or for (i) overtime pay, other than overtime
pay for work done in the current payroll period, (ii) wages or salary for a period other than the current payroll period, (iii) any amount
of vacation pay or pay in lieu of vacation time off, other than vacation time off or pay in lieu thereof earned in or in respect of the
current fiscal year, (iv) any amount of severance pay or similar benefits, (v) unemployment insurance benefits, (vi) workers compensation
or disability benefits, (vii) any violation of any statute, ordinance, order, rule or regulation relating to employment terminations or
layoffs, (viii) any violation of any statute, ordinance, order, rule or regulation relating to employee whistleblower or
right-to-know rights and protections, (ix) any violation of any statute, ordinance, order, rule or regulation relating to
the employment obligations of federal contractors or subcontractors, (x) any violation of any regulation relating to minimum wages or
maximum hours of work, (xi) discrimination, retaliation or any other violation of any Law relating to fair employment practices or equal
employment opportunities, or (xii) any violation of any other Law relating to labor, employment or employment practices, and no Group
Company is aware of any such claims which have not been asserted.

(c)Each Group Company has properly classified for all purposes (including for all Tax purposes) all employees, leased employees, agents,
consultants and independent contractors, and has withheld and paid all applicable Taxes and made all appropriate filings in connection
with services provided by such persons to each Group Company. Except as set forth in Section 4.11(c) of the VEON Disclosure Schedules,
the employment of each employee of a Group Company is terminable at will and no employee is entitled to severance pay or other benefits
following termination or resignation, except as otherwise provided by applicable Law or under any Executive Employment Contract.

(d)With respect to each Group Employee Benefit Plan: (i) such Group Employee Benefit Plan is in material compliance with the provisions
of the Laws of each jurisdiction in which such Group Employee Benefit Plan is maintained, to the extent those Laws are applicable to such
Group Employee Benefit Plan, (ii) each Group Company has complied with all applicable reporting and notice requirements, and such Group
Employee Benefit Plan has obtained from the Governmental Entity having jurisdiction with respect to such Group Employee Benefit Plan any
required determinations, if any, that such Group Employee Benefit Plan is in compliance with the Laws of the relevant jurisdiction if
such determinations are required in order to give effect to such Group Employee Benefit Plan, (iii) such Group Employee Benefit Plan has
been administered in accordance with its material terms, (iv) to the Knowledge of VEON, there are no pending investigations by any Governmental
Entity involving such Group Employee Benefit Plan, and no pending claims (except for claims for benefits payable in the normal operation
of such Group Employee Benefit Plan), suits or proceedings against such Group Employee Benefit Plan or asserting any rights or claims
to benefits under such Group Employee Benefit Plan, and (v) the consummation of the Transactions will not by itself create or otherwise
result in any Liability with respect to such Group Employee Benefit Plan.

35

4.12.Compliance and Governmental Authorizations.

(a)
Since the Reference Date, (a) the Group Companies have complied in all material respects with, and has not been in violation of any
applicable Laws with respect to the conduct of the Group Business, or the ownership or operation of the Group Business, including
Communications Laws; (b) no investigation, audit, claim, proceeding or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to any Group
Company has been pending or, to the Knowledge of VEON, threatened; and (c) no written or, to the Knowledge of VEON, oral notice of
non-compliance with any applicable Laws has been received by any Group Company.

(b)The Group Companies hold all Governmental Authorizations necessary to enable them to own, lease or operate their properties, rights
and assets and to carry on and conduct the Group Business in the manner in which such properties, rights and assets are currently owned,
leased and operated and such Group Business are currently being conducted, except where failure to hold such Governmental Authorizations
has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Group Material Adverse Effect.

(c)The Governmental Authorizations held by the Group Companies are valid, binding and in full force and effect, except where the failure
of such Governmental Authorizations to be valid and in full force and effect would not have or reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Group Material Adverse Effect.

(d)The Group Companies are in material compliance with the terms and requirements of such Governmental Authorizations, and have fulfilled
and performed all of its obligations with respect thereto, including all reports, notifications and applications required by the Communications
Laws, and the payment of all regulatory assessments, fees and contributions, except where the failure of such Governmental Authorizations
to be valid and in full force and effect would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect.

(e)Since the Reference Date, and, except as would not, individually or in aggregate, have a Group Material Adverse Effect, no Group
Company has received any written notice from any Governmental Entity or Telecommunications Regulatory Authority: (i) asserting any default
or material violation of any term or requirement of any material Governmental Authorization held by such Group Company (and to the Knowledge
of VEON no event has occurred that, with notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a default or violation); (ii) notifying
such Group Company of the revocation or withdrawal of any material Governmental Authorization held by such Group Company; or (iii) imposing
any condition, modification or amendment on any Governmental Authorization, other than such condition, modification or amendment that
would also be imposed on similarly situated holders of such Governmental Authorization.

(f)As of the date of this Agreement, no action by or before any Governmental Entity, including Telecommunications Regulatory Authority
is pending (or, to the Knowledge of VEON, is being threatened) in which the requested remedy is: (i) the revocation, suspension, cancellation,
rescission or material modification of, or the refusal to renew, any of material Governmental Authorizations; or (ii) the imposition on
any of the Group Companies of material fines, penalties or forfeitures.

4.13.Sanctions; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Export Control Laws.

(a)None of the Group Companies or, to the Knowledge of VEON, any of the Group Companies respective directors, officers, agents,
employees or, as of the date of this Agreement, Affiliates, is a Sanctioned Person.

(b)Since the Reference Date, the Group Companies and, to the Knowledge of VEON, the Group Companies respective directors, officers,
agents, employees and, as of the date this Agreement, Affiliates have, in connection with the operation
of the Group Business, been in material compliance with Sanctions Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Export Control
Laws.

36

(c)Since the Reference Date, the Group Companies have not received from Government Entities any written notices of, nor, to the Knowledge
of VEON, has any Governmental Entity initiated, any Proceedings or the imposition of any civil or criminal fine, penalty, seizure, forfeiture,
revocation of an authorization, debarment or denial of future authorizations against any of the Group Companies or any of their respective
directors, officers, agents or employees in their capacities as such or, as of the date of this Agreement and solely in respect of the
Group Business, Affiliates related to any actual or alleged violation of Sanctions Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws
or Export Control Laws.

(d)Since the Reference Date, the Group Companies have implemented and maintained adequate policies and procedures to reasonably assure
compliance with Sanctions Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Export Control Laws, and these policies and procedures
are applicable to the Group Companies and their respective directors, officers, agents, employees and Affiliates.

4.14.Environmental Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to the
Group Companies:

(a)The Group Companies are and have been in compliance with all Environmental Laws, which compliance includes obtaining, maintaining
and complying with all Governmental Entity action/filings required under applicable Environmental Laws.

(b)(i) The Group Companies possess all material Permits required by all applicable Environmental Laws (collectively, Environmental
Permits); (ii) all such Environmental Permits are valid and in full force and effect; and (iii) no Group Company is in default,
and, to the Knowledge of VEON, no condition exists that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a default, under such Environmental
Permits.

(c)No Group Company is party to any unresolved, pending or, to the Knowledge of VEON, threatened complaints, claims, actions, suits,
investigations, inquiries, notices, judgments, decrees, injunctions, orders, requests for information or proceedings arising under or
related to Environmental Laws.

4.15.Litigation. 

(a)As of the date of this Agreement, there are no, and since the Reference Date there have been no, civil, criminal or administrative
Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of VEON, threatened in writing against any Group Company or any of its properties or assets,
or any of the directors, managers or officers of any Group Company in their capacities as such, and to the Knowledge of VEON, no facts
exist that would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any such Proceeding or investigation that would, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Group Companies, taken as a whole, or prevent, materially delay or materially
impair the ability of any Group Company to timely consummate the Transactions.

(b)As
of the date of this Agreement, neither the Seller (solely with respect to its ownership of the Group Companies) nor any Group
Company is a party to or subject to (i) the provisions of any investigation or inquiry (in each case, to the extent the Seller or a
Group Company has received written notice thereof) or (ii) any Order of any Governmental Entity, in each case, that would be
material to the Group Companies, taken as a whole, or prevent,
materially delay or materially impair the ability of any Group Company to timely consummate the Transactions.

37

(c)As of the date of this Agreement, there are no, and since the Reference Date there have been no settlement or similar agreements
that imposes any material ongoing obligation or restriction on any Group Company.

4.16.Taxes. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to the Group Companies:

(a)Each Group Company has timely prepared and filed, or caused to be prepared and filed, with the appropriate Governmental Entity
or Taxing Authority, all Tax Returns of such Person that were required to be filed by it, taking into account any extensions of time to
file. All such Tax Returns are true, complete and accurate in all material respects. Each Group Company has timely paid, or caused to
be paid, all material Taxes due and payable by such Person.

(b)No material deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed, asserted or assessed in writing by any Governmental Entity or Taxing
Authority against any Group Company that are still pending. No extensions of the period for assessment of any Taxes are in effect with
respect to any material liability of any Group Company (other than extensions of time to file Tax Returns obtained in the ordinary course).

(c)There are no pending or threatened in writing audits, assessments or similar proceedings for any material liability in respect
of Taxes of any Group Company.

(d)Except with respect to consolidated, combined or similar groups the common parent of which is VEON Ltd., an exempted company limited
by shares incorporated in Bermuda (the VEON Consolidated Group), no Group Company has any material liability for
the Taxes of any other Person under applicable Law as a result of being a member of a Tax group with such Person or as a transferee or
successor.

(e)No Group Company is a party to or bound by any Tax indemnity agreement, Tax sharing agreement, Tax allocation agreement or similar
agreement (other than, in each case, (i) agreements solely between the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) agreements solely among the
members of the VEON Consolidated Group or (iii) commercial Contracts the primary purpose of which is not the indemnification or sharing
of Taxes).

(f)There are no Liens for Taxes upon any of the assets or properties of any Group Company, except for Permitted Liens.

(g)No Group Company has taken any action (nor permitted any action to be taken), and is not aware of any fact or circumstance, that
to the Knowledge of VEON would reasonably be expected to prevent, impair or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

4.17.Unique Suppliers. Section 4.17 of the VEON Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true, correct and complete list of suppliers
of products or services to the Group Companies that are material to the Group Business with respect to which practical alternative sources
of supply are not generally available on comparable terms and conditions in the marketplace.

38

4.18.Material
Suppliers. As of the date of this Agreement, and since the Reference Date, no Group Company has received any written or, to the
Knowledge of VEON, oral notice that any Group Company is in breach of or default under any Group Company Material Contract with any
Material Supplier in any material respect or that any such Material Supplier intends to cease doing business with any Group Company
or materially decrease the volume of business that it is presently conducting with any Group Company.

4.19.Insurance. The Group Companies maintain insurance policies covering its material assets, business, equipment, properties,
operations, officers and directors (collectively, the Insurance Policies), and the Insurance Policies are in full
force and effect. To the Knowledge of VEON, the coverage provided by such Insurance Policies are usual and customary in amount and scope
for businesses that are similarly situated in similar industries and geographical areas to the Group Business as conducted as of the date
of this Agreement. No written notice of cancellation or termination has been received by any Group Company with respect to any of the
effective Insurance Policies. There is no pending material claim by any Group Company against any insurance carrier under any of
the existing Insurance Policies for which coverage has been denied or disputed by the applicable insurance carrier (other than a customary
reservation of rights notice).

4.20.Group Company Material Contracts.

(a)Section 4.20(a) of the VEON Disclosure Schedules sets forth a true, correct and complete list of each Group Company Material
Contract (as defined below) that is in effect as of the date of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, Group Company
Material Contract shall mean each of the following Contracts to which a Group Company is a party as of the date hereof:

(i)any Contract or purchase commitment reasonably expected to result in future payments to or by any Group Company in excess of $20,000,000
per annum;

(ii)Contracts with the top ten suppliers as determined by annual spend, as applicable (the Material Suppliers)
(all, other than purchase or service orders accepted, confirmed or entered into in the ordinary course of business), in each case during
the 12-month period ended on December 31, 2024;

(iii)any Contract that purports to limit in any material respect (A) the localities in which the Group Companies businesses may
be conducted, (B) any Group Company from engaging in any line of business or (C) any Group Company from developing, marketing or
selling products or services, including any non-compete agreements or agreements limiting the ability of any of the Group Companies from
soliciting customers or employees;

(iv)any Contract that is related to the governance or operation of any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement material to
the Group Business, other than such contract solely between or among any of the Group Companies;

(v)any Contract for or relating to any Third Party Indebtedness in excess of $20,000,000;

(vi)any Executive Employment Contract;

(vii)any Contracts relating to the sale of any operating business of any Group Company or the acquisition by any Group Company of any
operating business, whether by merger, purchase or sale of stock or assets or otherwise, in each case involving consideration therefor
in an amount in excess of $200,000,000 and for which any Group Company has any material outstanding obligations (other than customary non-disclosure and similar
obligations incidental thereto and other than Contracts for the purchase of inventory or supplies entered into in the ordinary course
of business);

39

(viii)any labor agreement, collective bargaining agreement, or any other labor-related agreements or arrangements with any labor union,
labor organization, or works council; and

(ix)any material Contract under which any of the Group Companies: (A) licenses Intellectual Property material to the Group Business
from any third party (Inbound License), other than Incidental Inbound Licenses; (B) licenses Intellectual Property
material to the Group Business to any third party (other than (1) non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements or any other Contract that
includes confidentiality provisions entered into in the ordinary course of business whereby any of the Group Companies provides another
Person a limited, non-exclusive right to access or use Trade Secrets and (2) other non-exclusive licenses granted to suppliers, vendors,
distributors or customers in the ordinary course of business); (C) non-disclosure, confidentiality and similar agreements entered in the
ordinary course of business; and (D) Contracts with rightsholders or customers of the Group Business entered in the ordinary course of
business that include licenses of Intellectual Property in association with the sale of goods and services of the Group Business.

(b)Each Group Company Material Contract is in full force and effect and represents a legal, valid and binding obligation of the applicable
Group Company which is a party thereto and, to the Knowledge of VEON, represents a legal, valid and binding obligation of the counterparties
thereto, except insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by principles governing the availability
of equitable remedies. Neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of VEON, any other party thereto, is in material breach of or in default
under, and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material breach of or material default under,
any Group Company Material Contract, and as of the date of this Agreement, no party to any Group Company Material Contract has given any
written notice of any claim of any such material breach, material default or event.

4.21.Brokers and Finders. None of the Seller nor any Group Company has employed any investment banker, broker or finder or incurred
or shall incur any liability for any brokerage payments, investment banking fees, commissions, finders fees or other similar payments
in connection with the Transactions, except that VEON Ltd. has engaged Rothschild as its financial advisor and capital markets advisor
and the Seller has engaged BTIG, LLC as its placement agent in connection with the Transactions.

40

4.22.Affiliate Agreements. Except as set forth on Section 4.22 of the VEON Disclosure Schedules, there are no Contracts
or Indebtedness between the Group Companies, on the one hand, and the Seller or Affiliate of the Seller (other than the Group Companies),
on the other hand. (a) No officer or director of any Group Company or any of their respective immediate family members, or to the Knowledge
of VEON, any Executive Employee, officer or director of the Group Companies or any of their respective immediate family members, is indebted
to the Group Companies for borrowed money, nor are any of the Group Companies indebted for borrowed money (or committed to make loans
or extend or guarantee credit) to any of such Persons, and (b) to the Knowledge of VEON, no officer, director or Executive Employee of
the Group Companies (each, an Insider) or any member of an Insiders immediate family is, directly or indirectly,
a counterparty to (or controls a counterparty to) any Group Company Material Contract, in each case, other than: (i) for payment
of salary, bonuses and other compensation for services rendered; (ii) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in connection
with any of the Group Companies; (iii) for other employee benefits made generally available to similarly situated Persons;
or (iv) related to any such Persons ownership of Company Shares or other securities of the Group Companies or such Persons
employment or consulting arrangements with the Group Companies.

4.23.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE SELLER, THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO AND MERGER SUB HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, NONE OF THE SPAC OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES HAS MADE,
IS MAKING, OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, TO THE SELLER,
THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO AND MERGER SUB OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES OR ANY OTHER PERSON, WITH RESPECT TO THE
SPAC OR ANY OF THE BUSINESSES, ASSETS OR PROPERTIES OF THE FOREGOING, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FUTURE RESULTS, PROPOSED BUSINESSES OR FUTURE PLANS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING: (A) NONE OF THE
SPAC OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY MADE BY
THE SPAC IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS; AND (B) NONE OF THE SPAC OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES HAS
MADE, IS MAKING OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO: (I) THE INFORMATION DISTRIBUTED
OR MADE AVAILABLE TO THE SELLER, THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO OR MERGER SUB OR THEIR AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES OR ANY OTHER PERSON, BY OR
ON BEHALF OF THE SPAC IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS; (II) ANY MANAGEMENT PRESENTATION, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
MEMORANDUM OR SIMILAR DOCUMENT; OR (III) ANY FINANCIAL PROJECTION, FORECAST, ESTIMATE, BUDGET OR SIMILAR ITEM RELATING TO THE SPAC OR
ANY OF ITS BUSINESS, ASSETS, LIABILITIES, PROPERTIES, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND PROJECTED OPERATIONS OTHER THAN IN
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. EACH OF THE SELLER, THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO AND MERGER SUB HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY
PROMISE, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. EACH OF THE
SELLER, THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO AND MERGER SUB ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS CONDUCTED, TO ITS SATISFACTION, AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION AND
VERIFICATION OF THE SPAC AND ITS BUSINESS, ASSETS, LIABILITIES, PROPERTIES, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND PROJECTED OPERATIONS,
AND IN MAKING ITS DETERMINATION HAS RELIED ON THE RESULTS OF ITS OWN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION AND VERIFICATION, IN ADDITION TO THE REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE SPAC EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 4.23, CLAIMS AGAINST THE SPAC OR ANY OTHER PERSON WILL NOT BE LIMITED IN ANY
RESPECT IN THE EVENT OF INTENTIONAL FRAUD IN THE MAKING OF THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT BY SUCH PERSON.

41

Article V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SPAC

Except: (i) as set
forth in the disclosure schedule delivered by the SPAC to the Seller and the Company Parties concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement (the SPAC Disclosure Schedule); and (ii) as disclosed in the SPAC SEC Reports
filed or furnished with the SEC (and publicly available) prior to the date of this Agreement (to the extent the qualifying nature of
such disclosure is readily apparent from the content of such SPAC SEC Reports), excluding disclosures referred to in
Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors and any other disclosures therein to the extent they are of a
predictive or cautionary nature or related to forward-looking statements, the SPAC represents and warrants to the Seller as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date as follows:

5.1.Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The SPAC is a legal entity duly incorporated and validly existing and in
good standing under the Laws of the Cayman Islands. The SPAC (a) has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to own, lease
and operate its properties and to carry on its business and (b) is qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
or other legal entity in each jurisdiction where the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties or conduct of its business requires
such qualification, except in the case of clauses (a) and (b) where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing,
or to have such power or authority, would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a SPAC Material Adverse
Effect. The SPAC is not, in any material respect, in default or in violation of any provisions of the SPAC Governing Documents. The SPAC
Governing Documents have been made available and are true, correct and complete as amended through the date hereof and are in full force
and effect.

5.2.Capitalization.

(a)As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized share capital of the SPAC consists of $55,500 divided into: (i) 5,000,000 SPAC
Preference Shares, of which none are issued and outstanding; (ii) 500,000,000 SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares, of which 23,715,000 are issued
and outstanding; and (iii) 50,000,000 SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares, of which 7,905,000 are issued and outstanding. As of the date of this
Agreement there are also 7,666,666.67 SPAC Public Warrants and 238,333.33 SPAC Placement Warrants outstanding. All issued and outstanding
shares of SPAC Ordinary Shares have been duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and are non-assessable and are not subject to, nor
have been issued in violation of, any Law, purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right
or any similar right. The SPAC Warrants have been validly issued, and constitute valid and binding obligations of the SPAC, enforceable
against the SPAC in accordance with their terms, except insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by
principles governing the availability of equitable remedies.

(b)Except for the SPAC Warrants, there are no outstanding options, warrants, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities, phantom
stock or share rights, stock or share appreciation rights, stock-based performance units, commitments or Contracts of any kind to which
the SPAC is a party or by which it is bound obligating the SPAC to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional
shares of SPAC Ordinary Shares or any other shares or other interest or participation in, or any security convertible or exercisable for
or exchangeable into, shares of SPAC Ordinary Shares or any other shares or other interest or participation in the SPAC. The SPAC has
no direct or indirect Subsidiaries or participations in joint ventures or other entities, and does not own, directly or indirectly, any
equity interests or other interests or investments (whether equity or debt) in any Person, whether incorporated or unincorporated. Except
for the SPAC Shareholder Redemption, there are no outstanding contractual obligations of the SPAC to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any shares of SPAC Ordinary Shares. There are no outstanding contractual obligations of the SPAC to make any investment (in the form of
a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any Person.

(c)Except as set forth in the SPAC Governing Documents or the Current Registration Rights Agreement or in connection with the Transactions,
there are no registration rights, and there is no voting trust, proxy, rights plan, anti-takeover plan or other agreements or understandings
to which the SPAC is a party or by which the SPAC is bound with respect to any ownership interests of the SPAC.

42

(d) The SPAC has no Indebtedness other than as set forth in the SPAC SEC Reports. The SPAC has not availed itself of any loan, grant
or other payment from any Governmental Entity.

5.3.Authority; Approval. The SPAC has all requisite corporate or other organizational power and authority to execute and deliver
each of the Transaction Documents to which it is or shall be a party, to perform its obligations thereunder and to consummate the Transactions
(including the Merger) and the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement by the SPAC have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary organizational action on the part of the SPAC. The execution,
delivery and performance of each of the Transaction Documents to which the SPAC is or will be a party has been, or at the Closing will
be, duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action on the part of such Person. This Agreement has been, and each
of the other Transaction Documents will be at Closing, duly executed and delivered by the SPAC and, when executed and delivered by the
Seller, New PubCo and the applicable other parties hereto and thereto, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the SPAC, enforceable
against such party pursuant to its terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception.

5.4.Governmental Filings; No Violations.

(a)No notices, reports or other filings are required to be made by the SPAC with, nor are any Permits required to be obtained by the
SPAC from, any Governmental Entity, in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the SPAC
or the consummation of the Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except: (i) for the filing
of the Plan of Merger; (ii) for applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, blue sky laws, foreign
securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other jurisdictions
in which the SPAC is qualified to do business and (iii) where the failure to obtain such Permits would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect.

(b)The execution, delivery and performance by the SPAC of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party do not, and the consummation
of the Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall not, conflict with or result in any violation
of or default (with or without notice, lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, loss of rights, adverse
modification of provisions, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation under, or result in the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted
Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of the SPAC, in each case, under any provision of (i) the SPAC Governing Documents, (ii) any
material Contract binding upon the SPAC or (iii) assuming (solely with respect to performance of the Transaction Documents and consummation
of the Transactions and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents) compliance with the SPAC Shareholder Approvals, any
Law to which the SPAC is subject except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such breach, violation, termination, default,
creation or acceleration that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect.

43

5.5.Compliance;
Approvals. Since its incorporation, the SPAC has complied in all material respects with and has not been in violation of any
applicable Laws, including Sanctions Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Export Control Laws, with respect to
the conduct of its business, or the ownership or operation of its business. Since the date of its incorporation, no investigation or
review by any Governmental Entity with respect to the SPAC has been pending or, to the Knowledge of the SPAC, threatened. No written
or, to the Knowledge of the SPAC, oral notice of non-compliance with any applicable Laws has been received by the SPAC, except for
any potential non-compliance which, individually or in the aggregate, would not be reasonably likely to be material to the SPAC. The
SPAC is in possession of all Permits necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it purports to own, operate or lease and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to have such Permits would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably likely to be material to the SPAC. Each Permit held by the SPAC is valid, binding and in full force and effect
in all material respects. The SPAC: (a) is not in default or violation (and no event has occurred that, with notice or the
lapse of time or both, would constitute a default or violation) of any material term, condition or provision of any such Permit; or
(b) has not received any notice from a Governmental Entity that has issued any such Permit that it intends to cancel,
terminate, modify or not renew any such Permit, except in the case of clauses (a) and (b) as would not
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect.

5.6.SPAC SEC Reports and Financial Statements.

(a)Except as set forth in Section 5.6(a) of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule, the SPAC has timely filed all forms, reports,
schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed or furnished by the SPAC with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act since the SPACs incorporation to the date of this Agreement, together with any amendments, restatements or supplements thereto
(all of the foregoing filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the SPAC SEC Reports). All SPAC SEC Reports, any
correspondence from or to the SEC (other than such correspondence in connection with the initial public offering of New PubCo) and all
certifications and statements required by: (i) Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act; or (ii) 18 U.S.C. 1350
(Section 906) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Certifications)
are available on the SECs Electronic Data-Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR) in full without redaction, except
as permitted by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
The SPAC SEC Reports, as of the respective date of its filing, and as of the date of any amendment or supplement, complied in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as the case may be, and the rules and
regulations thereunder. The SPAC SEC Reports did not, at the time they were filed with the SEC contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved
comments in comment letters received from the SEC with respect to any SPAC SEC Reports. To the Knowledge of the SPAC, none of the SPAC
SEC Reports filed on or prior to the date of this Agreement is subject to ongoing SEC review or investigation as of the date of this Agreement.
To the Knowledge of the SPAC, each director and executive officer of the SPAC has filed with the SEC on a timely basis all statements
required with respect to the SPAC by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. As used in this
Section 5.6, the term file shall be broadly construed to include any manner in which a document or information
is furnished, supplied or otherwise made available to the SEC or Nasdaq, so long as copies thereof are publicly available.

(b)The financial statements and notes of the SPAC contained or incorporated by reference in the SPAC SEC Reports fairly present, in
all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows of
the SPAC as at the respective dates of, and for the periods referred to in, such financial statements, all prepared from the books and
records of the SPAC and in accordance with: (i) U.S. GAAP; and (ii) all applicable accounting requirements and with the
rules and regulations of the SEC, the Exchange Act and the Securities Act in effect as of the respective dates thereof (including Regulation S-X
or Regulation S-K, as applicable) and, in the case of the audited SPAC financial statements, were audited in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB, in each case, applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, subject, in the case of interim financial
statements, to normal recurring year-end adjustments (the effect of which will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material) and
the omission of notes to the extent permitted by Regulation S-X or Regulation S-K, as applicable. The SPAC has
no off-balance sheet arrangements that are not disclosed in the SPAC SEC Reports.

44

(c)Except as set forth in the SPAC SEC Reports, the SPAC does not have any liability or obligation of a nature (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise) required to be reflected on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, except for liabilities and
obligations arising in the ordinary course of the SPACs business.

(d)Except as not required in reliance on exemptions from various reporting requirements by virtue of the SPACs status as an
emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, the SPAC has established
and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Such disclosure controls
and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by the SPAC in the reports and other
documents that it files or furnishes under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such material information is accumulated and communicated to the SPACs principal
executive officer and its principal financial officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make
the certifications required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Such disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in timely alerting the SPACs principal executive officer and principal financial officer to material information required to be
included in the SPACs periodic reports required under the Exchange Act.

(e)Except as not required in reliance on exemptions from various reporting requirements by virtue of the SPACs status as an
emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, the SPAC has established
and maintained a system of internal controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that transactions, receipts and expenditures
of the SPAC are being executed and made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations of management of the SPAC, (ii) that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP and to maintain accountability for
assets, (iii) regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of U.S. GAAP,
and (iv) that accounts, notes and other receivables are recorded accurately. To the Knowledge of the SPAC, the SPAC has not identified,
or received any written notice, alleging any fraud, whether or not material, that involves the management or other employees of the SPAC
that have a significant role in the internal controls over financial reporting of the SPAC.

(f)Except as set forth in the SPAC SEC Reports, neither the SPAC (including any employee thereof) nor the SPACs independent
auditors has identified or been made aware of (i) any significant deficiency or material weakness in the system of internal accounting
controls utilized by the SPAC, (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves the SPACs management or other employees who
have a role in the preparation of financial statements or the internal accounting controls utilized by the SPAC or (iii) any claim or
allegation regarding any of the foregoing.

(g)As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding SEC comments from the SEC with respect to the SPAC SEC Reports. To the Knowledge
of the SPAC, none of the SPAC SEC Reports filed on or prior to the date hereof is subject to ongoing SEC review or investigation as of
the date hereof.

5.7.Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as set forth in SPAC SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement,
and except as contemplated by this Agreement, since the incorporation of the SPAC, there has not been: (a) any SPAC Material Adverse
Effect; or (b) any action taken or agreed upon by the SPAC that would be prohibited by Section 6.2 if such action were
taken on or after the date hereof without the consent of the Seller.

45

5.8.Litigation.

(a)As of the date of this Agreement (and since its incorporation), (i) there are no civil, criminal or administrative actions, suits,
demands, claims, hearings, arbitrations, investigations or other proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the SPAC, threatened in writing
against the SPAC or any of the directors or officers of SPAC in their capacities as such, (ii) other than with respect to audits, examinations
or investigations in the ordinary course of business conducted by a Governmental Entity, there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of
the SPAC, threatened audit or examination by any Governmental Entity against the SPAC or any of its properties or assets, or any of the
directors, managers or officers of the SPAC with regard to their actions as such, and, to the Knowledge of the SPAC, no facts exist that
would reasonably be expected to form the basis for any such audit or examination and (iii) there are no pending or threatened Proceeding
by the SPAC against any third party.

(b)As of the date of this Agreement, the SPAC is not a party to or subject to (i) the provisions of any investigation or inquiry (in
each case, to the extent the SPAC has received written notice thereof) or (ii) any Order of any Governmental Entity.

5.9.Business Activities.

(a)Since its incorporation, the SPACs business activities have been solely: (i) in connection with its organization; (ii) in
connection with its initial public offering; and (iii) directed toward the conduct of its business of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase or similar business combination transaction. Except as set forth in the SPAC Governing
Documents, there is no Contract or Order binding upon the SPAC or to which it is a party which has or could reasonably be expected to
have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of it, any acquisition of property by it or the conduct of
business by it as currently conducted or as currently contemplated to be conducted (including, in each case, following the Closing).

(b)Except for the Transactions, the SPAC does not own or have a right to acquire, directly or indirectly, any interest or investment
(whether equity or debt) in any corporation, partnership, joint venture, business, trust or other entity. Except for this Agreement and
the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, the SPAC has no material interests, rights, obligations
or liabilities with respect to, and is not party to, bound by or has its assets or property subject to, in each case whether directly
or indirectly, any Contract or transaction which is, or would reasonably be interpreted as constituting, a SPAC Business Combination.

5.10.SPAC Material Contracts.

(a)Section 5.10 of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of each material contract
(as such term is defined in Regulation S-K) to which the SPAC is party (the SPAC Material Contracts), other
than any such SPAC Material Contract that is listed as an exhibit to SPACs Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-282271).

(b)True, correct and complete copies of the SPAC Material Contracts have been delivered to or made available to the Seller or its
Representatives, including via the SECs Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval system database. Except for each SPAC
Material Contract that has terminated or will terminate upon the expiration of the stated term thereof prior to the Closing Date and except
as would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the ability of the SPAC to
enter into this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party and to consummate the Transactions: (i) each
SPAC Material Contract is in full force and effect and represents a legal, valid and binding obligation of the SPAC and, to the Knowledge
of the SPAC, represents a legal, valid and binding obligation
of the counterparties thereto, except insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by principles governing the
availability of equitable remedies; and (ii) neither the SPAC nor, to the Knowledge of the SPAC, any other party thereto, is in material
breach of or in material default under any SPAC Material Contract, and no party to any SPAC Material Contract has given any written notice
of any claim of any such material breach, material default or event.

46

5.11.Title to Property(a). The SPAC does not own or lease any real property or personal property and there are no options or
other contracts under which the SPAC has a right or obligation to acquire or lease any interest in real property or personal property.

5.12.SPAC Listing. The SPAC Units are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading
on Nasdaq under the symbol CCIRU. The SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act and are listed for trading on Nasdaq under the symbol CCIR. The SPAC Warrants are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on Nasdaq under the symbol CCIRW. There is no action or proceeding pending
or, to the Knowledge of the SPAC, threatened against the SPAC by Nasdaq or the SEC with respect to any intention by such entity to deregister
the SPAC Units, the SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares or SPAC Warrants or to terminate the listing of the SPAC on Nasdaq. None of the SPAC
or any of its Affiliates has taken any action in an attempt to terminate the registration of the SPAC Units, the SPAC Class A Ordinary
Shares, the SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares or SPAC Warrants under the Exchange Act. Except as set forth in the SPAC SEC Reports, the SPAC
is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable listing and corporate governance rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

5.13.Trust Account.

(a)As of date hereof, the SPAC has at least $231,150,000 in a trust account (the Trust Account), maintained and
invested pursuant to that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) effective as of October
10, 2024, by and between the SPAC and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company (Continental Trust), for the benefit
of its public shareholders, with such funds invested in United States Government securities or money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. Other than pursuant to the Trust Agreement and any PIPE Subscription
Agreements, the obligations of the SPAC under this Agreement are not subject to any conditions regarding the SPACs, its Affiliates
or any other Persons ability to obtain financing for the consummation of the Transactions.

(b)The Trust Agreement has not been amended or modified and is valid and in full force and effect and is enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except insofar as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by principles governing the availability
of equitable remedies. The SPAC has complied in all material respects with the terms of the Trust Agreement and is not in breach thereof
or default thereunder, and there does not exist under the Trust Agreement any event that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time,
would constitute such a breach or default by the SPAC or Continental Trust. There are no separate Contracts, side letters or other understandings
(whether written or unwritten, express or implied): (i) between the SPAC and Continental Trust that would cause the description of
the Trust Agreement in the SPAC SEC Reports to be inaccurate in any material respect; or (ii) that would entitle any Person (other than
holders of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares who shall have elected to redeem their shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to SPAC
Governing Documents or the underwriters of the initial public offering with respect to any deferred underwriting compensation) to any
portion of the proceeds in the Trust Account. Prior to the Closing, none of the funds held in the Trust Account may be
released except: (A) to pay income and franchise taxes from any interest income earned in the Trust Account; and (B) to redeem
shares of SPAC Ordinary Shares in accordance with the provisions of the SPAC Governing Documents. As of the date hereof, the SPAC has
not released any money from the Trust Account (other than interest income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account as permitted by
the Trust Agreement). There are no Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the SPAC, threatened with respect to the Trust Account.
As of the date of this Agreement, assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in Article IV and
the compliance by the Company Parties with their respective obligations hereunder with its obligations hereunder, the SPAC has no reason
to believe that any of the conditions to the use of funds in the Trust Account will not be satisfied or funds available in the Trust Account
will not be available to the SPAC on the Closing Date. Upon consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the distribution
of assets from the Trust Account (A) in respect of deferred underwriting commissions or Taxes or (B) to the pre-Closing SPAC
equityholders who have elected to redeem their shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to the SPAC Governing Documents, each in
accordance with the terms of and as set forth in the Trust Agreement, the SPAC shall have no further obligation under either the Trust
Agreement or the SPAC Governing Documents to liquidate or distribute any assets held in the Trust Account, and the Trust Agreement shall
terminate in accordance with its terms.

47

5.14.Taxes. Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a SPAC Material Adverse Effect:

(a)The SPAC has timely prepared and filed, or caused to be prepared and filed, with the appropriate Governmental Entity or Taxing
Authority, all Tax Returns of such Person that were required to be filed by it, taking into account any extensions of time to file. All
such Tax Returns are true, complete and accurate in all material respects. The SPAC has timely paid, or caused to be paid, all material
Taxes due and payable by such Person.

(b)No material deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed, asserted or assessed in writing by any Governmental Entity or Taxing
Authority against the SPAC that are still pending. No extensions of the period for assessment of any Taxes are in effect with respect
to any material liability of the SPAC (other than extensions of time to file Tax Returns obtained in the ordinary course).

(c)There are no pending or threatened in writing audits, assessments or similar proceedings for any material liability in respect
of Taxes of the SPAC.

(d)Except with respect to consolidated, combined or similar groups the common parent of which the SPAC (the SPAC Consolidated
Group), the SPAC does not have any material liability for the Taxes of any other Person under applicable Law as a result of
being a member of a Tax group with such Person or as a transferee or successor.

(e)The SPAC is not a party to or bound by any Tax indemnity agreement, Tax sharing agreement, Tax allocation agreement or similar
agreement (other than, in each case, (i) agreements solely between the SPAC and its Subsidiaries, (ii) agreements solely among the members
of the SPAC Consolidated Group or (iii) commercial Contracts the primary purpose of which is not the indemnification or sharing of Taxes).

(f)There are no Liens for Taxes upon any of the assets or properties of the SPAC, except for Permitted Liens.

48

(g) The SPAC has not taken any action (nor permitted any action to be taken), and is not aware of any fact or circumstance, that to
the Knowledge of the SPAC would reasonably be expected to prevent, impair or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

5.15.Employees; Benefit Plans. Other than any former officers or as described in the SPAC SEC Reports, the SPAC has never had
any employees. Other than reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by SPACs officers and directors in connection with
activities on the SPACs behalf in an aggregate amount not in excess of the amount of cash held by the SPAC outside of the Trust
Account, the SPAC has no unsatisfied material liability with respect to any employee. The SPAC has never and does not currently maintain,
sponsor, contribute to or have any direct or indirect liability under any SPAC Employee Benefit Plan, and neither the execution and delivery
of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents nor the consummation of the Transactions will: (a) result in or trigger any
payment (including severance, unemployment compensation, bonus or otherwise) becoming due to any director, officer or employee of the
SPAC; or (b) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such employee benefits. Neither the execution and
delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the Transactions shall, either alone or in connection with any other event(s) give
rise to any amount that would not be deductible by New PubCo or its Subsidiaries by reason of Section 280G of the Code with respect to
any amount paid or payable under a SPAC Employee Benefit Plan or any other arrangement entered into by the SPAC or its Affiliates prior
to the Closing Date.

5.16.Board Approval; Shareholder Vote. The board of directors of the SPAC (including any required committee or subgroup of the
board of directors of the SPAC) has, as of the date of this Agreement, unanimously: (a) approved and declared the advisability of
this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the consideration payable to SPAC Shareholders hereunder and the
consummation of the Transactions; (b) determined that the consummation of the Transactions is in the best interest of the SPAC; (c) made
the SPAC Recommendation; and (d) directed that this Agreement be submitted to the shareholders of the SPAC for their adoption. Other
than the SPAC Shareholder Approval, no other corporate proceedings on the part of the SPAC are necessary to approve the consummation of
the Transactions.

5.17.Affiliate Transactions. Except as described in the SPAC SEC Reports, no Contract between the SPAC, on the one hand, and
any of the present or former directors, officers, employees, shareholders, stockholders or warrant holders or Affiliates of the SPAC (or
an immediate family member of any of the foregoing), on the other hand, will continue in effect following the Closing.

5.18.Brokers. Except as set forth in Section 5.18 of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule, the SPAC has not employed any
investment banker, broker or finder nor incurred or shall incur any liability for any brokerage payments, investment banking fees, commissions,
finders fees or other similar payments in connection with the Transactions.

49

5.19.The
SPACs Investigation and Reliance. The SPAC is a sophisticated purchaser and has made its own independent investigation,
review and analysis regarding the Company Parties and the Group Companies and the Transactions, which investigation, review and
analysis were conducted by the SPAC together with expert advisors, including legal counsel, that the SPAC has engaged for such
purpose. The SPAC and its Representatives have been provided with adequate access to the Representatives, properties, offices,
plants and other facilities, books and records of the Company Parties and the Group Companies and other information that they have
requested in connection with their investigation of the Company Parties, the Group Companies and the Transactions. The SPAC has not
relied on or is not relying on any statement, representation or warranty, oral or written, express or implied, made by any Company
Party or any of their respective Representatives, except as expressly set forth in Article IV (as modified by the VEON
Disclosure Schedule) or in any Transaction Documents. No Company Party nor any of their respective securityholders, Affiliates or
Representatives shall have any liability to the SPAC or any of its securityholders, Affiliates or Representatives resulting from the
use of any information, documents or materials made available to the SPAC or any of its Representatives, whether orally or in
writing, in any confidential information memoranda, data rooms, management presentations, due diligence discussions or
in any other form in expectation of the Transactions. No Company Party nor any of their respective securityholders, Affiliates or
Representatives is making, directly or indirectly, any representation or warranty with respect to any estimates, projections or
forecasts involving any Company Party or Group Company.

5.20.Disclaimer of Other Warranties. THE SPAC HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, NONE OF THE COMPANY, ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, NEW PUBCO OR MERGER SUB OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES
OR REPRESENTATIVES HAS MADE, IS MAKING OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AT LAW
OR IN EQUITY, TO THE SPAC OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES OR ANY OTHER PERSON, WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE GROUP COMPANIES,
NEW PUBCO, MERGER SUB OR ANY OF THE RESPECTIVE BUSINESSES, ASSETS OR PROPERTIES OF THE FOREGOING, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION
OR WARRANTY AS TO MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FUTURE RESULTS, PROPOSED BUSINESSES OR FUTURE PLANS. WITHOUT LIMITING
THE FOREGOING: (A) NONE OF THE COMPANY, ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, NEW PUBCO OR MERGER SUB OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR
REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY MADE BY THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO OR MERGER
SUB IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS; AND (B) NONE OF THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, NEW PUBCO, MERGER
SUB, NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES, HAS MADE, IS MAKING OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE TO THE SPAC OR ITS AFFILIATES
OR REPRESENTATIVES OR ANY OTHER PERSON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO: (I) THE INFORMATION DISTRIBUTED
OR MADE AVAILABLE TO THE SPAC OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS;
(II) ANY MANAGEMENT PRESENTATION, CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION MEMORANDUM OR SIMILAR DOCUMENT; OR (III) ANY FINANCIAL PROJECTION,
FORECAST, ESTIMATE, BUDGET OR SIMILAR ITEM RELATING TO THE COMPANY, ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, NEW PUBCO, MERGER SUB AND/OR THE BUSINESS,
ASSETS, LIABILITIES, PROPERTIES, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND PROJECTED OPERATIONS OF THE FOREGOING OTHER THAN IN THE
TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. THE SPAC HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED ON ANY PROMISE, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY
SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS. THE SPAC ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS CONDUCTED, TO ITS SATISFACTION, AN
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION AND VERIFICATION OF THE COMPANY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, NEW PUBCO, MERGER SUB AND THE BUSINESS, ASSETS, LIABILITIES,
PROPERTIES, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND PROJECTED OPERATIONS OF THE FOREGOING, AND IN MAKING ITS DETERMINATION TO PROCEED
WITH THE TRANSACTIONS, THE SPAC HAS RELIED ON THE RESULTS OF ITS OWN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION AND VERIFICATION, IN ADDITION TO THE REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY, NEW PUBCO AND MERGER SUB EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS SECTION 5.20, CLAIMS AGAINST ANY GROUP COMPANY, NEW PUBCO, MERGER
SUB OR ANY OTHER PERSON WILL NOT BE LIMITED IN ANY RESPECT IN THE EVENT OF INTENTIONAL FRAUD
IN THE MAKING OF THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT BY SUCH PERSON.

50

Article VI

CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE CLOSING DATE

6.1.Conduct of Business by the Seller, the Group Companies, New PubCo, and Merger Sub. During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms and the Merger Effective Time (the
Interim Period), the Seller (solely in respect of the Group Business), the Company, New PubCo, and Merger Sub shall,
and the Company shall cause each of the other Group Companies to, carry on their respective businesses in the ordinary course, having
regard to the Ukraine Invasion and the relevant Ukraine Invasion Measures, to use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact their
respective business organizations, retain their respective managers, directors, and officers, and preserve their respective relationships
with key customers and suppliers, in each case consistent with past practice, in accordance with applicable Laws, and within their respective
powers, except any act, omission or other matter: (i) to the extent that the SPAC shall otherwise consent in advance and in writing
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (ii) as expressly permitted by this Agreement or any of the
other Transaction Documents; (iii) as is necessary or advisable in connection with implementation of the VEON Pre-Closing Steps; (iv)
as is necessary or advisable in response to the Ukraine Invasion or any Ukraine Invasion Measures; (v) as is reasonably required or undertaken
in an emergency or disaster situation with the intent to minimize any adverse effect of such situation; (vi) to comply with Laws or Orders;
or (vii) as expressly set forth in Section 6.1 of the VEON Disclosure Schedule. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, except any act, omission or other matter: (A) as expressly permitted by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction
Documents; (B) as is necessary or advisable in connection with implementation of the VEON Pre-Closing Steps; (C) as is necessary or advisable
in response to the Ukraine Invasion or any Ukraine Invasion Measures; (D) as is reasonably required or undertaken in an emergency or disaster
situation with the intent to minimize any adverse effect of such situation (E) to comply with Laws or Orders; or (F) as expressly
set forth in Section 6.1 of the VEON Disclosure Schedule, and without the prior written consent of the SPAC (which consent,
except with respect to clauses (c) and (j) below, shall not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), during
the Interim Period, the Seller (solely in respect of the Group Business) and the Company Parties shall not, and the Company shall cause
the other Group Companies, respectively, not to, do any of the following:

(a)except in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise pursuant to or permitted by any existing Group Employee Benefit Plan
or applicable Laws: (i) increase or grant any increase in the compensation, bonus, fringe or other benefits of, or pay, grant or
promise any bonus to, any current or former employee, director or independent contractor, except for (A) individual increases of not more
than 5% in the base salary or wage rate of any current employee who is not an Executive Employee and (B) the payment of annual bonuses
and other short-term incentive compensation in the ordinary course of business (including with respect to the determination of the achievement
of any applicable performance objectives, whether qualitative or quantitative); (ii) grant or pay any severance or change in control
pay or benefits to, or otherwise increase the severance or change in control pay of any Executive Employee, other than the payment of
severance in the ordinary course of business; (iii) enter into, materially amend (other than immaterial amendments) or terminate
any Group Employee Benefit Plan or any employee benefit plan, policy, program, agreement, trust or arrangement that would have constituted
a Group Employee Benefit Plan if it had been in effect on the date of this Agreement; (iv) take any action to accelerate the vesting
or payment of, or otherwise fund or secure the payment of, any compensation or benefits under any Group Employee Benefit Plan or otherwise;
(v) grant any equity or equity-based compensation awards other than in the ordinary course of business; or (vi) hire or terminate
any Executive Employee, other than terminations for cause;

51

(b) (i) transfer, sell, assign, exclusively license, encumber, impair, abandon or otherwise dispose of any Owned Intellectual Property,
in each case, that is material to the Group Companies taken as a whole, except for any Owned Intellectual Property expiring at the end
of its statutory term or no longer in use or commercially desirable to maintain;

(c)other than seeking and negotiating PIPE Subscription Agreements, grant, issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber,
or agree to any of the foregoing with respect to, any shares or other equity securities or any securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares or other equity securities, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares or other equity securities
or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares or other equity securities, or enter into other agreements or commitments
of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or equity securities or convertible or exchangeable securities;

(d)make or declare any dividend or distribution to the equity holders of any Group Company, New PubCo, or Merger Sub or make any other
distributions in respect of any of the Group Companies capital stock or equity interests, except (i) dividends and distributions
by a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Group Company to such Group Company or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Group Company or (ii)
as would not reduce the Net Cash amount of the Ukrainian Group Companies below $560,000,000;

(e)split, subdivide, combine, consolidate, reclassify, recapitalize or otherwise amend any terms of any shares or series of the Group
Companies, New PubCos or Merger Subs capital stock, share capital or equity interests, except for any such transaction
by a wholly-owned Subsidiary of a Group Company that remains a wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Group Company after consummation of such
transaction;

(f)transfer, sell, assign, license, dispose, purchase, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any issued and outstanding share capital,
outstanding shares of capital stock, membership interests or other equity interests of any Group Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub, except
for transactions between a Group Company and any wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Group Company;

(g)delay payments of any material accounts payable or other material liability of a Group Company beyond its due date or the date
when such liability would have been paid in the ordinary course; provided, that nothing in this clause (g) shall prohibit
or otherwise restrict any of the Group Companies from delaying payments of accounts payable or other liabilities to the extent that any
such Group Company is disputing in good faith such amounts owed in respect of such accounts payable or other liabilities;

(h)amend any of the Group Companies Governing Documents (other than minor or technical changes made to correct a manifest error);

(i)(i) merge, consolidate or combine with a third party, other than with the SPAC; or (ii) except for transactions involving
consideration to be paid by a Group Company of up to $200,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), acquire or agree to acquire
by merging or consolidating with, purchasing a majority of the equity interest in or all or substantially all of the assets of, or by
any other manner, any third-party business or corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof;

(j)voluntarily dispose of or amend any Company Material Lease other than in the ordinary course of business or as would not reasonably
be expected to be material to the Group Companies, individually or in the aggregate;

52

(k) other than with respect to Intellectual Property, voluntarily sell, assign, lease, license, sublicense, abandon, divest, transfer,
convey, cancel, abandon or permit to lapse or expire, dedicate to the public, or otherwise dispose of, or agree to do any of the foregoing
with respect to, material assets or properties of the Group Companies, other than in the ordinary course of business, pursuant to Contracts
existing on the date hereof;

(l)(i) make advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any Person other than any of the Group Companies, New PubCo or
Merger Sub and other than advances for business expenses and advances to customers and suppliers in the ordinary course of business; (ii) create,
incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for (A) any Third Party Indebtedness incurred after the date hereof in excess of $20,000,000
in the aggregate or (B) any other Indebtedness outside the ordinary course of business; (iii) except in the ordinary course of business,
create any Liens on any material property or material assets of any of the Group Companies, New PubCo or Merger Sub in connection with
any Indebtedness thereof (other than Permitted Liens); or (iv) cancel or forgive any Indebtedness owed to any of the Group Companies,
New PubCo or Merger Sub other than ordinary course compromises of amounts owed to the Group Companies, New PubCo or Merger Sub by their
respective customers;

(m)compromise, settle or agree to settle any Proceeding involving payments by any Group Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub of $20,000,000
or more, or that imposes any material non-monetary obligations on a Group Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub (excluding confidentiality,
non-disparagement or other similar obligations incidental thereto);

(n)except in the ordinary course of business or as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Group Companies, individually
or in the aggregate: (A) modify or amend in a manner that is adverse to the applicable Group Company or terminate or cause to be terminated
any Group Company Material Contract or material Permit; (B) enter into any Contract that would have been a Group Company Material Contract,
had it been entered into prior to the date of this Agreement; or (C) waive, delay the exercise of, release or assign any material rights
or claims under any Group Company Material Contract (other than assignments by the applicable Group Company to any other Group Company);

(o)except as required by IFRS (or any interpretation thereof) or applicable Laws (including to obtain compliance with PCAOB auditing
standards), make any material change in accounting methods, principles or practices;

(p)(i) make, change or revoke any material Tax election; (ii) settle or compromise any material Tax liability, enter into any closing
agreement in respect of material Taxes or enter into any Tax sharing or similar agreement; (iii) file any amended material Tax Return
other than any such amendments that would be consistent with past practice; (iv) consent to any extension or waiver of the statute of
limitations regarding any material amount of Taxes or in respect of any material Tax attribute that would give rise to any claim or assessment
of Taxes; (v) settle or consent to any claim or assessment relating to any material amount of Taxes; or (vi) surrender or allow to expire
any right to claim a refund of material taxes;

(q)authorize, propose or announce an intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, restructuring, recapitalization,
dissolution or winding-up of any Group Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub;

53

(r)enter
into, renew or materially amend any (i) transaction or Contract with members of the VEON Group or any of their respective family
members or other related Persons that would require disclosure in the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 7.B
of Form 20-F; (ii) Contract between any Group Company and any broker, finder, investment banker or financial advisor with respect to
any of the Transactions; or (iii) agreement with, or pay, distribute or advance any assets or property to, any of its officers,
directors, shareholders, stockholders or other Affiliates (other than the Group Companies, New PubCo or Merger Sub), other than
(A) payments or distributions relating to obligations in respect of arms-length commercial transactions in the ordinary
course, (B) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with any of the Group Companies, New PubCo or Merger
Sub, (C) Group Employee Benefit Plans, and (D) employment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course;

(s)engage in any material new line of business;

(t)take any action that is reasonably likely to prevent, materially delay or impede the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; or

(u)agree in writing or otherwise agree, commit or resolve to take any of the actions described in Section 6.1(a) through
Section 6.1(t).

6.2.Conduct of Business by the SPAC. During the Interim Period, the SPAC shall carry on its business in the ordinary course,
except: (i) to the extent that the Company shall otherwise consent in advance and in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed); (ii) as expressly permitted by this Agreement (including as contemplated by the PIPE Investments)
or any of the other Transaction Documents; or (iii) as expressly set forth in Section 6.2 of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as (A) expressly permitted by this Agreement (including as contemplated
by the PIPE Investments) or any of the other Transaction Documents; (B) set forth in Section 6.2 of the SPAC Disclosure
Schedule; or (C) required by applicable Laws, without the prior written consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed), during the Interim Period, the SPAC shall not do any of the following:

(a)declare, set aside or pay dividends on or make any other distributions (whether in cash, shares, stock, equity securities or property)
in respect of any share capital (or warrant) or split, combine or reclassify any share capital (or warrant), effect a recapitalization
or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any share capital or warrant,
or effect any like change in capitalization;

(b)reclassify, combine, split, subdivide, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any equity securities of
the SPAC;

(c)except as required by the PIPE Subscription Agreements, grant, issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber, or
agree to any of the foregoing with respect to, any shares or other equity securities or any securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares or other equity securities, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares or other equity securities
or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares or other equity securities, or enter into other agreements or commitments
of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or equity securities or convertible or exchangeable securities;

(d)amend the SPAC Governing Documents or the terms of any of the SPAC Warrants;

(e)(i) merge, consolidate or combine with any Person; or (ii) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or
by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership,
association or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets, or enter into any
joint ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances;

54

(f) (i) incur any Indebtedness or guarantee any such Indebtedness of another Person or Persons; (ii) issue or sell any debt
securities or options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities, enter into any keep well or other
agreement to maintain any financial statement condition; or (iii) enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of
the foregoing; provided, however, that the SPAC shall be permitted to incur Indebtedness from its Affiliates and shareholders,
including the Sponsors and the Sponsors Affiliates, in order to meet its reasonable working capital requirements with any such
loans (A) to be made only as reasonably required by the operation of the SPAC in due course on a non-interest basis and otherwise on
terms and conditions no less favorable than arms-length (B) repayable at Closing and (C) included as SPAC Transaction Expenses;

(g)except as required by U.S. GAAP (or any interpretation thereof) or applicable Laws, make any change in accounting methods,
principles or practices;

(h)(i) make, change or revoke any material Tax election; (ii) settle or compromise any material Tax liability, enter into any
closing agreement in respect of material Taxes or enter into any Tax sharing or similar agreement; (iii) file any amended material
Tax Return other than any such amendments that would be consistent with past practice; (iv) consent to any extension or waiver of
the statute of limitations regarding any material amount of Taxes or in respect of any material Tax attribute that would give rise to
any claim or assessment of Taxes; (v) settle or consent to any claim or assessment relating to any material amount of Taxes; or (vi) surrender
or allow to expire any right to claim a refund of material taxes;

(i)create any Liens on any material property or material assets of the SPAC;

(j)liquidate, dissolve, reorganize or otherwise wind up the business or operations of the SPAC;

(k)commence, settle or compromise any Proceeding material to the SPAC or its properties or assets;

(l)engage in any material new line of business or engage in any commercial activities (other than to consummate the Transactions);

(m)(i) modify, amend or terminate the Trust Agreement or any PIPE Subscription Agreement or enter into, amend or terminate any other
agreement related to the Trust Account or PIPE Investments; or (ii) enter into, modify, amend or terminate any other agreement with any
SPAC Shareholders;

(n)amend or enter into any SPAC Material Contract that is listed as an exhibit to SPACs Registration Statement on Form S-l
(File No. 333-282271), any Contract set forth in Section 5.10 of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule (or that would have been required
to be set forth therein if such Contract existed on the date hereof) or any Contract of a type described in Section 5.17;

(o)hire or retain any employee or adopt or enter into any SPAC Employee Benefit Plan;

(p)grant any bonus, change in control payment, severance, retention or similar payments or success fees payable to any current or
former officer, employee, natural individual independent contractor or director of the SPAC as a result of the consummation of the Transactions;
or

55

(q) agree in writing or otherwise agree, commit or resolve to take any of the actions described in Section 6.2(a) through
Section 6.2(p).

6.3.Requests for Consent.

(a)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Parties acknowledge and agree that (a) an e-mail from the Company to
one or more of the individuals (or such other persons as the SPAC may specify by notice to the Company) set forth on Section 6.3
of the SPAC Disclosure Schedule specifically requesting consent under Section 6.1 shall constitute a valid request by the
Company for all purposes under Section 6.1, and (b) an e-mail from the SPAC to one or more of the individuals (or such
other persons as the Company may specify by notice to the SPAC) set forth on Section 6.3 of the VEON Disclosure Schedule specifically
requesting consent under Section 6.2 shall constitute a valid request by the SPAC for all purposes under Section 6.2.

(b)With respect to any request for consent under Section 6.1, (i) the SPAC shall respond by e-mail to the Company (and,
if different, ccing the person who sent the request to the SPAC) within eight (8) Business Days of receipt (or deemed receipt)
of the Companys request; (ii) the Company shall use reasonable efforts to provide any information reasonably requested by the SPAC
in connection with its consideration of the proposed action or matter; and (iii) if the SPAC fails to respond by e-mail to the Company
within the applicable time period, the consent of the SPAC shall be deemed to have been given in relation to the relevant action or matter.

Article VII

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

7.1.Registration Statement / Proxy Statement; Special Meeting; SPAC Shareholder Approval.

(a)Registration Statement / Proxy Statement.

(i)As promptly as reasonably practicable following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, New PubCo shall and Seller shall
cause New PubCo to, in accordance with this Section 7.1(a), prepare and file, and the Company and the SPAC shall reasonably
assist and cooperate with the preparation and filing of, a registration statement on Form F-4 with the SEC (such registration statement
(including the Proxy Statement) as amended or supplemented, the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement), which
registration statement shall include a proxy statement to be sent to the SPAC Shareholders in advance of the Special Meeting (such proxy
statement, as amended or supplemented, the Proxy Statement) for the purposes of (A) registering under the Securities
Act, to the extent permitted by applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, the New PubCo Common Shares to be issued in connection with
the Merger and the Sale (including any New PubCo Common Shares to be issued upon exercise of the SPAC Public Warrants assumed by New PubCo)
(together, the Registration Shares), (B) providing SPAC Shareholders with notice of the opportunity to redeem
their shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares in accordance with Article 49.5 of the SPAC Governing Documents (the SPAC Shareholder
Redemption), and (C) soliciting proxies from holders of shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares to vote at the Special
Meeting in favor of: (1) the adoption of this Agreement and approval of the Transactions, the authorization of the Plan of Merger
and the approval of the Surviving Company Governing Documents; (2) the approval of the Merger; (3) the adoption and approval of each other
proposal that either the SEC or Nasdaq (or the respective staff members thereof) indicates is necessary in its comments to the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement or in correspondence related thereto; (4) other proposals the Parties deem necessary or appropriate to
consummate the Transactions; and (5) the adoption and approval of a proposal for the postponement or adjournment of the Special Meeting,
if necessary, to permit further solicitation of proxies because there are not sufficient votes to approve and adopt any of the foregoing
(collectively, the items in this clause (C) being the SPAC Shareholder
Matters), all in accordance with and as required by the SPAC Governing Documents, applicable Laws, and any applicable rules
and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. Each of New PubCo, the Company and the SPAC shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the
Registration Statement / Proxy Statement to comply as to form and substance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and keep the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement effective as long as is
necessary to consummate the Transactions.

56

(ii)The SPAC shall file (i) the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement, to the extent required under the rules and regulations of
the SEC and (ii) file the definitive Proxy Statement with the SEC and cause such Proxy Statement to be mailed to its shareholders of record,
as of the record date to be established by the board of directors of the SPAC in accordance with Section 7.1(b), as promptly
as practicable following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement (such date, the Proxy Clearance Date).

(iii)Prior to each filing with the SEC of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement and any other documents to be filed with the
SEC that relate to the Transactions, both preliminary and final, and any amendment or supplement thereto, New PubCo will make available
to the Company and the SPAC and their respective counsels a draft thereof and will provide the Company and New PubCo (including their
respective counsel) with a reasonable opportunity to comment on such draft and shall consider such comments in good faith. New PubCo shall
not file any such documents with the SEC without the prior written consent of the Company and the SPAC (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed and such consent may be provided by email by each respective Party or an authorized representative of
such Party, as applicable). New PubCo will advise the Company and the SPAC, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of: (A) the
time when the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement has been filed; (B) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement / Proxy
Statement; (C) the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement; (D) the issuance of any
stop order by the SEC or of the initiation or written threat of any proceeding for such purpose; (E) any request by the SEC for amendment
of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement; (F) any comments from the SEC relating to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement
and responses thereto; and (G) requests by the SEC for additional information relating to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement.
New PubCo shall respond to any SEC comments on the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement as promptly as practicable and shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement cleared by the SEC under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable;
provided that prior to responding to any requests or comments from the SEC, New PubCo will make available to the Company and the
SPAC (including their respective counsels) drafts of any such response and provide the Company and the SPAC (including their respective
counsels) with a reasonable opportunity to comment on such drafts and will consider any such comments in good faith and provided further,
that each of the Company and the SPAC agree to cooperate fully with the preparation of responses to any comments from the SEC which relate
to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement. Without limiting the foregoing, ahead of any subsequent filing of the Registration Statement
/ Proxy Statement, each of the Company and the SPAC shall use its reasonable best efforts to provide any financial statements (including
pro forma financial statements) and information required by Regulation S-X and the other rules and regulations of the SEC for inclusion
in the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement to the extent that the Financial Statements are no longer current under the Regulation
S-X.

57

(iv)If, at any time prior to the Special Meeting, there shall be discovered any information that should be set forth in an amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement so that the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement would not include any
misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, New PubCo
shall promptly file an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement containing such information and, to
the extent required, the SPAC shall promptly file such amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement containing
the same information. At any time prior to the Closing, the Company shall promptly inform the SPAC and New PubCo of any action taken or
not taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or of any development regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in any such
case which is known by the Company, that would cause the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement to contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; provided that, if any such action shall be taken or fail to be taken or such development shall otherwise
occur, the SPAC, New PubCo and the Company shall cooperate fully to cause an amendment or supplement to be made promptly to the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement, such that the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement no longer contains an untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading; provided, further, however, that no information received by the SPAC pursuant to this paragraph
shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or made by the party who disclosed such
information. At any time prior to the Closing, the SPAC shall promptly inform the Company and New PubCo of any action taken or not taken
by the SPAC or of any development regarding the SPAC, in any such case which is known by the SPAC, that would cause the Registration Statement
/ Proxy Statement to contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, if any such action shall be taken or fail
to be taken or such development shall otherwise occur, the SPAC, New PubCo and the Company shall cooperate fully to cause an amendment
or supplement to be made promptly to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement, such that the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement
no longer contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, further, however, that no information
received by the Company and New PubCo pursuant to this paragraph shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty
or agreement given or made by the party who disclosed such information.

(v)New PubCo or the SPAC, as applicable, shall make all necessary filings, as required for itself, with respect to the Transactions
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and applicable blue sky laws and any rules and regulations thereunder.

(vi)Each of the Company, the SPAC and New PubCo agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly furnish to the other Parties
and their respective Representatives all information within its possession concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, officers, directors, managers,
shareholders and other equityholders, as well as information regarding such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable
or as may be reasonably requested in connection with the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement, a Current Report on Form 8-K, Report
of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K pursuant to the Exchange Act in connection with the Transactions, or any other statement, filing,
notice or application made by or on behalf of the SPAC, New PubCo, the Company or VEON Ltd. to any regulatory authority (including Nasdaq)
in connection with the Transactions.

58

(b)The SPAC shall, as promptly as practicable following the Proxy Clearance Date, take, in accordance with applicable Laws, Nasdaq
rules and the SPAC Governing Documents, and will cause its Affiliates and Representatives to take, all action necessary to establish a
record date (which date shall be mutually agreed with the Company) for, duly call and give notice of, the Special Meeting and commence
the mailing of the Proxy Statement to the SPAC Shareholders. The SPAC shall convene and hold a special meeting of the SPAC Shareholders
(the Special Meeting), for the purpose of obtaining the SPAC Shareholder Approval, which meeting shall be held not
more than 25 Business Days after the date on which the SPAC mails the Proxy Statement to its shareholders. The SPAC shall use reasonable
best efforts to obtain the SPAC Shareholder Approval
at the Special Meeting, including by soliciting proxies as promptly as practicable in accordance with applicable Laws for the purpose
of seeking the SPAC Shareholder Approval. The SPAC shall include the SPAC Recommendation in the Proxy Statement. The SPAC shall keep the
Company reasonably informed regarding all matters relating to the SPAC Shareholder Matters and the Special Meeting, including by promptly
furnishing any voting or proxy solicitation reports received by the SPAC in respect of such matters and similar updates regarding any
redemptions. The SPAC agrees that its obligation to establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold the Special
Meeting for the purpose of seeking the SPAC Shareholder Approval shall not be affected by any intervening event or circumstance, and the
SPAC agrees to establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold the Special Meeting and submit for the approval
of the SPAC Shareholders the SPAC Shareholder Matters, in each case, in accordance with this Agreement, regardless of any intervening
event or circumstance. The board of directors of the SPAC shall not (and no committee or subgroup thereof shall) change, withdraw, withhold,
qualify or modify, or publicly propose to change, withdraw, withhold, qualify or modify, the SPAC Recommendation. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the SPAC shall be entitled to postpone or adjourn the Special Meeting on one or more occasions
for up to 45 days in the aggregate to the extent that such postponement or adjournment is reasonably necessary (i) to ensure that any
supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement that the board of directors of the SPAC has determined in good
faith and on the advice of counsel is required by applicable Laws is disclosed to SPAC Shareholders and for such supplement or amendment
to be promptly disseminated to SPAC Shareholders prior to the Special Meeting to the extent required by applicable Laws, (ii) to ensure
that if, as of the time for which the Special Meeting is originally scheduled (as set forth in the Proxy Statement), there are insufficient
shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business
to be conducted at the Special Meeting; (iii) to seek withdrawals of redemption requests from SPAC Shareholders if the SPAC reasonably
expects the SPAC Shareholder Redemption payments would cause the condition in Section 8.1(f) to not be satisfied at the Closing;
or (iv) in order to solicit additional proxies from shareholders for purposes of obtaining approval of the SPAC Shareholder Matters; provided
that in the event of a postponement or adjournment the Special Meeting shall be reconvened as promptly as practicable, following
such time as the matters described in such clauses have been resolved; provided, further, that the SPAC shall not be entitled
to postpone or adjourn the Special Meeting without the prior written consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed). The SPAC shall, in accordance with Section 238(4) of the Cayman Act, give written notice of the authorization
of the Merger to any SPAC Shareholder who made a written objection to the Merger in accordance with Section 238(2) of the Cayman Act.

7.2.Certain Regulatory Matters. Without prejudice to Section 7.5, each of the Parties:

(a)acting reasonably and in good faith shall determine and agree in writing whether any pre-Closing consents, approvals, clearances,
confirmations, waivers, licenses, permits, orders, or any other authorizations from Governmental Entities are required to implement the
Sale and/or the Merger (such agreed approvals being the Agreed Regulatory Approvals);

59

(b)in
the event it is determined any Agreed Regulatory Approval is required, shall, and shall ensure that their respective Representatives
shall, use their reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary, proper or advisable, as determined by each of the Parties in
their reasonable discretion, to obtain such Agreed Regulatory Approval as promptly as practicable, including: (i) preparing and
making all filings, applications, notifications, or submissions (whether initial or supplementary) required under any applicable
Laws in connection therewith as promptly as practicable (and in any event in accordance with any applicable time limits); (ii)
promptly furnishing to the other Parties and the applicable Governmental Entities such documents, information, and assistance as
they may reasonably request (and in any case in accordance with any applicable time limits); (iii) using reasonable best efforts to
promptly and in good faith respond to any reasonable requests for information from the other Parties and the applicable Governmental
Entities in connection therewith and taking all steps necessary, proper, or advisable to avoid any declaration of incompleteness,
suspension or extension of the respective review period by the applicable Governmental Entity; (iv) obtaining duly issued consents,
approvals, clearances, confirmations, waivers, licenses, permits, orders or any other authorizations from the applicable
Governmental Entities required in connection therewith as soon as practicable (and in any event in accordance with any applicable
time limits); (v) otherwise using reasonable best efforts to cooperate in good faith with the other Parties and the applicable
Governmental Entities and taking actions necessary, proper, or advisable in connection therewith;

(c)shall, and shall ensure that their Representatives shall: (i) promptly provide the other Parties with copies of all material written
communications (and memoranda setting forth the substance of all material oral communications) between each of them, any of their Affiliates,
and their respective Representatives, on the one hand, and any Governmental Entity, on the other hand, in connection with the Transaction;
(ii) promptly inform the other Parties of any material communications to or from Governmental Entities in connection with the Transactions;
(iii) permit the other Parties to review reasonably in advance any filings, applications, notifications, or submissions (whether initial
or supplementary) or material proposed written communication to any Governmental Entity in connection with the Transactions and incorporate
reasonable comments thereto, provided that the respective Parties promptly provide their comments; (iv) give the other Parties prompt
written notice of the commencement of any Proceeding in connection with the Transactions and keep the other Parties reasonably informed
as to the status of such Proceeding; (v) not agree to participate in any substantive meeting or discussion with any such Governmental
Entity in respect of any filing, investigation, or inquiry in connection with the Transactions unless, and to the extent reasonably practicable,
they consult with the other Parties in advance and, to the extent permitted by such Governmental Entity, give the other Parties the opportunity
to attend; and (vi) promptly furnish each other with copies of all material correspondence, filings, and material written communications
between such Party, their Affiliates and their respective Representatives, on the one hand, and any such Governmental Entity in connection
with the Transactions, provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties shall not be required to disclose
confidential, commercially sensitive, or legally privileged information relating to themselves, their Affiliates or Representatives to
the other Parties unless the provision of such documents or information is necessary under applicable Law, in which case the disclosure
of such information shall be made only to the extent allowed under applicable Law, with appropriate redactions or on a confidential external
counsel-to-counsel basis; and

(d)shall not, and shall ensure that their Representatives shall not, take any actions that could reasonably be expected to adversely
affect the obtaining of the Agreed Regulatory Approvals (if any) or consummation of the Transactions.

7.3.Other Filings; Press Release.

(a)Within four business days after the execution of this Agreement and not later than as required by applicable Laws, (i) the
SPAC will prepare and file a Current Report on Form 8-K pursuant to the Exchange Act to report the execution of this Agreement and
any other required matters to be reported in accordance with the rules under Form 8-K, the form and substance of which shall be approved
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) in advance in writing by the Company; and (ii) VEON Ltd. will prepare and file
a Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K pursuant to the Exchange Act to report the execution of this Agreement. For purposes
of this Section 7.3(a), a business day shall mean a business day as defined by the SEC.

(b)Promptly after the execution of this Agreement, the SPAC and the Company shall also issue a mutually agreeable joint press release
announcing the execution of this Agreement.

60

(c) The SPAC shall prepare a draft Current Report on Form 8-K announcing the results of the Special Meeting and such other information
that may be required to be disclosed with respect to the Transactions in any report or form to be filed with the SEC prior to the Closing
(Special Meeting Form 8-K), the form and substance of which shall be approved (not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) in advance in writing by the Company. New PubCo shall prepare a draft Current Report on Form 6-K announcing
the Closing and such other information that may be required to be disclosed with respect to the Transactions (the Closing Form 6-K),
the form and substance of which shall be approved (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) in advance in writing by the
SPAC and the Seller. Within four business days of the date of the Special Meeting, the SPAC shall file the Special Meeting Form 8-K
with the SEC. Concurrently with the Closing, or as soon as practicable thereafter, New PubCo shall file the Closing Form 6-K with
the SEC. Prior to the Closing, the SPAC and the Company shall prepare a mutually agreeable joint press release announcing the consummation
of the Transactions hereunder (Closing Press Release). Substantially concurrently with the Closing, the SPAC shall
issue the Closing Press Release. For purposes of this Section 7.3(c), a business day shall mean a business day as
defined by the SEC.

7.4.Confidentiality; Communications Plan; Access to Information.

(a)Following the date hereof, the Confidentiality Agreement shall be superseded in its entirety by the provisions of this Agreement.
Beginning on the date hereof, and ending on the second anniversary of this Agreement, each Party agrees to maintain in confidence any
non-public information received from the other Parties, and to use such non-public information only for purposes of consummating the Transactions.
Such confidentiality obligations will not apply to: (i) information which was known to one Party or its agents or representatives
prior to receipt from the Company, on the one hand, or the SPAC, on the other hand, as applicable; (ii) information which is or becomes
generally known to the public without breach of this Agreement or an existing obligation of confidentiality (including the Confidentiality
Agreement); (iii) information acquired by a Party or their respective agents from a third party who was not bound to an obligation
of confidentiality to the disclosing Party or an Affiliate thereof; (iv) information developed by such Party independently without
any reliance on the non-public information received from any other Party; (v) outside legal counsel determines disclosure is required
by applicable Law or stock exchange rule; or (vi) prior to the Closing, disclosure consented to in writing by the SPAC (in the case
of disclosure by the Company Parties) or the Company (in the case of disclosure by the SPAC). 

(b)The SPAC, the Seller, and the Company shall reasonably cooperate to create and implement a communications plan regarding the Transactions
promptly following the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Parties or any of their respective Affiliates will make
any public announcement or issue any public communication regarding this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or the Transactions
or any matter related to the foregoing, without the prior written consent of the Company, in the case of a public announcement by the
SPAC or its Affiliates, or the SPAC, in the case of a public announcement by any Company Party or their Affiliates (such consents, in
either case, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), provided that the disclosing Party first shall allow such
other Parties to review, to the extent reasonably practicable and legally permissible, such announcement or communication and have the
opportunity to comment thereon and the disclosing Party shall consider such comments in good faith, except: (i) if such announcement
or other communication is required by applicable Laws, in which case, other than, in the case of the Company Parties, routine disclosures
to Governmental Entities made by any Company Party or its Affiliates in the ordinary course of business or any other communication by
any Company Party or its Affiliates that is not widely disseminated, the disclosing Party first shall allow such other Parties to review,
to the extent reasonably practicable and legally permissible, such public announcement or public communication or dissemination and have
the opportunity to comment thereon and the disclosing Party shall consider such comments in good faith; and (ii) in the case of the Company
Parties internal announcements to employees or external communications to banks, customers or suppliers, in each case, as the Company determines
to be reasonably appropriate (such determination to be made by the Company in good faith).

61

(c)Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, VEON Ltd. shall be permitted to make disclosures in accordance with the
applicable securities Laws, Orders, listing agreements and rules of stock exchanges on which its securities are traded.

(d)The Company will afford the SPAC and its financial advisors, accountants, counsel and other representatives reasonable access during
normal business hours, upon reasonable notice, to the properties, books, records and personnel of the Group Companies during the period
prior to the Closing to obtain information concerning the business, including the status of business development efforts, properties,
results of operations and personnel of the Group Companies, as the SPAC may reasonably request in connection with the consummation of
the Transactions; provided, however, that any such access shall be conducted in a manner not to materially interfere with
the businesses or operations of the Group Companies. The SPAC will afford the Company and its financial advisors, underwriters, accountants,
counsel and other representatives reasonable access during normal business hours, upon reasonable notice, to the properties, books, records
and personnel of the SPAC during the period prior to the Closing to obtain information concerning the business, including properties,
results of operations and personnel of the SPAC, as the Company may reasonably request in connection with the consummation of the Transactions;
provided, however, that any such access shall be conducted in a manner not to materially interfere with the businesses or
operations of the SPAC. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Parties shall not be required to take any action, provide any access
or furnish any information that such Party in good faith reasonably believes would be reasonably likely to (i) cause or constitute
a waiver of any attorney-client or other privilege or, (ii) violate any Contract to which such Party or any of its Affiliates is
a party or bound; provided that the Parties agree to cooperate in good faith to make alternative arrangements to allow for such
access or furnishings in a manner that does not result in the events set out in clauses (i) and (ii).

7.5.Commercially Reasonable Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and without limitation
to any other covenant or agreement in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, each of the Seller, the Company, New PubCo, Merger
Sub and the SPAC agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, actions, and to do, or cause to be done,
and to assist and cooperate with the other Parties in doing, things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, as
promptly as practicable, the Merger and the other Transactions, including using commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the following:
(a) the taking of all commercially reasonable acts necessary to cause the conditions precedent set forth in Article VIII,
to be satisfied; (b) the obtaining of all necessary actions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from Governmental
Entities and the making of all necessary registrations, declarations and filings, including registrations, declarations and filings with
Governmental Entities, if any are agreed by the Parties to be required to consummate the Transactions; (c) the obtaining of all consents,
approvals or waivers from third parties required as a result of the Transactions set forth on Section 7.5(c) of the VEON Disclosure
Schedule; (d) the termination of each agreement set forth on Section 7.5(d) of the VEON Disclosure Schedule; (e) the
defending of any suits, claims, actions, investigations or proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement
or the consummation of the Transactions, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other
Governmental Entity vacated or reversed; and (f) the execution or delivery of any additional instruments reasonably necessary to
consummate, and to fully carry out the purposes of, the Transactions. This obligation shall include, on the part of the SPAC, sending
a termination letter to Continental Trust substantially in the applicable form attached to the Trust Agreement (the Trust Termination
Letter). Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 7.5 or otherwise in this Agreement to the contrary,
nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require the SPAC or any Company Party to (and neither the SPAC nor any Company Party shall,
without the other Partys prior written consent) offer, negotiate, agree to, consent to, or effect any divestiture, transfer, license or other disposition by itself
or any of its Affiliates of shares or shares of capital stock or of any business, assets or property, the imposition of any limitation
on the ability of any of them to conduct their business or to own or exercise control of their respective assets, properties, shares and
capital stock, the incurrence of any liability or expense, or any other remedy, commitment or condition of any kind.

62

7.6.Information Supplied.

(a)The information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of the SPAC for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) will not, on the date of filing thereof or when the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement is declared effective or the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to SPAC Shareholders, as applicable,
or at the time of the Special Meeting, contain any untrue statement of any material fact, or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading at the time and in light of the circumstances under which such statement is made. The Registration Statement / Proxy Statement
will comply in all material respects as to form with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b)The information relating to the Group Companies, New PubCo and Merger Sub to be supplied by or on behalf of the Company for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) will not, on the
date of filing thereof or when the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement is declared effective or the date the Proxy Statement is first
mailed to SPAC Shareholder, as applicable, or at the time of the Special Meeting, in the case of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement,
contain any untrue statement of any material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements therein, not misleading, and in the case of the Proxy Statement, contain any untrue statement of any material fact,
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading at the time and in light of the circumstances under which such statement is made.
The Registration Statement / Proxy Statement will comply in all material respects as to form with the requirements of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations thereunder.

7.7.No Securities Transactions. No member of the VEON Group or any Group Company on the one hand, or the SPAC on the other hand,
will, directly or indirectly, engage in any transactions involving the securities of the SPAC or VEON Ltd., respectively, take any other
action with respect to the securities of the SPAC or VEON Ltd., respectively, in violation of the U.S. federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq, or cause or encourage any third party to do any of the foregoing, prior to the time of the
making of a public announcement regarding all of the material terms of the business and operations of the Company and the Transactions.
The Seller, the Group Companies and the SPAC shall direct each of its officers and directors to comply with the foregoing requirement.

63

7.8.No
Claim Against Trust Account. Each Company Party acknowledges and understands that the SPAC has established the Trust Account
described therein for the benefit of the SPACs public shareholders and that disbursements from the Trust Account are
available only in the limited circumstances set forth in the Trust Agreement. The Company further acknowledges that, if the
Transactions are not, or, in the event of a termination of this Agreement, another business combination is not, consummated within
24 months from the closing of the SPACs initial public offering, the SPAC will be obligated to return to its shareholders the
amounts being held in the Trust Account. Accordingly, each of the Company Parties hereby irrevocably waives any right, title,
interest or claim (whether based on contract, tort, equity or any other theory of legal liability) of any kind it has or may have in
the future in or to the Trust Account and agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account or any funds distributed therefrom
as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement, the Transactions or any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the SPAC; provided
that: (a) nothing herein shall serve to limit or prohibit any Company Partys right to pursue a claim against the SPAC
pursuant to this Agreement for legal relief against monies or other assets of the SPAC held outside the Trust Account or for
specific performance or other equitable relief in connection with the Transactions (including a claim for the SPAC to specifically
perform its obligations under this Agreement and cause the disbursement of the balance of the cash remaining in the Trust Account
(after giving effect to the SPAC Shareholder Redemptions) to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the
Trust Agreement) (so long as such claim would not affect the SPACs ability to fulfill its obligation to effectuate any SPAC
Shareholder Redemption) or for Intentional Fraud; and (b) nothing herein shall serve to limit or prohibit any claims that any
Company Party may have in the future pursuant to this Agreement against the SPACs assets or funds that are not held in the
Trust Account (including any such assets or funds that have been released from the Trust Account). Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, this Section 7.8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.

7.9.Disclosure of Certain Matters. Each of the SPAC, New PubCo, Merger Sub, the Seller, and the Company will promptly provide
the other Parties with prompt written notice of: (a) any event, development or condition of which it obtains knowledge that: (i) is
reasonably likely to cause any of the conditions set forth in Article VIII not to be satisfied; or (ii) would require
any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement; or (b) the receipt of notice from any Person alleging
that the consent of such Person may be required in connection with the Transactions.

7.10.Securities Listings. From the date hereof through the Closing, the SPAC shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure the
SPAC remains listed as a public company on, and for shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares to be listed on, Nasdaq. Prior to the Closing
Date, New PubCo shall apply for (and the Company and the SPAC shall reasonably cooperate with New PubCo with respect thereto), and each
shall use reasonable best efforts to, cause the Registration Shares issued in connection with the Transactions to be approved for listing
on Nasdaq (or other public stock market or exchange in the United States as may be agreed by the Company and the SPAC) and accepted for
clearance by the Depository Trust Company, subject to official notice of issuance, at Closing.

7.11.No Solicitation.

(a)During the Interim Period, the Company shall not, and shall cause the Companys Subsidiaries not to, and shall direct their
respective Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, other than as contemplated by this Agreement: (i) solicit, initiate, enter
into or continue discussions, negotiations or transactions with, or encourage or respond to any inquiries or proposals by, or provide
any information to, any Person (other than the SPAC and its Representatives) concerning any merger, consolidation, sale of ownership interests
and/or material assets, recapitalization or similar transaction of, by or involving any Group Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub (each,
a Company Business Combination); (ii) enter into any agreement regarding, or cooperate in any way that would
otherwise reasonably be expected to lead to a Company Business Combination; or (iii) commence, continue or renew any due diligence
investigation regarding a Company Business Combination, in each case provided that the provisions of this Section 7.11(a)
shall not in any way restrict (x) the implementation of the VEON Pre-Closing Steps; or (y) any actions expressly permitted to be taken
by this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents. The Company shall, and shall cause the Companys Subsidiaries to, and
shall cause their respective Representatives to, immediately cease any and all existing discussions or negotiations with any Person (other
than the SPAC and its Representatives) with respect to any Company Business Combination. 

64

(b)During the Interim Period, the SPAC shall not, and shall cause the Sponsor not to, and shall direct its Representatives not to,
directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate, enter into or continue discussions or transactions with, or encourage or respond to
any inquiries or proposals by, or provide any information to, any Person (other than the Company
Parties and their respective Representatives) concerning any merger, consolidation, purchase of ownership interests or assets, recapitalization
or similar business combination transaction of, by or involving the SPAC (each, a SPAC Business Combination); (ii) enter
into any agreement regarding, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or cooperate in any way
that would otherwise reasonably be expected to lead to a SPAC Business Combination; or (iii) commence, continue or renew any due
diligence investigation regarding a SPAC Business Combination. The SPAC shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, immediately cease
any and all existing discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to any SPAC Business Combination.

(c)Each Party shall promptly (and in no event later than twenty-four (24) hours after becoming aware of such inquiry, proposal, offer
or submission) notify the other Parties if it or, to its knowledge, any of its or its Representatives receives any inquiry, proposal,
offer or submission with respect to a Company Business Combination or SPAC Business Combination, as applicable, after the execution and
delivery of this Agreement. If either Party or its Representatives receives an inquiry, proposal, offer or submission with respect to
a Company Business Combination or SPAC Business Combination, as applicable, such Party shall keep the other Parties reasonably informed
of any material developments with respect to such inquiry, proposal, offer or submission. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any
Party may respond to any unsolicited proposal regarding a Company Business Combination or SPAC Business Combination by stating only that
such Party has entered into a binding definitive agreement with respect to a business combination and is unable to provide any information
related to such Party or any of its Subsidiaries or entertain any proposals or offers or engage in any negotiations or discussions concerning
a Company Business Combination or SPAC Business Combination, as applicable.

7.12.Trust Account. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII and provision of notice
thereof to Continental Trust (which notice the SPAC shall provide to Continental Trust in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement):
(a) in accordance with and pursuant to the Trust Agreement, at the Closing, the SPAC: (i) shall cause the documents, opinions
and notices required to be delivered to Continental Trust pursuant to the Trust Agreement to be so delivered, including providing Continental
Trust with the Trust Termination Letter; and (ii) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause Continental Trust to, and Continental
Trust shall thereupon be obligated to, distribute the Trust Account as directed in the Trust Termination Letter, including all amounts
payable: (A) to SPAC Shareholders who properly elect to have their shares of SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares redeemed for cash in accordance
with the provisions of SPAC Governing Documents; (B) for income tax or other tax obligations of the SPAC prior to the Closing; (C)
for all Seller Transaction Expenses and Outstanding SPAC Transaction Expenses to be paid or reimbursed pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement; and (D) as reimbursement of expenses to directors, officers and shareholders of the SPAC and any other Indebtedness of
the SPAC, if any (which shall be deemed to be Outstanding SPAC Transaction Expenses); and (b) thereafter, the remaining proceeds
delivered to the Surviving Company and the Trust Account shall terminate, except as otherwise provided therein.

7.13.Director and Officer Matters.

(a)New PubCo, Merger Sub and the Company.

(i)New PubCo agrees that all rights to exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses now existing in favor of the current
or former directors or officers, as the case may be, of any New PubCo, Merger Sub or the Company (each, together with such persons
heirs, executors or administrators (a VEON D&O Indemnified Party)), as provided in the New PubCo Governing Documents,
Merger Sub Governing Documents or Company Governing Documents shall survive the Closing and shall continue in full force and effect. For
a period of six years following the Closing Date, New PubCo shall, and shall cause the Company to, maintain in effect exculpation, indemnification
and advancement of expenses provisions that are no
less favorable than those of the New PubCo Governing Documents and Company Governing Documents, respectively, as in effect immediately
prior to the Closing Date, and New PubCo shall, and shall cause the Company to, not amend, repeal or otherwise modify any such provisions
in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any VEON D&O Indemnified Party unless required by applicable Law;
provided, however, that all rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses in respect of any Proceedings pending or
asserted or any claim made within such period shall continue until the disposition of such Proceeding or resolution of such claim.

65

(ii)The rights of each VEON D&O Indemnified Party hereunder shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other rights
such person may have under the New PubCo Governing Documents or Merger Sub Governing Documents, any other indemnification arrangement,
any Law or otherwise. The obligations of New PubCo and the Company under this Section 7.13(a) shall not be terminated or modified
in such a manner as to adversely affect any VEON D&O Indemnified Party without the consent of such VEON D&O Indemnified Party.
The provisions of this Section 7.13(a) shall survive the Closing and expressly are intended to benefit, and are enforceable
by, each of the VEON D&O Indemnified Parties, each of whom is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 7.13(a).

(iii)If New PubCo or, after the Closing, the Surviving Company or any of their respective successors or assigns: (i) consolidates
with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger; or (ii) transfers
or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, in each such case, proper provision shall be made
so that the successors and assigns of New PubCo or Merger Sub, as applicable, assume the obligations set forth in this Section 7.13(a).

(b)The SPAC.

(i)New PubCo agrees that all rights to exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses now existing in favor of the current
or former directors or officers, as the case may be, of the SPAC (each, together with such persons heirs, executors or administrators,
a SPAC D&O Indemnified Party), as provided in the SPAC Governing Documents, shall survive the Closing and shall
continue in full force and effect. For a period of six years from the Closing Date, New PubCo shall maintain in effect exculpation, indemnification
and advancement of expenses provisions no less favorable than those of SPAC Governing Documents as in effect immediately prior to the
Closing Date, and New PubCo shall not amend, repeal or otherwise modify any such provisions in any manner that would adversely affect
the rights thereunder of any SPAC D&O Indemnified Party unless required by applicable Law; provided, however, that all
rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses in respect of any Proceedings pending or asserted or any claim made within such period
shall continue until the disposition of such Proceeding or resolution of such claim.

(ii)Prior to the Closing, the SPAC shall obtain a tail or runoff directors and officers liability
insurance policy (the SPAC D&O Tail) in respect of acts or omissions occurring prior to the Closing covering
each such Person prior to the Closing that is or was a director or officer of the SPAC on terms with respect to coverage, deductibles
and amounts as is reasonably appropriate for companies of similar circumstances or as commercially practicable under market conditions
at such time. The SPAC D&O Tail shall be maintained for the six-year period following the Closing. New PubCo shall maintain the SPAC
D&O Tail in full force and effect for its full term and shall honor all obligations thereunder, and no other party shall have any
further obligation to purchase or pay for such insurance pursuant to this Section 7.13(b)(ii).

(iii)The rights of each SPAC D&O Indemnified Party hereunder shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other rights
such person may have under the SPAC Governing Documents, any other indemnification arrangement,
any Law or otherwise. The obligations of New PubCo and the SPAC under this Section 7.13(b) shall not be terminated or modified
in such a manner as to adversely affect any SPAC D&O Indemnified Party without the consent of such SPAC D&O Indemnified Party.
The provisions of this Section 7.13(b) shall survive the Closing and expressly are intended to benefit, and are enforceable
by, each of the SPAC D&O Indemnified Parties, each of whom is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 7.13(b).

66

(iv)If New PubCo or any of its successors or assigns: (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger; or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties
and assets to any Person, then, in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of New PubCo assume
the obligations set forth in this Section 7.13(b).

7.14.Tax Matters

(a)New PubCo, the SPAC, the Seller and the Company shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other party,
in connection with matters relating to the Intended Tax Treatment or the filing or amendment of Tax Returns and any audit or other proceeding
with respect to Taxes or Tax Returns of New PubCo, the SPAC, the Seller (solely to the extent related to its ownership of the Group Companies)
or any Group Company. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon another partys request) the provision of records and
information which are reasonably relevant to any such Tax Return, audit or other proceeding and making employees available on a mutually
convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder.

(b)All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, excise, recording, registration value added and other such similar
Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) that become payable in connection with or by reason of the execution of this Agreement
and the Transactions, but in each case excluding any Taxes required to be paid by the SPAC in respect of any redemptions, including the
SPAC Shareholder Redemptions, pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (collectively, Transfer Taxes) shall
be borne and paid by New PubCo. Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, New PubCo shall timely file any Tax Return or other document
with respect to such Taxes or fees (and the Company and Merger Sub and the SPAC and New PubCo shall reasonably cooperate with respect
thereto as necessary). The Company and the SPAC shall reasonably cooperate to reduce or eliminate the amount of any such Transfer Taxes.

(c)Each of the Company Parties and the SPAC shall (i) use its respective commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Sale, the Merger
and, to the extent applicable, the PIPE Investments to qualify, and agree not to, and not to permit or cause any of their Affiliates or
Subsidiaries to, take any action which to its knowledge could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede such Transactions from qualifying,
for the Intended Tax Treatment. The SPAC and each of the Company Parties shall report the Sale, the Merger and, to the extent applicable,
the PIPE Investments, consistently with the Intended Tax Treatment unless otherwise required pursuant to a determination
within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code.

(d)In the event that the SEC requests any tax opinion/disclosure with respect to the Merger and/or the tax consequences to the SPAC
Shareholders of the Merger in connection with the Registration Statement/Proxy Statement, (i) each of the Company Parties and the SPAC
shall reasonably cooperate to execute and deliver to SPAC Counsel such customary tax representation letters as SPAC Counsel may reasonably
request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to SPAC Counsel and (ii) the SPAC shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
SPAC Counsel to draft such disclosure and/or deliver any such opinion (or, if applicable, to explain why it is not able to provide such
opinion). Any such opinions shall be based on the facts, representations,
assumptions and exclusions set forth in such opinion, and in rendering such opinions, SPAC Counsel shall be entitled to rely upon customary
assumptions and the tax representation letters referred to in this Section 7.14(d) and any other representations as may be reasonably
requested by SPAC Counsel.

67

(e)The Seller shall cause a request to be timely filed with the Dutch Tax Authorities by the parent of the fiscal unity for Dutch
corporate income tax purposes (DCIT Fiscal Unity) and by the Company on the basis of section 3.3 of the Decree of
14 December 2010, no. DGB2010/4620M, most recently amended by the Decree of 2 April 2024, no. 2024-186206, to confirm that the CIT Fiscal
Unity between the Seller and the Company will not terminate on the date of this Agreement.

7.15.New PubCo Board.

(a)The SPAC and New PubCo shall take all necessary action to cause the New PubCo Board as of immediately following the Closing to
consist of up to seven directors, with one director designated by the SPAC and up to six directors designated by the Seller. The
SPAC and the Seller shall expend commercially reasonable efforts to make such designations prior to the Proxy Clearance Date, and in any
event prior to the Merger Effective Time. The Parties shall take all necessary actions consistent with applicable Laws to cause the New
PubCo Board to be comprised of such designees. Any subsequent New PubCo Board shall be composed in accordance with and subject to the
terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated New PubCo Governing Documents.

(b)The New PubCo Board will, on the Closing Date, adopt resolutions (by vote or written consent) appointing officers of New PubCo.

(c)The New PubCo Board will approve New PubCos entry into indemnification agreements with each director and officer of New
PubCo, in form and substance that is reasonably acceptable to New PubCo, within fifteen (15) days of such directors or officers
appointment.

7.16.New PubCo Equity Plan.

(a)The SPAC, New PubCo and the Company shall cooperate to establish an equity incentive plan (the New PubCo Equity Plan)
for directors, officers, employees and independent contractors of New PubCo and the Group Companies, to be approved by New PubCo and the
Company and effective as of (and contingent on) the Closing. The proposed form of the New PubCo Equity Plan shall be approved by the SPAC
prior to the Closing Date. New PubCo shall obtain the approval of the New PubCo Equity Plan from the New PubCo Board and the shareholder
of New PubCo prior to the Closing, reserving the number of New PubCo Common Shares for grant thereunder equal to the New PubCo Equity
Plan Amount (or such higher number as may be mutually agreed by the SPAC and the Company prior to the Closing Date).

(b)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Party acknowledges and agrees that all provisions contained in this Section 7.16
are included for the sole benefit of the SPAC, New PubCo and the Company, and that nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied,
(i) shall be construed to establish, amend or modify any employee benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement, (ii) shall
limit the right of the SPAC, New PubCo, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates to amend, terminate or otherwise modify any
SPAC Employee Benefit Plan or Group Employee Benefit Plan (as applicable) or other employee benefit plan, agreement or other arrangement
before, on or following the Closing, or (iii) shall confer upon any Person who is not a Party (including any equityholder, any current
or former director, manager, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company, or any participant in any SPAC Employee Benefit
Plan or Group Employee Benefit Plan (as applicable) or other employee benefit plan, agreement or other arrangement
(or any dependent or beneficiary thereof)), any right to continued or resumed employment or recall, any right to compensation or benefits,
or any third-party beneficiary or other right of any kind or nature whatsoever.

68

7.17.Financial Statements; Other Financial Information.

(a)As promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to the SPAC, for inclusion in the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement, the PCAOB Audited Financials and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of the independent
auditors to use such PCAOB Audited Financials in the Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement.

(b)The Company, the SPAC, New PubCo and Merger Sub shall each use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to assist the other
in preparing in a timely manner any other financial information or statements (including customary pro forma financial statements and/or
such financial statements for other periods as contemplated by the rules of the SEC) that are required to be included in the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement and any other filings to be made by the SPAC or New PubCo with the SEC in connection with the Transactions.

7.18.Transaction Litigation. From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Closing or the termination of
this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the SPAC, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall each notify the other
in writing promptly after learning of any shareholder or stockholder demands or other shareholder or stockholder Proceedings (including
derivative claims) relating to this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other matters relating thereto (collectively, Transaction
Litigation) commenced against, in the case of the SPAC, it, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives (in their capacity
as Representatives) or, in the case of the Company, any Company Parties, their Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives (in
their capacity as Representatives). The SPAC and the Company shall each (i) keep the other reasonably informed regarding any Transaction
Litigation, (ii) give the other the opportunity to, at its own cost and expense, participate in the defense, settlement and compromise
of any such Transaction Litigation and reasonably cooperate with the other in connection with the defense, settlement and compromise of
any such Transaction Litigation, and (iii) consider in good faith the others advice with respect to any such Transaction Litigation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to and without limiting the covenants and agreements, and the rights of the other Party set forth
in the immediately preceding sentence, the SPAC or its Affiliates shall control the negotiation, defense and settlement of any Transaction
Litigation brought against the SPAC or its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives, and the Company or its Affiliates shall
control the negotiation, defense and settlement of any Transaction Litigation brought against the Company or its Affiliates or any of
their respective Representatives; provided, however, that prior to the Closing in no event shall either Party, its Affiliates,
or any of their respective Representatives settle or compromise any Transaction Litigation without the prior written consent of the other
Party (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

7.19.PIPE Investment. Following the date hereof, the Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain commitments
from one or more investors (collectively, the PIPE Investors) for a private financing (collectively, the PIPE
Investments) pursuant to the terms of one or more subscription agreements (collectively, the PIPE Subscription Agreements),
the terms of which will be mutually agreed by the Seller and the SPAC, with such private placement to be consummated prior to or substantially
concurrently with the consummation of the Transactions; provided that, the Cash Investment Amount shall not exceed the Maximum
Cash Investment Amount.

69

7.20.Old Bonds Repayment.

(a) The SPAC, the Seller and the Company acknowledge that, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of Old Bonds,
holders of the respective Old Bonds have certain claims for principal and interest on redemption of the Old Bonds. Pursuant to the consent
solicitations launched in respect of the Old Bonds as set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum dated 18 April 2024 (the Old
Bonds Consent Solicitations), the Company is obligated (i) to pay certain amounts of the principal and/or interest (the Repayment
Amounts) to the respective holders of the Old Bonds (the Old Bond Holders) in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the respective Old Bonds (the Repayment Events) and the terms and conditions of the Old Bonds Consent
Solicitations; and (ii) to the extent the corresponding series of New Bonds remains outstanding, exchange the relevant series of Old Bonds
for the corresponding series of New Bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Old Bonds Consent Solicitations (the Exchange
New Bonds).

(b)Subject to the Closing having occurred, the Seller agrees to pay or procure payment of the respective Repayment Amounts to the
Company as follows: (i) the Company shall promptly provide the Seller with a written request for the Repayment Amount (the Request
for Funds), specifying: (A) the applicable Repayment Amount; (B) the Old Bonds under which such Repayment Amount has become
due and payable; (C) the grounds for the applicable Repayment Event; (D) the applicable Repayment Date; (E) the bank account of the Company
to which the payment shall be made (the Company Bank Account); and (F) the supporting documents including, without
limitation, any documentation provided in satisfaction of the terms and conditions of the Old Bonds Consent Solicitations, provided
that a Request for Funds may be submitted more than once; (ii) upon receipt of the Request for Funds, the Seller shall, or shall procure
that its Affiliates, promptly transfer the Repayment Amount in immediately available funds to the Company Bank Account by way of a cash
contribution for no shares or such other method as shall be financially and tax neutral for the Company.

(c)Upon receipt of the Repayment Amount from the Seller or its Affiliates to the Company Bank Account pursuant to a Request for Funds,
the Company covenants to use the respective funds to pay the Repayment Amount to the respective Old Bond Holders in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the respective Old Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Old Bonds Consent Solicitations.

(d)The obligations of the Seller set forth in this Section 7.20 shall remain in full force and effect until the satisfaction
of all obligations under the Old Bonds in full in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Old Bonds and the terms and conditions
of the Old Bonds Consent Solicitations. It is acknowledged and agreed that the provisions of this Section 7.20 shall not apply
to any amounts due and payable by the Company to the Old Bond Holders in connection with any breach, violation, or default by the Company
under the terms and conditions of the respective Old Bonds and the Old Bonds Consent Solicitations occurring after the Closing, and such
amounts shall not be included in the Repayment Amount.

7.21.New Bonds.

(a)In the period between the date hereof and the Closing, to the extent permitted by applicable Laws and Orders, the Company shall
repay in full the April 2025 Bonds and the June 2025 Bonds in accordance with their respective terms and conditions including, without
limitation, any Exchange New Bonds (the New Bonds Repayment). The Company shall promptly provide the SPAC with material
updates on the implementation of the New Bonds Repayment, including evidence of repayment of the April 2025 Bonds and the June 2025 Bonds.

(b)In the period between the date hereof and the Closing, the Company shall transfer the 2027 Bonds to VEON MidCo as part of the Demerger
and pursuant to the 2027 Bonds Consent Solicitation (the 2027 Bonds Transfer), which shall be implemented upon the
execution of a supplemental trust and agency deed relating to the 2027 Bonds
pursuant to which VEON MidCo shall be substituted in place of the Company as issuer and principal debtor in respect of the 2027 Bonds.

70

7.22.Closing Documents. As soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement and, in any event, prior to Closing,
each Party agrees to negotiate in good faith and to use its reasonable best efforts to agree on a form of (a) the Transfer Deed, (b) the
Registration Rights Agreement, (c) the Plan of Merger and (d) the Amended and Restated New PubCo Governing Documents, in each case on
terms reasonably satisfactory to the Parties.

7.23.Sanctions Event. If, at any time between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, any of the Seller, a Group Company,
the SPAC or any of their respective directors, officers or, to the Knowledge of VEON or the Knowledge of the SPAC, as applicable, Affiliates,
becomes a Sanctioned Person (a Sanctions Event), the Seller (on behalf of itself or such Group Company) or the SPAC,
as applicable, shall promptly (but in any event within ten (10) Business Days of such Person becoming a Sanctioned Person) notify the
SPAC (in the case of the Seller or a Group Company) or the Seller (in the case of the SPAC) of such Sanctions Event in writing and if
as a result of a Sanctions Event, it would be unlawful for the other Parties to consummate the Transactions, the Party that has become
a Sanctioned Person (the Targeted Party) shall (or shall cause its directors, officers or Affiliates to) use its
best efforts to obtain the relevant consent, permit, license, and/or other formal or informal authorization or guidance from the relevant
Sanctions Authority (a Sanctions License) as required to allow Closing to take place notwithstanding a Sanctions
Event.

7.24.Financial Advisors. Each of New PubCo, the Company and the SPAC shall use its reasonable best efforts to deliver or, cause
its representatives to deliver, all documents that may be reasonably required by any financial advisor to the Seller, the Company or the
SPAC (the Financial Advisors), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Financial Advisors to facilitate
the PIPE Investment or the Closing. Such documents may include customary comfort letters from each of New PubCos, the Companys
and the SPACs respective independent auditors and legal opinions and negative assurance letters from counsel to each of New PubCo,
the Company and the SPAC.

7.25.Demerger.

(a)In the period between the date hereof and the Closing, (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Laws and Orders and (ii) in accordance
with the Demerger Proposal, the Company shall consummate the Demerger in conjunction with VEON Intermediate Holdings and VEON MidCo.

(b)Following the Demerger, the Company will hold only the Retained Assets and Liabilities.

Article VIII

CONDITIONS TO THE TRANSACTION

8.1.Conditions to Each Partys Obligations. The respective obligations of each Party to this Agreement to effect the Merger
and the other Transactions shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions, any of which may
be waived, in writing, exclusively by both the SPAC and the Company:

(a)SPAC Shareholder Approval. At the Special Meeting (including any postponement or adjournment thereof), the SPAC Shareholder
Approval shall have been duly obtained.

71

(b)Agreed Regulatory Approvals. The Parties shall have received all the Agreed Regulatory Approvals (if any), in each case,
on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Parties.

(c)Registration Statement / Proxy Statement. The Registration Statement / Proxy Statement shall have become effective in accordance
with the provisions of the Securities Act and shall not be subject to any stop order or proceeding (or threatened proceeding) by the SEC
seeking a stop order with respect to the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement.

(d)No Injunctions or Restraints. (i) No Laws applicable to any Party or the Group Companies (whether temporary, preliminary
or permanent) shall have been adopted, enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered into force, (ii) no Orders in relation to any
Party or the Group Companies (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) shall have been entered, issued, made, or rendered, including,
any Sanctions with respect to any of the Seller, a Group Company, the SPAC or any of their directors, officers or Affiliates, in each
case causing a Sanctions Event such that it would be unlawful under applicable Sanctions for the Parties to proceed with activities necessary
for Closing without receipt of a Sanctions License, and (iii) no Proceedings relating to any Party or the Group Companies shall have been
initiated by any Governmental Entity, in the case of each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), that seeks to wholly or
partially, directly or indirectly, prohibit, enjoin, restrict, invalidate, or make illegal consummation or performance of the Transactions
in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, or otherwise interfere with the ability of a Party to perform their respective
obligations under the Transaction Documents in accordance with their respective terms, provided, however, that any aforementioned
Laws, Orders, and Proceedings shall not include those known to the Parties or in effect prior to the date hereof.

(e)Other Agreements. All Transaction Documents shall be in full force and effect and shall have not been rescinded by any of
the parties thereto.

(f)Minimum Cash. (i) The SPAC Cash shall equal or exceed the Minimum Cash Amount; (ii) the SPAC shall have made appropriate
arrangements for giving effect to the receipt by New PubCo of the net amount of proceeds actually contributed by investors in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the PIPE Subscription Agreements upon consummation of the PIPE Investments; and (iii) the SPAC shall
have made appropriate arrangements for the funds in its Trust Account to be released upon the Closing in accordance with Section 7.12.

(g)Stock Exchange Approval. The New PubCo Common Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement shall be approved for listing
upon the Closing on Nasdaq (or any other public stock market or exchange in the United States as may be agreed by the Company and the
SPAC) subject to official notice of issuance thereof.

(h)Demerger. The Seller and the Company shall have completed the Demerger.

(i)VEON Bonds. The Company shall have completed the New Bonds Repayment and the 2027 Bonds Transfer.

72

8.2.Additional Conditions to the Obligations of the Seller and the Company Parties. The obligations of the Seller, the Company,
New PubCo and Merger Sub to consummate and effect the Merger and the other Transactions shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior
to the Closing of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by the Company:

(a)Representations and Warranties. (i) The SPAC Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing
as though made on and as of the Closing (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier
date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and
correct as of such earlier date); (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.2 shall be true and correct other
than de minimis inaccuracies on and as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (except to the extent that any such
representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and
correct as of such earlier date); (iii) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.7 shall be true and correct in
all material respects on and as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (except to the extent that any such representation
and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct as of
such earlier date); and (iv) all other representations and warranties set forth in Article V hereof shall be true and
correct in all material respects (without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality or SPAC Material Adverse
Effect or any similar limitations contained herein) on and as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (except to
the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty
shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date).

(b)Performance of Obligations. The SPAC shall have performed or complied with all agreements and covenants required by this
Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Closing in all material respects pursuant to the terms hereof.

(c)No SPAC Material Adverse Effect. No SPAC Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred and be continuing since the date of
this Agreement.

(d)Certificate. The SPAC shall have delivered to the Seller a certificate, signed by an authorized representative of the SPAC
and dated as of the Closing, certifying as to the matters set forth in Section 8.2(a), Section 8.2(b) and Section
8.2(c).

(e)Other Agreements. The SPAC shall have delivered to the Seller (i) a copy of the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed
by the Sponsor and (ii) counterparts of each other Transaction Document contemplated to be executed at the Closing duly executed by the
SPAC.

(f)Shareholdings. The number of New PubCo Shares to be issued to the Seller in consideration for the Sale is not less than
80% of the Fully Diluted Share Count.

8.3.Additional Conditions to the Obligations of the SPAC. The obligations of the SPAC to consummate and effect the Merger and
the other Transactions shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions, any of which
may be waived, in writing, exclusively by the SPAC:

(a)Representations
and Warranties. (i) The VEON Fundamental Representations shall be true and correct in all but de minimis respects on and
as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly
speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date);
(ii) representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.3 shall be true and correct in all but de minimis respects
on and as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty
expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct as of such
earlier date); and (iii) all other representations and warranties of the Seller, the Company, New PubCo and Merger Sub set forth in Article IV
hereof shall be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to materiality or Group Material
Adverse Effect or any similar limitation contained herein) on and as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing
(except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such
representation and warranty shall be so true and correct as of such earlier date), except, in the case of this clause (iii),
where any failures of such representations and warranties of the Seller,
the Company, New PubCo and Merger Sub to be so true and correct, individually and in the aggregate, has not had a Group Material Adverse
Effect.

73

(b)Performance of Obligations. The Seller, the Company, New PubCo and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied with all
agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing in all material
respects pursuant to the terms hereof.

(c)No Group Material Adverse Effect. No Group Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred and be continuing since the date
of this Agreement.

(d)Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to the SPAC a certificate, signed by an authorized representative of the Company
and dated as of the Closing, certifying as to the matters set forth in Section 8.3(a), Section 8.3(b) and Section 8.3(c).

(e)Other Agreements. (i) All parties to the Registration Rights Agreement (other than the Sponsor) shall have delivered, or
caused to be delivered, to the SPAC copies of the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by all such parties and (ii) each of the
Seller and the Company, New PubCo and/or Merger Sub shall have delivered to the SPAC each other Transaction Document contemplated to be
executed at the Closing duly executed by the Seller, the Company, New PubCo and/or Merger Sub, as applicable.

8.4.Frustration of Conditions. Neither the SPAC nor the Company may rely on the failure of any
condition set forth in this Article VIII to be satisfied if such failure was caused by such Partys failure to act in
good faith or to take such actions as may be necessary to cause the conditions of the other Party hereto to be satisfied.

Article IX

TERMINATION

9.1.Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:

(a)by mutual written agreement of the SPAC and the Company at any time;

(b)by either the Seller or the SPAC if the Closing shall not have occurred by September 30, 2025 (or such later date as determined
in accordance with Section 9.2, the Outside Date); provided, however, that the right to terminate
this Agreement under this Section 9.1(b) shall not be available to any Party whose action or failure to act has been a principal
cause of or resulted in the failure of the Closing to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach
of this Agreement;

(c)by either the Seller or the SPAC if a Governmental Entity shall have issued an Order, enacted, promulgated or enforced a Law or
taken any other action, other than imposing any Sanctions, in any case having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting the Transactions, which Order, Law or other action is final and nonappealable; provided that neither party may terminate
this Agreement under this Section 9.1(c) until the earlier of: (i) sixty (60) days after such Order, Law or other action is in
effect; and (ii) the Outside Date;

(d)by either the Seller or the SPAC, if, at the Special Meeting (including any postponement or adjournment thereof), the SPAC Shareholder
Approval is not obtained;

74

(e) by the Seller, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement on the part of
the SPAC, or if any representation or warranty of the SPAC shall have become untrue, in either case, such that the conditions set forth
in Article VIII would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall
have become untrue; provided that if such breach by the SPAC is curable by the SPAC prior to the Closing, then the Seller must
first provide written notice of such breach to the SPAC and may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(e) until the
earlier of: (i) thirty (30) days after delivery of written notice from the Company to the SPAC of such breach; and (ii) the Outside Date;
provided, further, that the SPAC continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach (it being understood
that the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(e) if (A) the Company or the Seller shall have materially
breached this Agreement and such breach has not been cured; or (B) such breach by the SPAC is cured within such 30-day period);

(f)by the SPAC, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement on the part of the
Seller, the Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub or if any representation or warranty of the Seller, the Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub
shall have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in Article VIII, would not be satisfied as of
the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have become untrue; provided that if such breach
is curable by the Seller, the Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub, as applicable, prior to the Closing, then the SPAC must first provide
written notice of such breach to the Seller and may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(f) until the earlier of:
(i) thirty (30) days after delivery of written notice from the SPAC to the Seller of such breach; and (ii) the Outside Date; provided,
further, that the Seller, the Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub, as applicable, continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to
cure such breach (it being understood that the SPAC may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.1(f) if (A) it
shall have materially breached this Agreement and such breach has not been cured; or (B) such breach by the Company, New PubCo or Merger
Sub is cured within such 30-day period);

(g)by the Seller, if the SPAC board of directors shall have publicly withdrawn, modified or changed, in any manner that is adverse
to the other Parties, its approval or SPAC Recommendation;

(h)by the SPAC, if a Sanctions Event occurs in respect of the Seller or a Group Company and either (i) such Sanctions Event is not
resolved in accordance with Section 7.23 by the Outside Date or (ii) the SPAC determines in good faith on the advice of outside
legal counsel that the failure to terminate this Agreement prior to the Outside Date would or would reasonably be expected to result in
any of the SPAC, the Sponsor or their respective directors or officers being subject to any monetary or criminal liability under applicable
Law in connection with such Sanctions Event;

(i)by the Seller, if a Sanctions Event occurs in respect of the SPAC and either (i) such Sanctions Event is not resolved in accordance
with Section 7.23 by the Outside Date or (ii) the Seller determines in good faith on the advice of outside legal counsel that the
failure to terminate this Agreement prior to the Outside Date would or would reasonably be expected to result in any of the Seller or
a Group Company or their respective directors or officers being subject to any monetary or criminal liability under applicable Law in
connection with such Sanctions Event; and

(j)by the SPAC if the Company Parties fail to deliver the PCAOB Audited Financials for the year ended December 31, 2024, on or before
June 30, 2025.

75

9.2.Outside Date. The Outside Date may be extended:

(a)by mutual written agreement signed by both the Seller and the SPAC;

(b)if a Sanctions License is required and all other conditions set forth in Article VIII have been satisfied or waived
(other than those that by their nature are to be satisfied as of immediately prior to Closing, but such conditions being capable of being
satisfied), by the SPAC (if the Sanctions Event relates to the Seller or a Group Company) or the Seller (if the Sanctions Event relates
to the SPAC), at such Partys sole discretion, by providing written notice to the Seller or the SPAC (as applicable), specifying
the new Outside Date; or

(c)if (1) the condition set forth in Section 8.1(b) has not been satisfied (provided that for purposes of Section 9.2(c)(1),
Agreed Regulatory Approvals set forth in Section 8.1(b) shall exclude any (A) Laws, Orders or Proceedings (other
than Sanctions Events) that are subject to Section 8.1(d), for which there shall be no extension right under this Section 9.2(c)(1),
and (B) Sanctions Events, for which the Outside Date may only be extended in accordance with Section 9.2(b)), or (2) the Registration
Statement / Proxy Statement has not yet been declared effective by the SEC and in the case of each of (1) or (2), all other
conditions set forth in Article VIII have been satisfied or waived (other than those that by their nature are to be satisfied
as of immediately prior to Closing, but such conditions being capable of being satisfied), by either the Seller or the SPAC, at their
sole discretion, by providing written notice to the SPAC or the Seller, as applicable, specifying the new Outside Date;

provided that the Outside
Date may be extended under clauses (b) and (c) one or several times but in no case to a date that is later than 90 days
from September 30, 2025.

9.3.Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination.

(a)Any termination of this Agreement under Section 9.1 above will be effective immediately upon the delivery of written
notice of the terminating Party to the other Parties.

(b)In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 9.1, this Agreement shall be of no further
force or effect and the Transactions shall be abandoned, except for and subject to the following: (i) Section 7.4, Section 7.8,
this Section 9.3, Article XI (General Provisions) and the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the termination
of this Agreement; and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any Party from liability for its own Willful Breach of this Agreement or
its own Intentional Fraud.

Article X

NO SURVIVAL

10.1.No Survival. None of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements in this Agreement or in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing and all rights, claims and causes of action (whether in contract or in tort or otherwise,
or whether at law or in equity) with respect thereto shall terminate at the Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither this Section 10.1
nor anything else in this Agreement to the contrary shall limit: (a) the survival of (i) any covenant or agreement of the Parties
(including the agreements set forth in Section 7.4, Section 7.12, Section 7.13, Section 7.14
and Section 7.20) which by its terms is required to be performed or complied with in whole or in part after the Closing, which
covenants and agreements shall survive the Closing in accordance with their respective terms, and (ii) the provisions of Article XI;
or (b) the liability of any Person with respect to its own Intentional Fraud.

76

Article XI

GENERAL PROVISIONS

11.1.Notices. Any notice or other communication to be given by a Party to another Party in connection with this Agreement shall,
except where otherwise specifically provided: (a) be in writing in the English language; (b) given by pre-paid registered post, by an
internationally recognized courier company or by email to the relevant address or email address set forth for such Party on Schedule
III attached hereto, or (c) by any other method approved in writing by the receiving Party. The relevant addresses and email addresses
for each Party are set forth on Schedule III attached hereto. Any notice or other communication sent in accordance with this Section
11.1 shall be deemed to have been given and received: (a) if sent by pre-paid courier, on the earlier of the time of delivery and
three Business Days after being sent to a representative of the courier service; (b) if sent by email, upon being sent, subject to no
automated notification of delivery failure being received by the sender for all the recipient email addresses, except that if such time
is outside of Working Hours, such notice or other communication shall instead be deemed given and received at the start of the next period
of Working Hours; or (c) if sent by any other method approved by the recipient, upon the recipient giving written confirmation of receipt.
Any Party may change any of its notice details by giving written notice of such to each other Party. Such notice shall take effect two
Business Days after it is given (or on any later date specified in such notice). This Section 11.1 does not apply to the formal
service of any court proceedings.

11.2.Interpretation. The words hereof, herein, hereinafter, hereunder
and hereto and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or subsection
of this Agreement and reference to a particular section of this Agreement will include all subsections thereof, unless, in each case,
the context otherwise requires. The definitions of the terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined. Whenever the context shall require, any pronoun shall include all genders. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Schedule
or an Exhibit, such reference shall be to a Schedule or an Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. When a reference is made
in this Agreement to Sections or subsections, such reference shall be to a Section or subsection of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated
the words include, includes and including when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be
followed by the words without limitation. The words made available mean that the subject documents or other
materials were included in and available in the Project Varna online virtual data room hosted by Datasite at least three
Business Days prior to the date of this Agreement. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Reference to the subsidiaries of an entity shall
be deemed to include all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity. The word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive.
When calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this
Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded and if the last day of such period is a non-Business
Day, the period in question shall end on the next succeeding Business Day. References to any United States legal term for any action,
remedy, method of financial proceedings, legal document, legal status, court, official or any legal concept or thing shall in respect
of any jurisdiction other than the United States, be deemed to include what most nearly approximates in that jurisdiction to the United
States legal term. References to Laws or Orders shall be construed also as references to all other Laws or Orders made under, or referred
to in, such Laws or Orders, to such Laws or Orders as amended, re-enacted, consolidated or replaced, and to the application or interpretation
of such Laws or Orders as affected by other Laws or Orders, from time to time. References to Governmental Entities shall include any entities
which are successors to such entities, from time to time. References to documents (including this Agreement) include such documents as
amended or varied in accordance with their terms, from time to time. References to a Party includes its successors in title,
personal representatives and permitted assigns. All references to currency amounts in this Agreement shall mean United States dollars
(unless otherwise expressly stated). For the purposes of applying a reference to a monetary sum not expressed in United States dollars,
an amount in a different currency shall be deemed
to be an amount in United States dollars translated at the Applicable Exchange Rate at the relevant date. References to writing shall
include any modes of reproducing words in a legible and non-transitory form, including emails.

77

11.3.Counterparts; Electronic Delivery. This Agreement, the Transaction Documents and each other document executed in connection
with the Transactions, and the consummation thereof, may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same
document and shall become effective when such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties,
it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery by electronic transmission to counsel for the other
Parties of a counterpart executed by a Party shall be deemed to meet the requirements of the previous sentence. The exchange of a fully
executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) in pdf, DocuSign or similar format and transmitted by facsimile or email shall be sufficient
to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

11.4.Entire Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement, including the Schedules, Exhibits and Annexes hereto, the other
Transaction Documents and any other documents and instruments and agreements among the Parties or their respective Affiliates as contemplated
by or referred to herein: (a) constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede
all prior and current agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof;
and (b) are not intended to confer upon any other Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies; provided, however,
that (i) each VEON D&O Indemnified Party and each SPAC D&O Indemnified Party (and their respective successors, heirs and representatives)
are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, the provisions of Section 7.13 and this Section 11.4,
(ii) each Sponsor is an intended third-party beneficiary of, and may enforce, Section 7.14(a), Section 7.14(d)
and Section 11.4, (iii) the Company non-recourse parties and the SPAC non-recourse parties (and their respective successors,
heirs and representatives) are intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, the provisions of this Section 11.4
and (iv) Latham & Watkins (London) LLP is intended third-party beneficiaries of, and may enforce, the provisions of Section 11.15
that confer any right or privilege to such party.

11.5.Severability. In the event that any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement, or the application thereof,
is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any present or future Law: (a) such provision will be fully severable; (b) this
Agreement will be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part hereof; (c) the
remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable
provision or by its severance herefrom; and (d) to the extent necessary, the Parties shall amend or otherwise modify this Agreement
to replace any provision contained herein that is held invalid or unenforceable with a valid and enforceable provision giving effect to
the intent of the Parties.

11.6.Other Remedies; Specific Performance. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred
upon a Party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such Party,
and the exercise by a Party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The Parties agree that the rights of
each Party to consummate the Transactions are special, unique and of extraordinary character and immediate and irreparable harm or damage
would occur for which money damages would not be an adequate remedy in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that, in addition to any other
remedy to which either party is entitled at law or in equity, each Party shall be entitled to equitable remedies against another Party
for its breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and
specific enforcement of the terms and provisions of this Agreement, in each case, without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money
damages as a remedy and without bond or other security being required; provided that the Parties acknowledge that the enforcement
of such remedies may not be possible in connection with the Ukraine
Invasion and the Ukraine Invasion Measures. Each of the Parties hereby acknowledges and agrees that it may be difficult to prove damages
with reasonable certainty, that it may be difficult to procure suitable substitute performance, and that injunctive relief and/or specific
performance will not cause an undue hardship to the Parties. Each of the Parties hereby further acknowledges that the existence of any
other remedy contemplated by this Agreement does not diminish the availability of specific performance of the obligations hereunder or
any other injunctive relief. Each Party hereby further agrees that in the event of any action by any other party for specific performance
or injunctive relief, it will not assert that a remedy at law or other remedy would be adequate or that specific performance or injunctive
relief in respect of such breach or violation should not be available on the grounds that money damages are adequate or any other grounds.

78

11.7.Governing Law. This Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, and any action, suit, dispute, controversy or claim
arising out of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, or the validity, interpretation, breach or termination of this
Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal law of the State
of Delaware regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law thereof; with the exception,
that (a) the Transfer Deed and the matters involving the internal corporate affairs of the Company and the Sale shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands and (b) the statutory and fiduciary and other duties of the directors of the
SPAC and the directors of Merger Sub, the Merger, the vesting of the rights, property, choses in action, business, undertaking, goodwill,
benefits, immunities and privileges, contracts, obligations, claims, debts and liabilities of pursuant to the Merger, the cancellation
and conversion of the SPAC Ordinary Shares as the case may be, the rights set forth in Section 238 of the Companies Act, the internal
corporate affairs of New PubCo shall be governed by and determined in accordance with the laws of Bermuda, and the internal corporate
affairs of the Company and Merger Sub shall in each case be governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

11.8.Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a)Each of the Parties irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any Delaware Chancery Court or Federal court
of the United States of America sitting in Delaware, in each case in connection with any matter based upon or arising out of this Agreement,
the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the Transactions. Each Party and any Person asserting rights as a third-party
beneficiary may do so only if he, she or it hereby waives, and shall not assert as a defense in any legal dispute, that: (a) such
Person is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason; (b) such Proceeding may not be brought
or is not maintainable in such court; (c) such Persons property is exempt or immune from execution; (d) such Proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum; or (e) the venue of such Proceeding is improper. Each Party and any Person asserting rights
as a third-party beneficiary hereby agrees not to commence or prosecute any such action, claim, cause of action or suit other than before
one of the above-named courts, nor to make any motion or take any other action seeking or intending to cause the transfer or removal of
any such action, claim, cause of action or suit to any court other than one of the above-named courts, whether on the grounds of inconvenient
forum or otherwise. Each Party hereby consents to service of process in any such proceeding in any manner permitted by the laws of the
State of Delaware, and further consents to service of process by nationally recognized overnight courier service guaranteeing overnight
delivery, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address specified pursuant to Section 11.1
and waives and covenants not to assert or plead any objection which they might otherwise have to such manner of service of process. Notwithstanding
the foregoing in this Section 11.8, any Party may commence any action, claim, cause of action or suit in a court other than
the above-named courts solely for the purpose of enforcing an order or judgment issued by one of the above-named courts.

79

(b) TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW WHICH CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH OF THE PARTIES AND ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS
A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY MAY DO SO ONLY IF HE, SHE OR IT IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY ON ANY CLAIMS
OR COUNTERCLAIMS ASSERTED IN ANY LEGAL DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT AND THE CONSUMMATION OF THE
TRANSACTIONS, AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM RELATING THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING. IF THE SUBJECT MATTER
OF ANY SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE IS ONE IN WHICH THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL IS PROHIBITED, NO PARTY NOR ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARY SHALL ASSERT IN SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE A NON-COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS AND THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS. FURTHERMORE, NO PARTY NOR ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY
SHALL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE WITH A SEPARATE ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE WAIVED.

11.9.Rules of Construction. Each of the Parties agrees that it has been represented by independent counsel of its choice during
the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and each Party hereto and its counsel cooperated in the drafting and preparation of this
Agreement and the documents referred to herein and, therefore, waive the application of any Law or rule of construction providing that
ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the Party drafting such agreement or document.

11.10.Expenses. All expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions shall be paid by the Party incurring
such expenses, whether or not the Merger or any other Transaction is consummated; provided that if this Agreement is terminated
in accordance with its terms, the Seller shall pay, or cause to be paid, all Seller Transaction Expenses and the SPAC shall pay, or cause
to be paid, all SPAC Transaction Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Sale, the Merger and the other Transactions
shall be consummated, New PubCo shall, on the Closing Date following the Closing, (a) pay or cause to be paid by wire transfer of immediately
available funds, all Outstanding Seller Transaction Expenses and Outstanding SPAC Transaction Expenses and (b) reimburse or cause to be
reimbursed to the applicable member of the VEON Group or Company Party all Seller Transaction Expenses other than Outstanding Seller Transaction
Expenses, in each case, from the combined cash accounts of the SPAC and the Company Parties after the release of funds from the Trust
Account and the PIPE Investments, if any.

11.11.Assignment. No Party may assign, directly or indirectly, including by operation of law, either this Agreement or any of
its rights, interests or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other Parties. Subject to the first sentence
of this Section 11.11, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

11.12.Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the Parties at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of each of the Parties.

80

11.13.Extension;
Waiver. At any time prior to the Closing, the SPAC (on behalf of itself) and the Seller (on behalf of itself and the other
Company Parties) may, to the extent not prohibited by applicable Laws: (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other Party; (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to the
other Party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto; and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements
or conditions for the benefit of such Party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a Party to any such extension or waiver
shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Party. Delay in exercising any right under
this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right. In the event any provision of any of the other Transaction Document in
any way conflicts with the provisions of this Agreement (except where a provision therein expressly provides that it is intended to
take precedence over this Agreement), this Agreement shall control.

11.14.Non-Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of,
or related to this Agreement or the Transactions may only be brought against, the Seller, the Company, New PubCo, Merger Sub or the SPAC
as named parties hereto. (a) No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, shareholder, Affiliate,
agent, attorney, advisor or other representative of the Seller, any Company Party or of the SPAC and (b) no past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, shareholder, Affiliate (including the Sponsor), agent, attorney, advisor or other Representative
of any of the foregoing shall have any liability (whether in Contract, tort, equity or otherwise) for any one or more of the representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations or liabilities of any one or more of any Company Party or the SPAC under this Agreement
for any claim based on, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the Transactions.

11.15.Company Legal Representation. Each Party hereby agrees for itself and on behalf of its shareholders, stockholders, members,
owners, partners, Representatives and Affiliates, and each of their respective successors and assigns (all such parties, the Waiving
Parties), that Latham & Watkins (London) LLP (or any of its successors) may represent any Company Party or any of its respective
shareholders, stockholders, members, owners, partners, Representatives and Affiliates, in each case, in connection with any Proceeding
or obligation arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any Transaction Document or the Transactions, and each Party, on behalf of
itself and the other Waiving Parties, hereby consents thereto and irrevocably waives (and will not assert) any conflict of interest, breach
of duty or any other objection arising therefrom or relating thereto. Each Party, for itself and the other Waiving Parties, acknowledges
that the foregoing provision applies whether or not Latham & Watkins (London) LLP provides legal services to Company or its Affiliates
after the Closing Date. Each of Party, for itself and the other Waiving Parties, hereby further irrevocably acknowledges and agrees that
all privileged communications, written or oral, between a Company Party or any of its respective Affiliates and respective counsel, including
Latham & Watkins (London) LLP, made in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance under, or
any dispute or Proceeding arising out of or relating to, this Agreement, any Transaction Documents or the Transactions, or any matter
relating to any of the foregoing, do not pass to the SPAC or the Sponsor notwithstanding the Merger, and instead survive, remain with
and are controlled by the Company Parties (the Company Party Privileged Communications), without any waiver thereof.
Each Party, on behalf of itself and the other Waiving Parties, agrees that none of them may use or rely on any of the Company Party Privileged
Communications, whether located in the records or email server of a Group Company or otherwise (including in the knowledge or the officers
and employees of a Group Company), in any Proceeding against or involving any Company Party after the Closing, and each of them agrees
not to assert that any privilege has been waived as to the Company Party Privileged Communications.

11.16.Disclosure
Schedules. The VEON Disclosure Schedule and the SPAC Disclosure Schedule shall each be arranged in separate parts corresponding
to the numbered and lettered sections and subsections contained in this Agreement, and the information disclosed in any numbered or
lettered part shall be deemed to relate to and to qualify only the particular representation or warranty set forth in the
corresponding numbered or lettered Section or subsection of this Agreement, except to the extent that: (a) such information is
cross-referenced in another part of the VEON Disclosure Schedule or the SPAC Disclosure Schedule, as applicable; or (b) it is
reasonably apparent on the face of the disclosure (without reference to any document referred to therein or any independent
knowledge on the part of the reader regarding the matter disclosed) that such information qualifies another representation and
warranty of the Seller the Company, New PubCo or Merger Sub, on the one hand, or the SPAC, on the other hand, as applicable, in this
Agreement. Certain information set forth in the VEON Disclosure Schedule and the SPAC Disclosure Schedule is or may be included
solely for informational purposes, is not an admission of liability with respect to the matters covered by the information, and may
not be required to be disclosed pursuant to this Agreement. The specification of any dollar amount in the representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement or the inclusion of any specific item in the VEON Disclosure Schedule or the SPAC Disclosure
Schedule is not intended to imply that such amounts (or higher or lower amounts) are or are not material, and no Party shall use the
fact of the setting of such amounts or the fact of the inclusion of any such item in the VEON Disclosure Schedule or the SPAC
Disclosure Schedule in any dispute or controversy between the Parties as to whether any obligation, item or matter not described
herein or included in the VEON Disclosure Schedule or the SPAC Disclosure Schedule is or is not material for purposes of this
Agreement.

[Signature
Page Follows]

81

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

VEON AMSTERDAM B.V.

By: /s/ Kaan
Terzioglu

Name: Kaan
Terzioglu

Title: Director

By: /s/ Maciej Wojtaszek

Name: Maciej Wojtaszek

Title: Director

VEON HOLDINGS B.V.

By: /s/ Kaan
Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

By: /s/
Maciej Wojtaszek

Name: Maciej Wojtaszek

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Business Combination Agreement]

KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD.

By: /s/ Kaan
Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

Varna Merger Sub Corp.

By: /s/ Kaan
Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Business Combination Agreement]

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I

By: /s/
Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Business Combination Agreement]

Schedule I

Adjusted Cash

[***]

Schedule II

Seller Share Consideration
Number Actions

[***]

Schedule III

Notices

[***]

Exhibit A

Form of Seller Loan Note

[***]

Exhibit B

Pro Forma Capitalization Table

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023455401ex10-1_cohen1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SPAC SUPPORT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 18, 2025, BY AND AMONG COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I, COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC, COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC, CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO., AND KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

SPAC SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This SPAC Support Agreement (this Agreement)
is made as of March 17, 2025, by and among Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company (SPAC),
Cohen Circle Sponsor I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CCS I), Cohen Circle Advisors I, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (CCA I, and together with CSS I, the Sponsors), Cantor Fitzgerald
& Co., a New York general partnership (Cantor and, together with Sponsors, collectively the Voting
Parties and individually each a Voting Party), and Kyivstar Group Ltd., an exempted company with limited
liability, incorporated and existing under the laws of Bermuda with registration number 202504557, with its registered office at Victoria
Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM10, Bermuda, and its principal business address at Index Tower (East Tower), Unit 1703, DIFC (Dubai
International Financial Center), United Arab Emirates (the New PubCo). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein
have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Business Combination Agreement (as such term is defined below).

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, VEON Amsterdam B.V., a private company with limited liability, VEON Holdings B.V., a private company with
limited liability, New PubCo and SPAC have entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as the same may be amended from time to time,
the Business Combination Agreement), pursuant to which New PubCo and SPAC expect to effect a business combination
transaction by which, among other things, (a) New PubCo will apply to list its common shares on Nasdaq and become a listed company and
(b) Merger Sub will merge with and into SPAC, with SPAC surviving (the Merger), as a result of which all issued and
outstanding ordinary shares of SPAC immediately prior to the effective time will be converted into the right to receive New PubCo Common
Shares; and

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to
New PubCos willingness to enter into the Business Combination Agreement, New PubCo has required that the Voting Parties enter into
this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
As used herein, the term Voting Shares shall mean, taken together, all securities of SPAC beneficially owned (as
such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, excluding ordinary shares underlying unexercised warrants, but including any
ordinary shares acquired upon exercise of such warrants) (Beneficially Owned or Beneficial Ownership)
by any Voting Party, including any and all securities of SPAC acquired and held in such capacity subsequent to the date hereof.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Voting Parties. Each Voting Party on its own behalf hereby represents and warrants to the other parties hereto,
severally and not jointly, with respect to such Voting Party and such Voting Partys Beneficial Ownership of its Voting Shares set
forth on Annex A hereto, as follows:

(a) Authority.
Such Voting Party has all requisite power and authority (or, if such Voting Party is an individual, capacity and competence) to enter
into this Agreement, to perform such Voting Partys obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Voting Party. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation
of such Voting Party enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by principles governing the availability of
equitable remedies.

(b) No
Consent. No consent, approval or authorization of, or designation, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity or other Person
on the part of such Voting Party is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(c) No
Conflicts. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor
compliance with the terms hereof, will violate, conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default (with or without notice
or lapse of time or both) under any provision of, any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement,
instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, notice, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation or, if
such Voting Party is an entity, its constitutive governing documents, applicable to such Voting Party or to such Voting Partys
property or assets (including such Voting Partys Voting Shares) that would reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation
of the Merger or that would reasonably be expected to prevent such Voting Party from fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

(d) Ownership
of Shares. Except pursuant to the arrangements referred to in the following sentence, such Voting Party (i) Beneficially Owns its
Voting Shares free and clear of all Liens (other than restrictions on transfer under applicable securities laws) and (ii) has the sole
power to vote or cause to be voted its Voting Shares. Except as set forth in that certain letter agreement, dated October 10, 2024, entered
into by certain of the Voting Parties for the benefit of SPAC (the Insider Letter), pursuant hereto and pursuant
to, if such Voting Party is an entity, the constitutive governing documents of such Voting Party, there are no options, warrants or other
rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character to which such Voting Party is a party relating to the pledge, acquisition,
disposition, transfer or voting of its Voting Shares prior to the consummation of the Merger and there are no voting trusts or voting
agreements with respect to such Voting Partys Voting Shares. Other than as set forth on Annex A attached hereto, as of the
date of this Agreement, such Voting Party does not Beneficially Own (i) any Voting Shares or (ii) any options, warrants or other rights
to acquire any additional ordinary shares of SPAC (SPAC Ordinary Shares) or any security exercisable for or convertible
into SPAC Ordinary Shares.

(e) No
Litigation. There is no Proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of such Voting Party, threatened against, such Voting Party
that would reasonably be expected to materially impair or materially adversely affect the ability of such Voting Party to perform such
Voting Partys obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2

3. Agreement
to Vote Shares; Further Assurances.

(a) Each
Voting Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees during the term of this Agreement (x) to vote or cause to be voted all Voting Shares
that he, she or it Beneficially Owns at every meeting (or in connection with any request for action by written consent) of the shareholders
of SPAC at which such matters are considered and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and (y) to execute a written consent or
consents if shareholders of SPAC are requested to vote their shares through the execution of an action by written consent, in each case
to the extent such Voting Shares are entitled to vote thereon pursuant to SPACs certificate of incorporation and bylaws: (i) in
favor of (A) the Merger and the Business Combination Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereby, (B) any proposal to adjourn
or postpone such meeting of shareholders of SPAC to a later date if there are not sufficient votes to approve the Merger, and (C) any
other matter reasonably necessary to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and considered
and voted upon by the shareholders of SPAC; and (ii) against any proposal or offer from any Person (other than the New PubCo or any of
its Affiliates) concerning (A) a merger, consolidation, liquidation, recapitalization, share exchange or other business combination transaction
involving SPAC, or (B) the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of any significant portion of SPACs properties or assets,
(C) any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that could reasonably be expected to result in a breach of any covenant, representation
or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of SPAC under the Business Combination Agreement, and (D) any action, proposal, transaction
or agreement that could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay, discourage, adversely affect or inhibit the timely consummation
of the Merger or the fulfillment of SPACs conditions precedent under the Business Combination Agreement or change in any manner
the voting rights of any class of shares of SPAC (including any amendments to SPACs articles of association and bylaws), except
as contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) From
time to time, at the request of SPAC, each Voting Party shall take all such further actions, as may be necessary or appropriate to, in
the most expeditious manner reasonably practicable, effect the purposes of this Agreement, and execute customary documents incident to
the consummation of the Merger.

4. No
Voting Trusts or Other Arrangement. Each Voting Party agrees that during the term of this Agreement such Voting Party will not, and
will not permit any entity under such Voting Partys control to, deposit any Voting Shares in a voting trust, grant any proxies
with respect to such Voting Shares or subject any of such Voting Shares to any arrangement with respect to the voting of such Voting Shares
except as contemplated in this Agreement. Each Voting Party hereby revokes any and all previous proxies and attorneys in fact with respect
to its Voting Shares.

5. Transfer
and Encumbrance. During the term of this Agreement each Voting Party will not, directly or indirectly, transfer (including by operation
of law), sell, offer, exchange, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber (Transfer) any of his, her or
its Voting Shares or enter into any contract, option or other agreement with respect to, or consent to, a Transfer of, any of his, her
or its Voting Shares or Voting Partys voting or economic interest therein. Any attempted Transfer of Voting Shares or any interest
therein in violation of this Section 5 shall be null and void. This Section 5 shall not prohibit or restrict (x) Transfers
by a Voting Party to (a) a Person holding more than 5% of the voting equity securities of SPAC immediately prior to such Transfer, (b)
any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by or under common management or control with such Voting Party or affiliates
of such Voting Party, (c) another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business entity that is an
affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of such Voting Party, (d) a Permitted Transferee
(as such term is defined in the Insider Letter), or (e) if such Voting Party is an entity, any shareholder, member, partner or trust
beneficiary as part of a distribution; provided, that the transferee agrees in a writing, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to New PubCo and SPAC, to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement, or (y) a Voting Party from entering into any contract, option
or other agreement with respect to, or consenting to, a Transfer of, any of his, her or its Voting Shares or Voting Partys voting
or economic interest therein that would occur concurrently with or following the termination of this Agreement. Furthermore, during the
term of this Agreement, each Voting Party will not, directly or indirectly, acquire any Voting Shares if, after such acquisition, such
Voting Party would reasonably be expected to Beneficially Own more than 9.9% of New PubCos Common Shares after giving effect to
the Merger.

3

6. Appraisal
and Dissenters Rights. Each Voting Party hereby (i) waives, and agrees not to assert or perfect, any rights of appraisal or
rights to dissent from the Merger that such Voting Party may have by virtue of ownership of its Voting Shares and (ii) agrees not to commence
or participate in any claim, derivative or otherwise, against SPAC relating to the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement
or the Business Combination Agreement or the consummation of the Merger, including any claim (1) challenging the validity of, or seeking
to enjoin the operation of, any provision of this Agreement or (2) alleging a breach of any fiduciary duty of the board of directors of
SPAC in connection with this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement or the Merger.

7. Redemption
Rights. Each Voting Party agrees not to redeem, elect to redeem or tender or submit any Voting Shares Beneficially Owned by such Voting
Party for redemption in connection with any meeting of shareholders of SPAC, the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement.

8. Anti-Dilution
Adjustment Waiver. Contingent upon the closing of the Merger, each Sponsor and each Insider who is a holder of SPAC Class B Ordinary
Shares (Class B Shares), and who together hold at least a majority of the Class B Shares, hereby waives on behalf
of the holders of all Class B Shares, pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association of SPAC (as may be further amended from time to time, the Articles), any adjustment to
the conversion ratio set forth in Section 17.3 of the Articles, and any rights to other anti-dilution protections with respect to the
Class B Shares, that may arise in connection with the Merger.

9. Termination.
This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the Merger Effective Time and (ii) the date on which the
Business Combination Agreement is terminated for any reason in accordance with its terms. Upon termination of this Agreement, no party
shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities under this Agreement; provided, that nothing in this Section 9
shall relieve any party of liability for any willful breach of this Agreement occurring prior to termination and the provisions of Sections
10 through 13 hereof shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

10. No
Agreement as Director or Officer. Each Voting Party is signing this Agreement solely in its capacity as a shareholder of SPAC. No
Voting Party makes any agreement or understanding in this Agreement in such Voting Partys capacity (or in the capacity of any Affiliate,
partner or employee of Voting Party) as a director or officer of SPAC or any of its Subsidiaries (if Voting Party holds such office).
Nothing in this Agreement will limit or affect any actions or omissions taken by a Voting Party (or any Affiliate, partner or employee
of Voting Party) in his, her or its capacity as a director or officer of SPAC, and no actions or omissions taken in any Voting Partys
capacity (or in the capacity of any Affiliate, partner or employee of Voting Party) as a director or officer shall be deemed a breach
of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to prohibit, limit or restrict a Voting Party (or any Affiliate, partner
or employee of Voting Party) from exercising his or her fiduciary duties as an officer or director to SPAC or its Subsidiaries.

4

11. Specific
Enforcement. It is agreed and understood that monetary damages would not adequately compensate an injured party for the breach of
this Agreement by any party hereto and, accordingly, that this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable, in addition to any other remedy
to which such injured party is entitled at law or in equity, and that any breach of this Agreement shall be the proper subject of a temporary
or permanent injunction or restraining order. Further, each party hereto waives any claim or defense that there is an adequate remedy
at law for such breach or threatened breach or an award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or
equity and agrees that a partys rights would be materially and adversely affected if the obligations of the other parties under
this Agreement were not carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.

12. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and contains the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any provision of this Agreement
may be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party
to this Agreement, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. No waiver of any provisions hereof
by either party shall be deemed a waiver of any other provisions hereof by such party, nor shall any such waiver be deemed a continuing
waiver of any provision hereof by such party.

13. Notices.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given: (a) on the date established by the
sender as having been delivered personally; (b) one Business Day after being sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier guaranteeing
overnight delivery; (c) on the date delivered, if delivered by email of a pdf document; or (d) on the fifth Business Day after
the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications, to be valid, must be
addressed to the relevant addresses and email addresses for each Party as set forth on Annex B attached hereto, or, if to the Voting
Parties(s), to the address(es) set forth on Annex A hereto, or to such other address or to the attention of such Person or Persons
as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party (or in the case of counsel, to such other readily ascertainable
business address as such counsel may hereafter maintain). If more than one method for sending notice as set forth above is used,
the earliest notice date established as set forth above shall control.

14. Miscellaneous.

(a) Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. Sections 11.7 and 11.8 of the Business Combination Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference,
mutatis mutandis.

(b) Severability.
The invalidity of any portion hereof shall not affect the validity, force or effect of the remaining portions hereof. If it is ever held
that any restriction hereunder is too broad to permit enforcement of such restriction to its fullest extent, such restriction shall be
enforced to the maximum extent permitted by Law.

5

(c) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts for the convenience of the parties hereto, each of which shall be deemed an
original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
to this Agreement by electronic, facsimile or portable document format shall be effective as delivery of a mutually executed counterpart
to this Agreement.

(d) Titles
and Headings. The titles, captions and table of contents in this Agreement are for reference purposes only, and shall not in any way
define, limit, extend or describe the scope of this Agreement or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

(e) Assignment;
Successors and Assigns; No Third Party Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement may not, without the prior written
consent of the other parties hereto, be assigned by operation of Law or otherwise, and any attempted assignment shall be null and void.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs,
successors, permitted assigns and legal representatives, and nothing herein, express or implied, it intended to or shall confer upon any
other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) Further
Assurances. Each party hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents as may be necessary or desirable to give effect
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

[ Remainder of page intentionally left blank
]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
and delivered this SPAC Support Agreement as of the date first written above.

SPAC:

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

SPONSORS:

COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: Manager

COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to SPAC Support Agreement]

CANTOR:

CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO.

By: /s/ Sage Kelly

Name: Sage Kelly

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking

[Signature Page to SPAC Support Agreement]

COMPANY: 

KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD.

By: /s/ Kaan Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

[Signature Page to SPAC Support Agreement]

Annex A

Voting Shares

[***]

A-1

Annex B

Notices

[***]

[Annex B to Sponsor Support Agreement]

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023455401ex10-2_cohen1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SPONSOR AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 18, 2025, BY AND AMONG COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I, KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD., COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC, COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC, CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO., AND VEON AMSTERDAM B.V
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION

SPONSOR AGREEMENT

This
SPONSOR AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 17, 2025, by and among (1) COHEN CIRCLE
ACQUISITION CORP. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company (company number 382528) (the SPAC); (2) KYIVSTAR GROUP
LTD., an exempted company with limited liability, incorporated and existing under the laws of Bermuda with
registration number 202504557, with its registered office at Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street,
Hamilton, HM10, Bermuda, and its principal business address at Index Tower (East Tower), Unit 1703, DIFC (Dubai International Financial
Center), United Arab Emirates (New PubCo); (3) COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(CCS I), (4) COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CCA I, and
together with CSS I, the Sponsors), (5) CANTOR FITZGERALD & CO., a New York general partnership (Cantor),
and (6) VEON AMSTERDAM B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated
under Dutch law and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 34378904 (the Seller).
Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, as of the date
hereof (i) in aggregate, the Sponsors are the holders of record and the beneficial owners (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act) of 7,905,000 SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares and (ii) CCS I is the holder of record and the beneficial owner
of 445,000 Placement Units (as defined in the SPAC IPO Prospectus).

WHEREAS, as of the date
hereof, Cantor is the holder of record and beneficial owner of 270,000 Placement Units.

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Seller, the Company, New PubCo, the Merger Sub and the SPAC have entered into a
business combination agreement dated as of the date hereof (the Business Combination Agreement), pursuant to which,
among other matters, the Seller will sell the Company to New PubCo and the Merger Sub will be merged with and into the SPAC, on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth therein.

WHEREAS, in connection
with the consummation of the Transactions: (a) all 445,000 and 270,000 of the New PubCo Securities to be issued to CCS I and Cantor, respectively,
at Closing, in exchange for the SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Placement Units, following the conversion of the Placement
Units into SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares and SPAC Placement Warrants, will not be subject to a lock-up or vesting; (b) the Sponsors will
forfeit 2,155,000 SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares (the Forfeited Sponsor Shares), (c) CCS I will forfeit 148,333.33
SPAC Placement Warrants, which represent all of the SPAC Placement Warrants underlying the Placement Units held by CCS I following the
conversion of the Placement Units into SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares and SPAC Placement Warrants (the Forfeited Sponsor Warrants),
(d) Cantor will forfeit 90,000 SPAC Placement Warrants, which represent all of the SPAC Placement Warrants underlying the Placement Units
held by Cantor following the conversion of the Placement Units into SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares and SPAC Placement Warrants (the Forfeited
Cantor Warrants), (e) 4,312,500 of the New PubCo Securities to be issued to the Sponsors at Closing in exchange for their SPAC
Class A Ordinary Shares (resulting from the preceding conversion from the SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares in accordance with the conversion
mechanics set forth in the SPAC Governing Documents) will be subject to a lock-up (the Lock-up Securities); and (iii) 1,437,500
of the New PubCo Securities to be issued for the benefit of the Sponsors at Closing in exchange for their SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares
(resulting from the preceding conversion from the SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares in accordance with the conversion mechanics set forth in
the SPAC Governing Documents) will be subject to certain vesting conditions (the Vesting Securities), in each case
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

WHEREAS, immediately following
the Closing, the Sponsors will hold 6,195,000 New PubCo Common Shares, as set forth in Annex A.

WHEREAS, as an inducement
to the New PubCo to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and to consummate the Transactions, the parties hereto desire to agree
to certain matters as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto hereby agree
as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Defined Terms. For
purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

Adjustment Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

Business Combination
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

First Vesting Longstop
Date shall mean the second anniversary of the Closing Date.

First Vesting Tranche
Condition shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(i).

First Vesting Tranche
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(i).

Forfeited Cantor Warrants
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Forfeited Sponsor Shares
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Forfeited Sponsor Warrants
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Forfeited Unvested
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c).

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of October 10, 2024, among the SPAC, the Sponsors and the Insiders (as such term is
defined therein).

2

Liquidation Event
means a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all assets or other similar transaction
involving New PubCo.

Lock-up
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

Lock-up Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

Lock-up Securities
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

New PubCo Securities
shall mean the New PubCo Common Shares from time to time, together with any securities paid as dividends or distributions with respect
to such securities or into which such securities are exchanged or converted.

Permitted Transferee
shall mean the Persons to whom the Lock-up Securities may be Transferred in accordance with Section 3.1(c).

Restricted Period
shall mean the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending: (a) in respect of the First Vesting Tranche Securities, on the earlier
of (i) the date on which the First Vesting Tranche Securities become vested in accordance with Section 4.1(b)(i) and (ii)
the First Vesting Longstop Date; and (b) in respect of the Second Vesting Tranche Securities, on the earlier of (i) the date on which
the Second Vesting Tranche Securities become vested in accordance with Section 4.1(b)(ii) and (ii) the Second Vesting Longstop
Date.

Second Vesting Longstop
Date shall mean the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date.

Second Vesting Tranche
Condition shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(ii).

Second Vesting Tranche
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(b)(ii).

Securities Price
shall mean, on any date after the Closing, the closing sale price per share of the New PubCo Securities reported as of 4:00 p.m., New
York, New York time on such date by Bloomberg, or if not available on Bloomberg, as reported by Morningstar.

SPAC IPO Prospectus
shall mean the final prospectus of the SPAC filed with the SEC (File No. 333-282271) on October 11, 2024.

Trading Day
shall mean any day on which trading is generally conducted on the Nasdaq or such other exchange on which the New PubCo Securities are
traded and published, from time to time.

Transfer
shall mean: (a) the sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise
dispose of or agreement to dispose of, in each case, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position
or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any
security; (b) the entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise; or (c)
the public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

Vesting Securities
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

3

Article
II 

FORFEITURE; CAncellation

2.1 SPAC Ordinary Shares
Forfeiture. On the Closing Date, effective immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time
and conditioned upon the Closing: (a) the Sponsors hereby, without any further action by any Sponsor, the SPAC or any other Person, irrevocably
surrender for cancellation and forfeit to the SPAC the Forfeited Sponsor Shares, which shall thereupon be deemed automatically cancelled
and no longer be issued or outstanding, and no SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares, New PubCo Securities, or other consideration shall be delivered
or deliverable in exchange therefor; and (b) the SPAC shall thereupon take such action as may be necessary or appropriate to cause Continental
Trust to record the cancellation of the Forfeited Sponsor Shares and to take any and all such actions to give effect thereto and shall
provide the Seller with written evidence that such cancellation has occurred.

2.2 CCS I Placement Warrant
Forfeiture. On the Closing Date, effective immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time
and conditioned upon the Closing: (a) CCS I hereby, without any further action by CCS I, the SPAC or any other Person, irrevocably surrender
for cancellation and forfeits to the SPAC each Forfeited Sponsor Warrant, which shall thereupon be deemed automatically cancelled and
no longer be issued or outstanding, and no New PubCo Public Warrant or other consideration shall be delivered or deliverable in exchange
therefor; and (b) the SPAC shall thereupon take such action as may be necessary or appropriate to cause Continental Trust to record the
cancellation of the Forfeited Sponsor Warrants and to take any and all such actions to give effect thereto and shall provide the Seller
with written evidence that such cancellation has occurred.

2.3 Cantor Placement Warrant
Forfeiture. On the Closing Date, effective immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time and conditioned upon the Closing: (a) Cantor
hereby, without any further action by Cantor, the SPAC or any other Person, irrevocably surrenders for cancellation and forfeits to the
SPAC each Forfeited Sponsor Warrant, which shall thereupon be deemed automatically cancelled and no longer be issued or outstanding,
and no New PubCo Public Warrant or other consideration shall be delivered or deliverable in exchange therefor; and (b) the SPAC shall
thereupon take such action as may be necessary or appropriate to cause Continental Trust to record the cancellation of the Forfeited
Sponsor Warrants and to take any and all such actions to give effect thereto.

Article
III 

LOCK-UP OF SPONSORS SECURITIES

3.1 Lock-up.

(a) The
Insider Letter provides, among other things, that the SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares, Placement Units, SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares and
SPAC Placement Warrants held by the Sponsors shall only be transferable upon the happening of certain events. Effective as of the Merger
Effective Time, and conditioned upon the Closing, the Insider Agreement shall automatically, without further action of any Person, be
terminated and of no further force and effect.

4

(b) Effective
at the Merger Effective Time, the Sponsors shall not Transfer (the Lock-up) any of the Lock-up Securities until the
earlier of (the Lock-up Period): (i) the date that is 180 days following the Closing Date; (ii) the first date on
which the Securities Price meets or exceeds $13.50 for 20 Trading Days out of any consecutive 30 Trading Days (but no earlier than the
date that is 90 days after the Closing Date); and (iii) immediately prior to (but conditioned upon) the occurrence of a Liquidation Event,
in each case except to a Permitted Transferee as expressly permitted by Section 3.1(c) below. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Lock-up during the Lock-up Period shall continue to apply to the Lock-up Securities following their transfer to a Permitted Transferee.

(c) Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in Section 3.1(b), the Sponsors, or any Permitted Transferee, as applicable, may Transfer any or all of
the Lock-up Securities during the Lock-up Period: (i) (A) to any direct or indirect partners, members, directors, officers or equity holders
of the Sponsors, any Affiliates of the Sponsors or any related investment funds or vehicles controlled or managed by such Persons or their
respective Affiliates or any immediate family member, partner, affiliate or employee of a member of the Sponsors, (B) by gift to any such
Permitted Transferee in the preceding clause (A) or by trust, the beneficiaries of which are one or more Permitted Transferees under the
preceding clause (A), and (C) by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of any applicable Permitted Transferee in the preceding
clause (A); (ii) by virtue of any binding Law or Order; (iii) by virtue of a Sponsors governing documents or by virtue of the laws
of Delaware upon liquidation or dissolution of such Sponsor; (iv) for the purposes of granting a pledge as security or collateral in connection
with any bona fide borrowing or the incurrence of any indebtedness by the Sponsor; provided that such borrowing or incurrence
of indebtedness is secured by a portfolio of assets or equity interests issued by multiple issuers; and (v) pursuant to a Liquidation
Event; provided, however, that in each case such Permitted Transferee must agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this
Agreement, including the restrictions set forth in this Section 3.1, prior to or in connection with such Transfer.

(d) During
the Lock-up Period, each certificate (if any are issued) evidencing any Lock-up Securities shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with,
or each book entry account evidencing any Lock-up Securities must bear, a legend in substantially the following form, in addition to any
other applicable legends:

THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN A SPONSOR AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 17, 2025, BY AND AMONG
THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES (THE ISSUER) AND THE ISSUERS SECURITY HOLDER NAMED THEREIN, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO
TIME. A COPY OF SUCH SPONSOR AGREEMENT WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

(e) The
Sponsor (and its Permitted Transferees) shall retain all of their rights as a holder of the Lock-up Securities during the Lock-up Period,
including the right to vote and to receive any dividends and distributions in respect of any Lock-up Securities. For the avoidance of
doubt, any shares of New PubCo Securities that are not Lock-up Securities shall not be subject to the provisions of this Section 3.1.

5

Article
IV

VESTING OF SPONSORS SECURITIES

4.1 Vesting.

(a) Effective
upon the Closing, the Vesting Securities shall be unvested and shall be subject to the vesting and forfeiture provisions set forth below,
and no unvested Vesting Securities may be Transferred prior to the date, if any, such Vesting Securities become vested pursuant to the
below provisions.

(b) The
Vesting Securities shall be subject to vesting and forfeiture from and after the Closing as follows:

(i) 718,750
of the Vesting Securities (the First Vesting Tranche Securities): (A) shall immediately vest and no longer be subject
to forfeiture on the first date that the Securities Price meets or exceeds $15.00 for 20 Trading Days out of any consecutive 30 Trading
Days (the First Vesting Tranche Condition), if such date occurs before the First Vesting Longstop Date; or (B) shall
be irrevocably surrendered to New PubCo, without any consideration, effective on the first Business Day following the First Vesting Longstop
Date, if the First Vesting Tranche Condition has not been satisfied on or before the First Vesting Longstop Date; and

(ii) 718,750
of the Vesting Securities (the Second Vesting Tranche Securities): (A) shall immediately vest and no longer be subject
to forfeiture on the first date that the Securities Price meets or exceeds $20.00 for 20 Trading Days out of any consecutive 30 Trading
Days (the Second Vesting Tranche Condition), if such date occurs before the Second Vesting Longstop Date; or (B)
shall be irrevocably surrendered to New PubCo, without any consideration, effective on the first Business Day following the Second Vesting
Longstop Date, if the Second Vesting Tranche Condition has not been satisfied on or before the Second Vesting Longstop Date.

(c) If
the First Vesting Tranche Securities and/or the Second Vesting Tranche Securities become subject to forfeiture in accordance with Sections
4.1(b)(i) and 4.1(b)(ii), respectively: (i) the First Vesting Tranche Securities and/or the Second Vesting Tranche Securities,
as the case may be, shall be immediately and irrevocably surrendered, and no consideration shall be delivered or deliverable in exchange
therefor (the Forfeited Unvested Securities); (ii) New PubCo shall immediately upon receipt of the Forfeited Unvested
Securities direct Continental Trust (or its successor) or such other intermediaries as appropriate to take any and all such actions to
either cancel the Forfeited Unvested Securities, or transfer them into treasury, or otherwise take such further actions as New PubCo shall
determine; and (iv) the Sponsors shall cease to have any right, title or interest in and to such Forfeited Unvested Securities.

6

(d) During
the Restricted Period, each certificate (if any are issued) evidencing any Vesting Securities shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted
with, or each book entry account evidencing any Vesting Securities must bear, a legend in substantially the following form, in addition
to any other applicable legends:

THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, VOTING, DIVIDENDS AND OTHER RIGHTS SET FORTH IN A SPONSOR AGREEMENT, DATED
AS OF MARCH 17, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES (THE ISSUER) AND THE ISSUERS SECURITY HOLDER NAMED
THEREIN, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME. A COPY OF SUCH SPONSOR AGREEMENT WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDER HEREOF
UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, any Vesting Securities shall immediately vest and no longer be subject to the restrictions in this Section
4.1 immediately prior to (but conditioned upon) the occurrence of a Liquidation Event.

(f) The
Sponsors (and its Permitted Transferees) shall retain all of their rights as a beneficial holder of the Vesting Securities until such
time, if any, that they are forfeited in accordance with this Agreement, including the right to vote and to receive any dividends and
distributions in respect of any Vesting Securities; provided that any dividends and distributions declared and paid prior vesting shall
be held by the Company and shall be paid to the Sponsors upon such time, if any, that the applicable Vesting Securities are no longer
subject to the restriction in this Section 4.1; provided further that any dividends and distributions accrued on the Vesting Securities
shall be returned to New PubCo if such Vesting Securities do not vest. For the avoidance of doubt, any shares of New PubCo Securities
that are not Vesting Securities shall not be subject to the provisions of this Section 4.1.

4.2 Delivery
of Vesting Securities. Following the date hereof, taking into account legal and regulatory considerations, the parties shall determine
and at the Closing effect the most efficient method of delivering the benefit of the Vesting Securities to the Sponsors, which may, but
need not be, by way of a trustee or escrow agent.

Article
V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 Representations and Warranties
of the Sponsors and Cantor. Each of each Sponsor and Cantor (severally,
and not jointly) hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof to the SPAC, New PubCo and Seller as follows:

(a) Organization;
Due Authorization. Such Person is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is incorporated, formed, organized or constituted, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby are within such Persons corporate, limited liability company or organizational powers and
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company or organizational actions on the part of such Person.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Person and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other
parties to this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes a legally valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such
Person in accordance with the terms hereof (except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy Laws, other similar Laws affecting creditors
rights and general principles of equity affecting the availability of specific performance and other equitable remedies).

7

(b) Ownership.
Such Person is the record and beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of, and has good title to, as
applicable, (i) its Placement Units; and (ii) its SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares (if any), and there exist no Liens or any other limitations
or restrictions (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such Placement Units or SPAC Class B Ordinary
Shares) affecting any such Placement Units or SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares, other than pursuant to (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Business
Combination Agreement, (iii) the SPAC Governing Documents, (iv) the Insider Letter and (v) any applicable securities Laws. Other than
pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and the SPAC Governing Documents, such Person does not hold or own any rights to acquire
(directly or indirectly) any equity securities of New PubCo or any equity securities convertible into, or which can be exchanged for,
equity securities of New PubCo.

(c) No
Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Person does not, and the performance by such Person of its obligations
hereunder will not: (i) conflict with or result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Person; or (ii) require any consent
or approval that has not been given or other action that has not been taken by any Person (including under any contract binding upon such
Person or such Persons Placement Units or SPAC Class B Ordinary Shares, as applicable), in each case to the extent such consent,
approval or other action would prevent, enjoin or materially delay the performance by such Person of its obligations under this Agreement.
Such Person has full right and power to enter into this Agreement.

(d) Litigation.
There are no Proceedings pending against such Person, or to the knowledge of such Person threatened against such Person, before (or, in
the case of threatened Proceedings, that would be before) any Governmental Entity, which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent,
enjoin or materially delay the performance by such Person of its obligations under this Agreement.

(e) Acknowledgment.
Such Person understands and acknowledges that each of New PubCo, the Seller, and the SPAC is entering into the Business Combination Agreement
in reliance upon such Persons execution and delivery of this Agreement. Such Person has had the opportunity to read the Business
Combination Agreement, and has had the opportunity to consult with its tax and legal advisors.

5.2 Representations and Warranties
of the SPAC, New PubCo and the Seller. Each of the SPAC, New PubCo and the Seller (severally,
and not jointly) hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof to the each other party hereto as follows:

(a) Organization;
Due Authorization. Such Person is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is incorporated, formed, organized or constituted, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby are within such Persons corporate, limited liability company or organizational powers and
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company or organizational actions on the part of such Person.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Person and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other
parties to this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes a legally valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such
Person in accordance with the terms hereof (except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy Laws, other similar Laws affecting creditors
rights and general principles of equity affecting the availability of specific performance and other equitable remedies).

8

(b) No
Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Person does not, and the performance by such Person of its obligations
hereunder will not: (i) conflict with or result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Person; or (ii) require any consent
or approval that has not been given or other action that has not been taken by any Person, in each case to the extent such consent, approval
or other action would prevent, enjoin or materially delay the performance by such Person of its obligations under this Agreement. Such
Person has full right and power to enter into this Agreement.

(c) Litigation.
There are no Proceedings pending against such Person, or to the knowledge of such Person threatened against such Person, before (or, in
the case of threatened Proceedings, that would be before) any Governmental Entity, which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent,
enjoin or materially delay the performance by such Person of its obligations under this Agreement.

Article
VI

Miscellaneous

6.1 Equitable Adjustment.
If the outstanding New PubCo Securities shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a different class, by reason of
any share split, division or subdivision of shares, share dividend or distribution (including any dividend or distribution of securities
convertible into New PubCo Securities), reorganization, combination, exchange of shares, reverse share split, consolidation of shares,
reclassification, recapitalization or other like change with respect to New PubCo Securities (the Adjustment Event)
while restrictions set forth in Article III and Article IV remain in effect, then any number, value (including dollar value)
or amount contained herein which is based upon the number of New PubCo Securities will be equitably adjusted for such Adjustment Event.
Any adjustment under this Section 6.1 shall become effective at the close of business on the date any such Adjustment Event
becomes effective.

6.2 Restricted
Transfers. If any Transfer is made or attempted contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, such Transfer shall be null and void
ab initio, and New PubCo shall refuse to recognize any such transferee of the Lock-up Securities and/or Vesting Securities as one
of its securityholders for any purpose. In order to enforce this Section 6.2, New PubCo may impose stop-transfer instructions
with respect to the Lock-up Securities and/or Vesting Securities of the attempted transferor (and any permitted transferees and assigns
thereof) until the restrictions contained herein are no longer applicable.

9

6.3 Legend Removal.
Following the expiration or release of all transfer restrictions pursuant to Article III and Article IV, New PubCo shall,
upon the request of an applicable holder and subject to applicable Law or Order, cause any legend stamped or otherwise imprinted in accordance
with Section 3.1(d) and Section 4.1(d) to be removed from the certificate or book-entry position evidencing the
applicable Lock-up Securities or Vesting Securities; provided that any legends required by applicable Law shall remain until the New
PubCo reasonably determines after consultation with counsel that such legends may be removed.

6.4 Termination.
This Agreement and all of its provisions shall terminate and be of no further force or effect: (a) upon the mutual written agreement
signed in writing by each of the Sponsors, the SPAC, the Seller, and New PubCo; (b) automatically upon the termination of the Business
Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms; or (c) automatically at such time that all of (i) the Lock-up Securities and (ii)
the Vesting Securities are no longer subject to the terms and conditions of Article III and Article IV hereof. Upon such
termination of this Agreement, all obligations of the parties under this Agreement will terminate, without any liability or other obligation
on the part of any party hereto to any Person in respect hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Section 6.4
through Section 6.14 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

6.5 Governing Law.
This Agreement and any action, suit, dispute, controversy or claim arising out of this Agreement, or the validity, interpretation, breach
or termination of this Agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal law of the State of Delaware regardless
of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law thereof.

6.6 Consent
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) Each
of the parties irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any Delaware Chancery Court or Federal court of the United
States of America sitting in Delaware, in each case in connection with any matter based upon or arising out of this Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents and the consummation of the Transactions. Each party and any Person asserting rights as a third-party beneficiary
may do so only if he, she or it hereby waives, and shall not assert as a defense in any legal dispute, that: (a) such Person is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason; (b) such Proceeding may not be brought or is not
maintainable in such court; (c) such Persons property is exempt or immune from execution; (d) such Proceeding is brought
in an inconvenient forum; or (e) the venue of such Proceeding is improper. Each party and any Person asserting rights as a third-party
beneficiary hereby agrees not to commence or prosecute any such action, claim, cause of action or suit other than before one of the above-named
courts, nor to make any motion or take any other action seeking or intending to cause the transfer or removal of any such action, claim,
cause of action or suit to any court other than one of the above-named courts, whether on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise.
Each party hereby consents to service of process in any such proceeding in any manner permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware,
and further consents to service of process by nationally recognized overnight courier service guaranteeing overnight delivery, or by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address specified pursuant to Section 6.11 and waives and covenants not
to assert or plead any objection which they might otherwise have to such manner of service of process. Notwithstanding the foregoing in
this Section 6.6, any party may commence any action, claim, cause of action or suit in a court other than the above-named
courts solely for the purpose of enforcing an order or judgment issued by one of the above-named courts.

10

(b) TO
THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW WHICH CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH OF THE PARTIES AND ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARY MAY DO SO ONLY IF HE, SHE OR IT IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY ON ANY CLAIMS OR COUNTERCLAIMS
ASSERTED IN ANY LEGAL DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT AND THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS, AND
FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM RELATING THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING. IF THE SUBJECT MATTER OF ANY SUCH LEGAL
DISPUTE IS ONE IN WHICH THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL IS PROHIBITED, NO PARTY NOR ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY
SHALL ASSERT IN SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE A NON-COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
AND THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS. FURTHERMORE, NO PARTY NOR ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY SHALL
SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE WITH A SEPARATE ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE WAIVED.

6.7 Assignment. This
Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
permitted successors and assigns. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties are
personal to the parties and may not be transferred or delegated by the parties at any time.

6.8 Specific Performance.
The parties agree that irreparable damage may occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for
such breach, and the non-breaching party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party
may have in law or in equity, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the chancery court or any other
state or federal court within the State of Delaware.

6.9 Amendment. This Agreement
may not be amended, changed, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement
executed by the parties hereto.

6.10 Severability. If
any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree
will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.

6.11 Notices.
Any notice or other communication to be given by a party to another party in connection with this Agreement shall, except where
otherwise specifically provided: (a) be in writing in the English language; (b) given by pre-paid registered post, by an
internationally recognized courier company or by email to the relevant address or email address set forth below, or (c) by any other
method approved in writing by the receiving party. The relevant addresses and email addresses for each party are as set forth on Annex
B attached hereto.

11

Any notice or other communication
sent in accordance with this Section 6.11 shall be deemed to have been given and received: (a) if sent by pre-paid courier,
on the earlier of the time of delivery and three Business Days after being sent to a representative of the courier service; (b) if sent
by email, upon being sent, subject to no automated notification of delivery failure being received by the sender for all the recipient
email addresses, except that if such time is outside of Working Hours, such notice or other communication shall instead be deemed given
and received at the start of the next period of Working Hours; or (c) if sent by any other method approved by the recipient, upon the
recipient giving written confirmation of receipt. Any party may change any of its notice details by giving written notice of such to each
other party. Such notice shall take effect two Business Days after it is given (or on any later date specified in such notice). This Section 6.11
does not apply to the formal service of any court proceedings.

6.12 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same document and shall become effective
when such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties, it being understood that all Parties
need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery by electronic transmission to counsel for the other Parties of a counterpart executed by
a Party shall be deemed to meet the requirements of the previous sentence. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts
or otherwise) in pdf, DocuSign or similar format and transmitted by facsimile or email shall be constitute an original, and all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

6.13 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement and the agreements referenced herein constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect
of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto to
the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof.

6.14 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any other Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies.

6.15 Certain
Waivers. Subject to Cantors receipt in full of the Modified Deferred Fee, in cash,
on or about the Closing Date, as set forth in and as defined in that certain Fee Reduction Agreement between Cantor and the SPAC,
dated on or about the date hereof, Cantor, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, waives compliance by the SPAC, effective as
of, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Transactions at the Merger Effective Time, with Sections 3.6.2, 3.8, 3.9, 3.12,
3.13, 3.21, 3.28, 3.30, 3.32, 3.34.4 of that certain Underwriting Agreement dated October 10, 2024, by and between the SPAC and
Cantor, as representative of the Underwriters (as defined therein).

[Signature
Page Follows]

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have each caused this Sponsor Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COHEN CIRCLE ACQUISITION CORP. I

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Sponsor Agreement]

COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: Manager

COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Sponsor Agreement]

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

By: /s/ Sage Kelly

Name: Sage Kelly

Title: Global Head of Investment Banking

[Signature Page to Sponsor Agreement]

KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD.

By: /s/ Kaan Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Sponsor Agreement]

VEON AMSTERDAM B.V.

By: /s/ Kaan Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

By: /s/ Maciej
Wojtaszek

Name: Maciej Wojtaszek

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Sponsor Agreement]

ANNEX A

Sponsors New PubCo Common Shares immediately
after the Closing

[***]

A-1

ANNEX B

Notices

[***]

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023455401ex10-3_cohen1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SELLER LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 18, 2025, BY AND AMONG KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD., COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC, COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC, AND VEON AMSTERDAM B.V.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

EXECUTION VERSION

SELLER LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

This
SELLER LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 17, 2025, by and among (1) KYIVSTAR
GROUP LTD., an exempted company with limited liability, incorporated and existing under the laws of Bermuda
with registration number 202504557, with its registered office at Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street,
Hamilton, HM10, Bermuda, and its principal business address at Index Tower (East Tower), Unit 1703, DIFC (Dubai International Financial
Center), United Arab Emirates (New PubCo); (2) COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(CCS I), (3) COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (CCA I, and
together with CSS I, the Sponsors), and (4) VEON AMSTERDAM B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer
van Koophandel) under number 34378904 (the Seller). Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the
meanings set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Seller, the Company, New PubCo, the Merger Sub and the SPAC have entered into a
business combination agreement dated as of the date hereof (the Business Combination Agreement), pursuant to which,
among other matters, the Seller will sell the Company to New PubCo and the Merger Sub will be merged with and into the SPAC, on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth therein.

WHEREAS, in connection
with the consummation of the Transactions, 95% of the New PubCo Securities to be issued to the Seller at Closing in consideration for
the sale of the Company to New PubCo will be subject to a lock-up (the Lock-up Securities), on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

WHEREAS, as an inducement
to the Sponsors to enter into the Business Combination Agreement and to consummate the Transactions, the parties hereto desire to agree
to certain matters as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Defined
Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

Adjustment Event
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

Business Combination
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Liquidation Event
means a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all assets or other similar transaction
involving New PubCo.

Lock-up
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Lock-up Period
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Lock-up Securities
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

New PubCo Securities
shall mean the New PubCo Common Shares from time to time, together with any securities paid as dividends or distributions with respect
to such securities or into which such securities are exchanged or converted.

Permitted Transferee
shall mean the Persons to whom the Lock-up Securities may be Transferred in accordance with Section 2.1(b).

Securities Price
shall mean, on any date after the Closing, the closing sale price per share of the New PubCo Securities reported as of 4:00 p.m., New
York, New York time on such date by Bloomberg, or if not available on Bloomberg, as reported by Morningstar.

SPAC IPO Prospectus
shall mean the final prospectus of the SPAC filed with the SEC (File No. 333-282271) on October 11, 2024.

Trading Day
shall mean any day on which trading is generally conducted on the Nasdaq or such other exchange on which the New PubCo Securities are
traded and published, from time to time.

Transfer
shall mean: (a) the sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise
dispose of or agreement to dispose of, in each case, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position
or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any
security; (b) the entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise; or (c)
the public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b).

Vesting Securities
shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

2

Article
II

LOCK-UP
OF SELLERS SECURITIES

2.1 Lock-up.

(a) Effective
at the Merger Effective Time, the Seller shall not Transfer (the Lock-up) any of the Lock-up Securities until the
earlier of (the Lock-up Period): (i) the date that is 180 days following the Closing Date; (ii) the first date on
which the Securities Price meets or exceeds $13.50 for 20 Trading Days out of any consecutive 30 Trading Days (but no earlier than the
date that is 90 days after the Closing Date); and (iii) immediately prior to (but conditioned upon) the occurrence of a Liquidation Event,
in each case except to a Permitted Transferee as expressly permitted by Section 3.1(c) below. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Lock-up during the Lock-up Period shall continue to apply to the Lock-up Securities following their transfer to a Permitted Transferee.

(b) Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in Section 2.1(a), the Seller, or any Permitted Transferee, as applicable, may Transfer any or all
of the Lock-up Securities during the Lock-up Period: (i) (A) to any direct or indirect partners, members, directors, officers or equity
holders of the Seller, any Affiliates of the Seller or any related investment funds or vehicles controlled or managed by such Persons
or their respective Affiliates or any immediate family member, partner, affiliate or employee of a member of the Seller, (B) by gift to
any such Permitted Transferee in the preceding clause (A) or by trust, the beneficiaries of which are one or more Permitted Transferees
under the preceding clause (A), and (C) by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of any applicable Permitted Transferee
in the preceding clause (A); (ii) by virtue of any binding Law or Order; (iii) by virtue of a Sellers governing documents or by
virtue of the laws of Bermuda upon liquidation or dissolution of the Seller; (iv) for the purposes of granting a pledge as security or
collateral in connection with any bona fide borrowing or the incurrence of any indebtedness by the Seller; provided that
such borrowing or incurrence of indebtedness is secured by a portfolio of assets or equity interests issued by multiple issuers; and (v)
pursuant to a Liquidation Event; provided, however, that in each case such Permitted Transferee must agree in writing to be bound
by the provisions of this Agreement, including the restrictions set forth in this Section 2.1, prior to or in connection with
such Transfer.

(c) During
the Lock-up Period, each certificate (if any are issued) evidencing any Lock-up Securities shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with,
or each book entry account evidencing any Lock-up Securities must bear, a legend in substantially the following form, in addition to any
other applicable legends:

THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN A SELLER LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 17, 2025, BY AND
AMONG THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES (THE ISSUER) AND THE ISSUERS SECURITY HOLDER NAMED THEREIN, AS AMENDED FROM TIME
TO TIME. A COPY OF SUCH SELLER LOCK-UP AGREEMENT WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE BY THE ISSUER TO THE HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

(d) The
Seller (and its Permitted Transferees) shall retain all of their rights as a holder of the Lock-up Securities during the Lock-up Period,
including the right to vote and to receive any dividends and distributions in respect of any Lock-up Securities. For the avoidance of
doubt, any shares of New PubCo Securities that are not Lock-up Securities shall not be subject to the provisions of this Section 3.1.

3

Article
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Parties. Each of the New PubCo, the Sponsors and the Seller (severally, and not jointly) hereby represents
and warrants as of the date hereof to the each other party hereto as follows:

(a) Organization;
Due Authorization. Such Person is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is incorporated, formed, organized or constituted, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby are within such Persons corporate, limited liability company or organizational powers and
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company or organizational actions on the part of such Person.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Person and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other
parties to this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes a legally valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such
Person in accordance with the terms hereof (except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy Laws, other similar Laws affecting creditors
rights and general principles of equity affecting the availability of specific performance and other equitable remedies).

(b) No
Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Person does not, and the performance by such Person of its obligations
hereunder will not: (i) conflict with or result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Person; or (ii) require any consent
or approval that has not been given or other action that has not been taken by any Person, in each case to the extent such consent, approval
or other action would prevent, enjoin or materially delay the performance by such Person of its obligations under this Agreement. Such
Person has full right and power to enter into this Agreement.

(c) Litigation.
There are no Proceedings pending against such Person, or to the knowledge of such Person threatened against such Person, before (or, in
the case of threatened Proceedings, that would be before) any Governmental Entity, which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent,
enjoin or materially delay the performance by such Person of its obligations under this Agreement.

Article
IV

Miscellaneous

4.1 Equitable Adjustment.
If the outstanding New PubCo Securities shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a different class, by reason of
any share split, division or subdivision of shares, share dividend or distribution (including any dividend or distribution of securities
convertible into New PubCo Securities), reorganization, combination, exchange of shares, reverse share split, consolidation of shares,
reclassification, recapitalization or other like change with respect to New PubCo Securities (the Adjustment Event)
while restrictions set forth in Article II remain in effect, then any number, value (including dollar value) or amount contained
herein which is based upon the number of New PubCo Securities will be equitably adjusted for such Adjustment Event. Any adjustment under
this Section 4.1 shall become effective at the close of business on the date any such Adjustment Event becomes effective.

4

4.2 Restricted
Transfers. If any Transfer is made or attempted contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, such Transfer shall be null and void
ab initio, and New PubCo shall refuse to recognize any such transferee of the Lock-up Securities and/or Vesting Securities as one
of its securityholders for any purpose. In order to enforce this Section 4.2, New PubCo may impose stop-transfer instructions
with respect to the Lock-up Securities and/or Vesting Securities of the attempted transferor (and any permitted transferees and assigns
thereof) until the restrictions contained herein are no longer applicable.

4.3 Legend Removal.
Following the expiration or release of all transfer restrictions pursuant to Article II, New PubCo shall, upon the request of
an applicable holder and subject to applicable Law or Order, cause any legend stamped or otherwise imprinted in accordance with Section 2.1(c)
to be removed from the certificate or book-entry position evidencing the applicable Lock-up Securities or Vesting Securities; provided
that any legends required by applicable Law shall remain until the New PubCo reasonably determines after consultation with counsel that
such legends may be removed.

4.4 Termination.
This Agreement and all of its provisions shall terminate and be of no further force or effect: (a) upon the mutual written agreement
signed in writing by each of the Sponsors, the Seller, and New PubCo; (b) automatically upon the termination of the Business Combination
Agreement in accordance with its terms; or (c) automatically at such time that all of (i) the Lock-up Securities and (ii) the Vesting
Securities are no longer subject to the terms and conditions of Article II hereof. Upon such termination of this Agreement, all
obligations of the parties under this Agreement will terminate, without any liability or other obligation on the part of any party hereto
to any Person in respect hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Section 4.4 through Section 4.14 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement.

4.5 Governing Law.
This Agreement and any action, suit, dispute, controversy or claim arising out of this Agreement, or the validity, interpretation, breach
or termination of this Agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal law of the State of Delaware regardless
of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law thereof.

4.6 Consent
to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) Each
of the parties irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any Delaware Chancery Court or Federal court of the United
States of America sitting in Delaware, in each case in connection with any matter based upon or arising out of this Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents and the consummation of the Transactions. Each party and any Person asserting rights as a third-party beneficiary
may do so only if he, she or it hereby waives, and shall not assert as a defense in any legal dispute, that: (a) such Person is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason; (b) such Proceeding may not be brought or is not
maintainable in such court; (c) such Persons property is exempt or immune from execution; (d) such Proceeding is brought
in an inconvenient forum; or (e) the venue of such Proceeding is improper. Each party and any Person asserting rights as a third-party
beneficiary hereby agrees not to commence or prosecute any such action, claim, cause of action or suit other than before one of the above-named
courts, nor to make any motion or take any other action seeking or intending to cause the transfer or removal of any such action, claim,
cause of action or suit to any court other than one of the above-named courts, whether on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise.
Each party hereby consents to service of process in any such proceeding in any manner permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware,
and further consents to service of process by nationally recognized overnight courier service guaranteeing overnight delivery, or by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address specified pursuant to Section 4.11 and waives and covenants not
to assert or plead any objection which they might otherwise have to such manner of service of process. Notwithstanding the foregoing in
this Section 4.6, any party may commence any action, claim, cause of action or suit in a court other than the above-named
courts solely for the purpose of enforcing an order or judgment issued by one of the above-named courts.

5

(b) TO
THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW WHICH CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH OF THE PARTIES AND ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY
BENEFICIARY MAY DO SO ONLY IF HE, SHE OR IT IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY ON ANY CLAIMS OR COUNTERCLAIMS
ASSERTED IN ANY LEGAL DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT AND THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS, AND
FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM RELATING THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING. IF THE SUBJECT MATTER OF ANY SUCH LEGAL
DISPUTE IS ONE IN WHICH THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL IS PROHIBITED, NO PARTY NOR ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY
SHALL ASSERT IN SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE A NON-COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
AND THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS. FURTHERMORE, NO PARTY NOR ANY PERSON ASSERTING RIGHTS AS A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY SHALL
SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH LEGAL DISPUTE WITH A SEPARATE ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE WAIVED.

4.7 Assignment.
This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
permitted successors and assigns. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement and all obligations of the parties are
personal to the parties and may not be transferred or delegated by the parties at any time.

4.8 Specific Performance.
The parties agree that irreparable damage may occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for
such breach, and the non-breaching party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party
may have in law or in equity, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in the chancery court or any other
state or federal court within the State of Delaware.

4.9 Amendment.
This Agreement may not be amended, changed, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, except upon the execution and delivery of a written
agreement executed by the parties hereto.

6

4.10 Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree
will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.

4.11 Notices.
Any notice or other communication to be given by a party to another party in connection with this Agreement shall, except where otherwise
specifically provided: (a) be in writing in the English language; (b) given by pre-paid registered post, by an internationally recognized
courier company or by email to the relevant address or email address set forth below, or (c) by any other method approved in writing
by the receiving party. The relevant addresses and email addresses for each Party are set forth on Annex A attached hereto.

Any notice or other communication
sent in accordance with this Section 4.11 shall be deemed to have been given and received: (a) if sent by pre-paid courier,
on the earlier of the time of delivery and three Business Days after being sent to a representative of the courier service; (b) if sent
by email, upon being sent, subject to no automated notification of delivery failure being received by the sender for all the recipient
email addresses, except that if such time is outside of Working Hours, such notice or other communication shall instead be deemed given
and received at the start of the next period of Working Hours; or (c) if sent by any other method approved by the recipient, upon the
recipient giving written confirmation of receipt. Any party may change any of its notice details by giving written notice of such to each
other party. Such notice shall take effect two Business Days after it is given (or on any later date specified in such notice). This Section 4.11
does not apply to the formal service of any court proceedings.

4.12 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same document and shall become effective
when such counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties, it being understood that all Parties
need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery by electronic transmission to counsel for the other Parties of a counterpart executed by
a Party shall be deemed to meet the requirements of the previous sentence. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts
or otherwise) in pdf, DocuSign or similar format and transmitted by facsimile or email shall be constitute an original, and all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

4.13 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement and the agreements referenced herein constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect
of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties hereto to
the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof.

4.14 No Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any other Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies.

[Signature
Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have each caused this Seller Lock-Up Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COHEN CIRCLE SPONSOR I, LLC

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: Manager

COHEN CIRCLE ADVISORS I, LLC

By: /s/ Betsy Z. Cohen

Name: Betsy Z. Cohen

Title: Manager

[Signature Page to Seller Lock-Up Agreement]

KYIVSTAR GROUP LTD.

By: /s/ Kaan Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Seller Lock-Up Agreement]

VEON AMSTERDAM B.V.

By: /s/ Kaan Terzioglu

Name: Kaan Terzioglu

Title: Director

By: /s/ Maciej Wojtaszek

Name: Maciej Wojtaszek

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Seller Lock-Up Agreement]

Annex A

Notices

[***]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023455401ex99-1_cohen1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED MARCH 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

VEON Moves Forward with Kyivstars
Landmark Nasdaq Listing; Signs Definitive Business Combination Agreement with Cohen Circle

Kyivstar, Ukraines largest digital operator, serves 24 million customers with fixed and mobile communication services.

Expected to be the only U.S.-listed pure play Ukrainian investment opportunity.

Consumer digital service portfolio includes healthcare platform Helsi with more than 28 million registered patients and streaming
platform Kyivstar TV with 2 million monthly active users, while enterprise services include cloud, cybersecurity and AI solutions, and
the software development business Kyivstar Tech.

Strong growth potential, including expansion into digital services and international
partnerships such as Starlink direct-to-cell deployment.

Transaction assigns a pro-forma valuation of USD 2.21 billion
to Kyivstar at closing.

Kyiv,
New York, Dubai and Philadelphia, 18 March 2025: VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON), a global digital operator (VEON
or, together with its subsidiaries, the VEON Group), and Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I (Cohen
Circle), a special purpose acquisition company (Nasdaq: CCIRU), today announced the signing of a business combination
agreement (the BCA) that will result in the listing of JSC Kyivstar (Kyivstar), the leading digital
operator in Ukraine, on the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) in the United States.

Following the completion of the business combination
(the Business Combination), Kyivstar Group Ltd. (Kyivstar Group), the parent company of Kyivstar, will be
listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol KYIV.

VEON will own a minimum of 80% of the issued and
outstanding equity of Kyivstar Group immediately following the closing of the Business Combination, which is expected to occur in Q3 2025
and is subject to the approval of Cohen Circles shareholders and other customary closing conditions.

Additional information about the Business Combination,
including an investor presentation, will be available on a Report of Foreign Issuer on Form 6-K to be furnished by VEON with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and available at www.sec.gov. A copy of the
BCA and the investor presentation will be available on a Current
Report on Form 8-K to be filed by Cohen Circle with the SEC and available at www.sec.gov.

1

Management commentary

Kyivstars listing on Nasdaq will
be more than a financial milestoneit will mark a defining moment for Ukraines economic future. As one of Ukraines
largest private sector investors, VEON is proud to pioneer this historic step, offering U.S. and global investors a unique opportunity
to support and participate in Ukraines economic growth and resilience, said
Augie K Fabela II, Chairman and Founder of VEON.

As part of VEON, Kyivstar has a strong track
record of consistent performance, turning challenges into growth opportunities for Ukraine, for its customers, partners and team members.
Investing in Kyivstar now becomes more directly accessible to international investors as Kyivstar progresses towards becoming a Nasdaq-listed
company. We believe that Kyivstars strong financial profile, visionary strategy and robust governance structure, developed over
many years as a VEON Group company, will be appealing to international investors, said
Kaan Terzioglu, VEON Group CEO.

Through the war, the Kyivstar team has
succeeded in spearheading the resilience and rebuilding of Ukraines infrastructure while building the foundations of its
future success as a leading digital services company in Ukraine. The progress towards Kyivstars listing will allow us to
share this growth story with global investors. With our highly experienced and motivated team, we look forward to completing the
Business Combination with Cohen Circle to embark on the next phase of Kyivstars growth, said
Oleksandr Komarov, CEO of Kyivstar.

Kyivstar is an inspiring business and
a significant investment opportunity that stands to deliver growth for international investors as Ukraine moves into a rebuilding phase.
We look forward to our partnership with Kyivstars highly experienced management team to bring this investment opportunity to the
U.S. market, said Betsy Cohen, Chairman and CEO of Cohen Circle Acquisition
Corp. I.

Advisors

Rothschild & Co is acting as lead financial
advisor and capital markets advisor to VEON. BTIG, LLC is acting as capital markets advisor to VEON. Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is acting
as the capital markets advisor to Cohen Circle. Latham & Watkins LLP and Sayenko Kharenko are serving as counsel to VEON Group and Kyivstar. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
LLP and INTEGRITES are serving as counsel to Cohen Circle.

2

About Kyivstar

Kyivstar is Ukraines largest communications operator,
serving more than 23.0 million mobile subscribers and over 1.1 million home internet fixed line customers as of December 2024. The company
provides services across a wide range of mobile and fixed line technologies, including 4G, Big Data, cloud solutions, cybersecurity, digital
TV, and more. VEON, through Kyivstar, plans to invest USD 1 billion into the development of new telecom technologies in Ukraine over 2023-2027.
Kyivstar has been operating in Ukraine for 27 years and is recognized as the largest taxpayer in the communications sector, a top-rated
employer and a socially responsible company. For more information: www.kyivstar.ua

About VEON

VEON is a Nasdaq-listed digital operator that
provides converged connectivity and digital services to nearly 160 million customers. Operating across six countries that are home to
more than 7% of the worlds population, VEON is transforming lives through technology-driven services that empower individuals and
drive economic growth. For more information visit: www.veon.com

About Cohen Circle

Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I is a special
purpose acquisition company sponsored by investment firm Cohen Circle, LLC and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more technology and/or financial services
businesses. Cohen Circles units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols CCIRU,
CCIR and CCIRW, respectively.

No Offer or Solicitation

This press release shall not constitute a solicitation
of a proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Business Combination. This press release does
not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any
states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements
of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

THE DISSEMINATION, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION
OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS PROHIBITED IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT APPLICABLE LAW.

3

Additional Information and Where to Find It

In connection with the Business Combination, the
combined company will file a registration statement, of which a proxy statement/prospectus will form a part, with the SEC. The definitive
proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents will be sent or given to Cohen Circles shareholders as of a record date
to be established for voting at Cohen Circles shareholder meeting relating to the Business Combination. Cohen Circle and the combined
company may also file other documents regarding the Business Combination with the SEC. This press release does not contain all of the
information that should be considered concerning the Business Combination and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision
or any other decision in respect of the Business Combination. Cohen Circles shareholders and other interested persons are advised
to read, when available, the registration statement of the combined company and the proxy statement/prospectus which will form a part
thereof and any amendments thereto and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed in connection with the Business Combination,
as these materials will contain important information about Kyivstar, VEON, Cohen Circle, the combined company and the Business Combination.
The registration statement of the combined company and the proxy statement/prospectus which will form a part thereof and other documents
that are filed with the SEC, once available, may be obtained without charge at the SECs website at www.sec.gov
or by directing a written request to: Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I, 2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703, Philadelphia, PA 19104.

Participants in the Solicitation

Cohen Circle, Kyivstar, certain shareholders of
Cohen Circle, VEON and certain of Cohen Circles, Kyivstars and VEONs respective directors, executive officers and
other members of management and employees may, under SEC rules, be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders
of Cohen Circle with respect to the Business Combination. A list of the names of such persons and information regarding their interests
in the Business Combination will be contained in the registration statement of the combined company and the proxy statement/prospectus
which will form a part thereof, when available. Shareholders, potential investors and other interested persons should read the registration
statement of the combined company and the proxy statement/prospectus which will form a part thereof carefully when they become available
and before making any voting or investment decisions. Free copies of these documents may be obtained from the sources indicated above,
when available.

4

Financial Information Presented

Kyivstars results and other financial information
presented in this document are, unless otherwise stated, prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
and have not been externally reviewed and/or audited. The financial information included in this document is preliminary and is based
on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein
is based on internal management accounts, is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have
not yet been completed and has not been audited, reviewed or verified. Certain amounts and percentages that appear in this document have
been subject to rounding adjustments. As a result, certain numerical figures shown as totals, may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation
of the figures that precede or follow them. Although we believe the information to be reasonable, actual results may vary from the information
contained above and such variations could be material. As such, you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information
may not be indicative of the actual results for the current period or any future period.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking
statements, as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S.
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words anticipate,
believe, estimate, expect, forecast, future, intend,
may, opportunity, plan, project, should, strategy,
will, will be, will continue, will likely result, would and similar
expressions (including the negative versions of such words or expressions).

Forward-looking statements are predictions,
projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are
subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact
should be considered forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to, among other things, the
Business Combination, the expected timing of closing of the Business Combination, the expected impact of the Business Combination,
including Kyivstar Group the first U.S.-listed pure play Ukrainian investment opportunity, potential investor interest and the
percentage of VEONs ownership interest in the equity of Kyivstar Group following the closing of the Business Combination.
These statements are based on VEON, Cohen Circle and Kyivstar managements current expectations. These statements are neither
promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause
Kyivstars, Kyivstar Groups, VEONs or Cohen Circles actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in
this press release, including, but not limited to, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise
to the termination of the Business Combination (including as a result of a termination of the BCA and/or any related agreements
between the relevant parties); the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Cohen Circle, Kyivstar or VEON,
any of its subsidiaries or others following the announcement of the Business Combination; the inability to complete the Business
Combination due to the failure to obtain the necessary shareholder approvals or to satisfy other conditions to closing; changes to
the proposed structure of the Business Combination or the Business Combination contemplated thereunder that may be required or
appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations; the decision by the SEC to deem effective the Registration Statement; the
ability to meet the Nasdaq listing standards upon closing of the Business Combination and admission of Kyivstar Group for trading on
the Nasdaq; the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of VEON as a result of the announcement and
consummation of the Business Combination; the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may
be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of Kyivstar Group to grow, retain its management and key employees;
costs related to the Business Combination; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the escalation or de-escalation of war between
Russia and Ukraine and other risks and uncertainties expected to be set forth in the Registration Statement to be filed by Kyivstar
Group with the SEC. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which VEON, Kyivstar and
Cohen Cirlce cannot predict with accuracy and some of which neither VEON, Kyivstar nor Cohen Cirlce might not even anticipate. The
forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON, Kyivstar and Cohen
Cirlce do not undertake to publicly updateany forward- looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by U.S. federal securities laws.

5

No assurances can be made that the parties will
successfully close the Business Combination, or close the Business Combination on the timeframe currently contemplated. The Business Combination
is subject to the approval of Cohen Circles shareholders, the filing of the Registration Statement with and subsequent approval
by the SEC, as well as other regulatory approvals and customary conditions to closing.

Contact Information

VEON

Hande Asik

Group Director of Communication & Strategy

pr@veon.com

Faisal Ghori

Group Director of Investor Relations

ir@veon.com

Kyivstar

Media and Investor Contact:

Kyivstar@icrinc.com

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023455401ex99-2_cohen1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTOR PRESENTATION, DATED MARCH 18, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Investor Presentation The Leading Ukrainian Digital Operator March 2025

Disclaimer 2 This presentation (the Presentation) has been prepared by Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp . I ( Cohen, us or we) and is provided on a confidential basis solely to the recipients that are accredited investors (as defined in Rule 506 of Regulation D) (any such recipient, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Recipient) solely for their own benefit and internal use for purposes of considering an opportunity to participate in the proposed private placement (the Potential Transaction) in connection with the potential initial business combination (the Initial Business Combination) of Cohen with PJSC Kyivstar and its subsidiaries (the Target or the Company), a subsidiary of VEON Ltd . (VEON) . Any reproduction or distribution of this Presentation, in whole or in part, or the disclosure of its contents, without Cohens prior written consent, is prohibited . This disclaimer and the requirement for strict confidentiality shall apply without prejudice to any other confidentiality obligations to which you are subject . By accepting this Presentation, you hereby agree to be bound by and comply with the restrictions contained herein . By accepting and/or by reading this Presentation, the Recipient agrees and undertakes towards Cohen, the Company and VEON that it will not, and will cause its directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisors and consultants (the Representatives) not to disclose any type of information relating to Cohen the Company or VEON . By accepting this Presentation, the Recipient agrees to maintain this information in the strictest confidence and to protect and safeguard this Presentation against any unauthorized publication or disclosure . Although Cohen reasonably believes the information contained in this Presentation related to Cohen and the Company is accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Presentation or the date to which the information contained in this Presentation makes reference to, neither Cohen, the Company nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or advisers or any other person, makes any representation or warranty, either expressed or implied, as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information contained herein or any other written, oral or other communications transmitted or otherwise made available to the Recipient in the course of its evaluation of the Potential Transaction . Cohen, the Company and VEON further expressly disclaim any and all liability relating to or resulting from the use of this Presentation based on the accuracy or sufficiency thereof or on any errors, omissions or misstatements, negligent or otherwise, relating thereto . Accordingly, none of Cohen, the Company, VEON nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or advisers or any other person shall be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damages suffered or incurred by any Recipient as a result of relying on any statement in or omission from this Presentation, and the Recipient hereby expressly disclaims such liability . In addition, the information contained in this Presentation is provided as of the date hereof and may change, and neither Cohen, the Company nor VEON undertakes any obligation to update such information, including in the event that such information becomes inaccurate or incomplete . Except to the extent required by law, neither Cohen, the Company, VEON nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Presentation . Further, the information contained herein is preliminary, based on a range of assumptions, is provided for discussion purposes only, is only a summary of selected key information, is not complete, does not take into account all relevant economic and market factors, does not contain certain material information about the Potential Transaction, including risk factors associated with Cohen, the Company or the Potential Transaction, and is subject to change without notice . This Presentation is not intended to contain all the information that a person may desire in considering the Potential Transaction . Prior to entering into the Potential Transaction, a person should consult with its own advisors (including but not limited to legal, regulatory, tax, business, financial and accounting advisors) to the extent necessary, and make its own investment decision and perform its own independent investigation and analysis of the Potential Transaction . The Recipient should not consider any information in this Presentation to be legal, investment, business, tax or accounting advice or a recommendation . The Recipient agrees that none of Rothschild & Co . (Rothschild), Cohen, the Company, VEON or any of their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees, shareholders, advisors or agents shall have any liability for any misstatement or omission of fact or any opinion expressed herein . Any person consulting this Presentation should also carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of Cohens final prospectus dated October 11 , 2024 relating to its initial public offering, and subsequent periodic filings with the U . S . Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Form 10 - Q and Form 10 - K . Any actual terms of the opportunity may vary from what is discussed herein and may do so in a material manner . There can be no assurance, and neither Cohen, the Company nor VEON gives any assurance, that Cohen or the Company will achieve the desired results or that any investor will receive any return of or on capital . This Presentation shall neither constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction . This opportunity has not been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U . S . Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or by the securities regulatory authority of any state or of any other U . S . or non - U . S . jurisdiction, nor has the SEC or any such securities regulatory authority passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Presentation . Any representation to the contrary may be a criminal offense . This Presentation contains forward - looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws . Actual results may differ from their expectations, estimates and projections and consequently, you should not rely on those forward - looking statements as predictions of future events or future performance of Cohen, the Company or VEON . These forward - looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Cohen, the Company, VEON or their respective management teams conclusions, expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future and/or future events or circumstances . In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward - looking statements . The words addressing, anticipated, become, benefit, believe, creating, continues, covered, driven, enabling, estimated, expected, growing, implementing, improve, includes, increasing, intended, may, potential, projected, provide, remain, resulting, shown, support, will, and similar expressions may identify forward - looking statements, but the absence of these words or expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward - looking . Forward - looking statements in this Presentation may include, for illustrative and non - exhaustive purposes only, statements about : Cohens ability to engage in and complete the Initial Business Combination; Cohens expectations and estimates regarding the performance of the Company; Cohens expectations and estimates regarding the markets and market participants relevant to the Company; Cohens public securities potential liquidity and trading; Cohens financial performance following its initial public offering; The Companys projected future operational and financial performance, including anticipated benefits of the Initial Business Combination.

Disclaimer 3 Such forward - looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward - looking statements . Accordingly, any projections, modeling or analysis may differ materially and should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate or complete prediction of future results, events or circumstances . Further, the information contained in this Presentation may derive, either in whole or in part, from various internal and external sources . No representation or warranty is made as to the reasonableness of the assumptions made within or the accuracy or completeness of any projections, modeling or analysis or any other information contained in this Presentation . Any financial information in this Presentation (including specifically the projections) that are forward - looking statements are based on assumptions that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond Cohens, the Companys or VEONs control . The assumptions and estimates underlying the projected results are inherently uncertain and are subject to a wide variety of significant business, economic and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the projections . This presentation includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks, certain of which belong to us and others that are the property of other organizations . Solely for convenience, trademarks, tradenames and service marks referred to in this presentation appear without the , TM and SM symbols, but the absence of those symbols is not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks, tradenames and service marks to the fullest extent under applicable law . We do not intend our use or display of other parties trademarks, tradenames or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties . The financial information and data contained in this Presentation are based on draft accounts, do not conform to Regulation S - X and are subject to PCAOB audit . For example, information that is shown as 2024 P means preliminary financial information as of the year ended December 31 , 2024 , which remains subject to completion of a PCAOB audit . Accordingly, such information and data may not be included in, may be adjusted in or may be presented differently in the final registration statement to be filed with the SEC and the definitive proxy statement/prospectus contained therein in connection with the Initial Business Combination . This presentation includes certain financial and operating measures, including EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Underlying Adj . EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDA margin, CAPEX excl . licenses and ROU, and measures calculated based on these measures, that are not prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) or international financial reporting standards (IFRS) . These non - GAAP/non - IFRS measures, and other measures that are calculated using these non - GAAP/non - IFRS measures, are an addition, and not a substitute for or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP or IFRS and should not be considered as an alternative to operating income, net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP or IFRS . The Company believes these non - GAAP/non - IFRS measures of financial results provide useful information to management and potential investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to the Companys financial condition and results of operations . The Company believes that the use of these non - GAAP/non - IFRS financial measures provides an additional tool for potential investors to use in comparing the Companys financial condition and results of operations with other similar companies, many of which present similar non - GAAP/non - IFRS financial measures to investors . There are a number of limitations related to the use of these non - GAAP/non - IFRS financial measures and their nearest GAAP/IFRS equivalents . For example, VEONs definitions of non - GAAP/non - IFRS financial measures may differ from non - GAAP/non - IFRS financial measures used by other companies and therefore the non - GAAP/non - IFRS measures in this Presentation may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies . Cohen expresses current intentions only . The Presentation and the information contained in it do not constitute an offer capable of acceptance or intended to otherwise give rise to a binding contract . The Presentation and the information contained in it do not constitute a commitment of Cohen, the Company or VEON to engage in the Initial Business Combination or to underwrite or place any financing or securities in relation to the Initial Business Combination . Unless and until a definitive agreement is entered into regarding the Potential Transaction, Cohen will not be under any obligation whatsoever with respect to the Potential Transaction, including, without limitation, to negotiate terms of the Potential Transaction, except as specifically set forth herein . The information contained in this Presentation is based on present circumstances, economic and market conditions, assumptions, and beliefs . Neither Cohen, the Company nor VEON have any obligation to update this Presentation or correct any inaccuracies or omissions it discovers following the date of this Presentation .

4 Cohen Circle: Industry leading sponsors with an outstanding team N o te s : 1. Reflects Adjusted EBITDA plus addback of $47m management estimate of customer appreciation programs impact due to cyber attack 2. Return on units based on acquisition consideration paid by First Data of $15.00 per share of CCN common stock and $3.99 per CCN warrant (assumes warrants were issued within 30 days of acquisition closing), per tender offer statements filed by CCN and First Data with the SEC on June 7, 2020 3. Return based on IMXI common stock closing price as of February 28, 2025 4. Return based on PWP common stock closing price as of February 28, 2025 Select portfolio companies +90% return 2 From IPO to sale to First Data in July 2017 Source: Cohen Circle, FactSet +53% return 3 Since IPO $250M+ Upsized PIPE +131% return 4 Since IPO $300M Upsized PIPE Experienced team 50+ years experience as an operator and investor Led seven prior closed SPAC mergers Co - founded Bancorp (NASDAQ: TBBK) and served as CEO from 2000 to 2014 Founded and served as CEO of JeffBanks until it was sold to Hudson United Bancorp in December 1999 Betsy Cohen Chairman of the Board, CEO and President 20+ years experience as an operator and investor Founded asset manager Cohen & Company (NASDAQ:COHN) Co - founded Bancorp (NASDAQ: TBBK) and served as Chairman of the board of from 2000 - 2021 Summary 15+ years experience as an investor, operator, advisor and lawyer Held the General Counsel role at CardConnect until it was acquired by First Data in 2017 Served as a Partner at Ledgewood PC and was previously an Attorney at Morgan Lewis Daniel Cohen Co - Founder of Cohen Circle LLC (Sponsor) Amanda Abrams CEO of Sponsor Strong strategic partner Sponsor team brings deep expertise in technology enabled businesses Leader in the SPAC market SPAC pioneer reputed for unlocking value in attractive companies ready for the public market Experienced team Operational and financial expertise with an investor lens to complement Kyivstar Impressive track record Stellar reputation with institutions for selecting quality companies with consistent shareholder returns Transaction proposed at 3.6x EV/2024P Underlying Adj. EBITDA 1 , offering a significant discount to peers

5 Todays presenters Served as CEO of GroupM (large user acquisition marketing company) Forbes #1 CEO in Ukraine (2020) Oleksandr Komarov CEO (since 2018) Served as CEO of Beeline (Kazakhstan subsidiary of VEON) 20+ years with VEON group Held several senior finance roles at VEON group companies in over 10 markets Served as board member in the largest VEON group operating company for 5+ years Boris Dolgushin CFO (since 2019)

6 Invest in Kyivstar Invest in Ukraine Scarcity value Expected to be the only purely Ukrainian investment opportunity to be publicly listed in the U.S. 5 Leading digital operator, one of the most recognizable national brands 1 and proven leader in Ukraines digital infrastructure National Champion Proven leaders with a track record of resilience through war and robust governance World class team Highly profitable with multiple levers for growth Resilient financial profile with $515M Adj. EBITDA, 56% Adj. EBITDA margin and $294M Adj. EBITDA minus CAPEX 2 , poised for growth with Ukrainian recovery and digital services expansion 4 Significant financial and strategic flexibility $429 million Cash and cash equivalents with no external debt 3,4 Strong balance sheet 5 3 1 2 2 5 N o te s : 1. According to quarterly reputation tracking report prepared by marketing agency InMind 2. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin and Adjusted EBITDA minus CAPEX for 2024; CAPEX refers to CAPEX excl. licenses and ROU (refer to p.28 - 29 for reconciliation of non - IFRS measures) 3. $429m cash and cash equiv. at Kyivstar; defined as $674m Cash and cash equiv., as presented in the combined statements minus Cash and cash equiv. at banks and on hand at VEON Holdings, incl. cash of US$10m retained in accordance with the demerger proposal and an estimated amount of US$235m to cover the repayment of the 2025 Notes 4. No external debt at Kyivstar; VEON Holdings contains 2025 Notes expected to be settled before closing of the business combination as per demerger proposal 5. Upon the successful closing of the business combination

Kyivstar at a glance Leading market positions with ambitious expansion opportunities in digital 7 Telecom business Digital Leading Ukrainian mobile communication provider, offering voice, data and IoT 1 solutions Leading Ukrainian mobile communication provider, offering voice, data and IoT 1 solutions A leading provider of high - speed internet and reliable voice communication 2 A leading provider of high - speed internet and reliable voice communication 2 One of Ukraines leading digital TV platforms 2 One of Ukraines leading digital TV platforms 2 Ukraine's largest digital health provider 5 Ukraine's largest digital health provider 5 Growing B2B and B2C big data & cloud solutions Growing B2B and B2C big data & cloud solutions Big data & cloud Big data & cloud Mobile Mobile Fixed Broadband Fixed Broadband Kyivstar TV Kyivstar TV #1 mobile operator in Ukraine 2 with 23.0m subscribers #1 broadband provider in Ukraine 2 with 1.1m subscribers 48% estimated market share by number of subscribers 3 48% 14% estimated market share by number of subscribers in fragmented market 4 14% 2 m mobile & fixed users 28 m + registered patients Cloud : 500+ B2B clients Adwisor (adtech platform): ~2k clients Source: VEON, Kyivstar N o te s : 1. IoT Internet of Things 2. In Ukraine, based on number of subscribers as of December 31, 2024 3. Market share for 9m 2024 (average across Q1 - Q3 2024) based on number of subscribers across Ukrainian Mobile Network Operators (mobile segment); Kyivstar estimates based on public information 4. Market share for 9m 2024 (average across Q1 - Q3 2024); Kyivstar estimates based on public information 5. Based on number of individuals with files registered in the app; Kyivstars equity stake in Helsi comprises approximately 70%

Why do we win? Technological leadership and complementary product offerings reinforce Kyivstars market leadership 2024 : Agreement with Starlink to introduce ground - breaking direct - to - cell satellite connectivity in Ukraine Continued focus and investment in network quality KPI 2024 Kyivstar recent network initiatives Complementary portfolio of B2B and B2C products and services Mobile (domestic, roaming, data) Fixed broadband + Superpowers (Kyivstar TV, voice/data, roaming, social media, VOD offerings) 2 + High value offerings to our subscribers across a variety of bundles 1 2 2024 : Spectrum frequencies acquisition (2x5 MHz in 2100 MHz and 40 MHz in 2300 MHz band) at auction Source: VEON, Kyivstar N o te s : 1. PoPs Points of presence (unique physical location where RAN network equipment placed) 2. Services Kyivstar subscribers can select free of charge based on their paid plans LTE population coverage # mobile PoPs 1 # fixed line subscribers 96% 15.5k 1.1m 8 STARLINK STARLINK

2.1 3.1 3.5 4.1 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 75 85 95 107 121 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Consistent growth in monthly ARPU 1 Driven by multiplay penetration 2 and superior service quality 9 8% 13% 15% 18% 29% 6.1 Multiplay as a % of total users 2 Monthly ARPU (period - avg), UAH Source: VEON, Kyivstar N o te s : 1. ARPU Average revenue per user 2. Multiplay as a % of total active Kyivstar one - month subscriber base in December of respective year (unique active subscribers over one - month period) 3. Translated to US$ based on period - average official USD/UAH FX rate: 2020 26.96; 2021 27.29; 2022 32.34; 2023 36.57; 2024 40.16 Multiplay users have Voice + 4G data >100 Mb + at least one app (Helsi, Kyivstar TV, My Kyivstar) US$ 3 Total multiplay users (monthly active users, eop), m +60% +8% 2.9 3.0 2.8 3.1 2.9

Source: GSMA, IMF N o te s : 1. Estimated as average of Q1 - Q3 2024 monthly ARPU across all MNOs in selected countries as per GSMA (in US$) 2. 2024 International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimate, per IMF October 2024 WEO database 3. Represents Kyivstar - identified potential opportunity for Kyivstar ARPU to catch up with European average monthly ARPU alongside growth in the Ukrainian economy and mobile market 14.8 13.9 13.2 12.6 12.0 12.0 11.0 10.9 10.6 10.1 8.8 6.0 3.2 3.0 Slovenia Hungary Croatia Latvia Estonia Czechia Bulgaria Lithuania Poland Romania Moldova Ukraine Axis Title Slovakia Axis Title Serbia 3% 5% 3% 3% 5% 5% 2021 2023 2025F 2026F 2027F 2024F Axis Tit e with substantial growth potential on the back of Ukraines economic recovery 10 Monthly ARPU benchmarking (9m 2024) Central and Eastern European countries vs. Kyivstar 1 10.7 Average (excl. Ukraine) 3.6x 3 Ukraines Real GDP growth (y - o - y) 2 , % (29%) 2022 5.5 33.4 GDP per capita, US$k 2 Population, m people 2 US$

11 Source: State Statistics Committee, NCEC official reports N o te s : 1. After acquisition of Volia by Lifecell official reports 2. A median among top 15 players in the market by B2C subscribers (for 9m 2024); based on Kyivstar estimates on the basis of NCEC 5. 3. The four previously largest players acquired comprise of Data Group, Volia, Vega, and Freenet 4. Average across Q1 - Q3 2024 As of December 2024 6. Fixed Mobile Convergence refers to users who are mobile and fixed broadband subscribers Estimated market share by number of subscribers (9m 2024) 4 , % 1.1 m broadband customers (85% Fixed Mobile Convergence)6 Kyivstar key highlights 5 25% of our customers are also Digital TV users First fiber - to - the - home acquisition completed by Kyivstar in 2024 43.5k broadband - connected buildings (Dec 2024) The Ukrainian fixed broadband market is very fragmented, with the majority captured by smaller players Leadership in Fixed Broadband segment Leading market share with significant consolidation potential Ukrainian fixed broadband market Kyivstar fixed broadband segment highlights (m) ~3k broadband providers in total, with the top three players (Kyivstar, Ukrtelecom and Lifecell 1 ) controlling only ~25% of total subscribers as of Q3 2024 B2C monthly median ARPU ~US$4 2 Market consolidation opportunity (four of the largest providers have been acquired since 2021) 3 Ukrtelecom is an incumbent operator with a mostly legacy network 14.0% 5.6% 5.0% 75.4% #1 Kyivstar #2 Ukrtelecom #3 Volia Other providers

Leveraging our loyal subscriber base with digital products and services 12 Strong growth with low customer acquisition costs Big Data & AdTech platform 2.0 m mobile & fixed users 6.2 m app MAU 1 0.1 m B2B end users (licenses) 0.9 m apps MAU 1 Real - time kinematic 2 , Cybersecurity, IoT platform, Digital marketplace 2.4 m app + web MAU 1 ~70 m SMS per month sent through ADWISOR platform 2. Services provided by Kyivstar for selected industries based on high precision navigation Areas of future strategic interests and identified potential market opportunity Source: VEON, Kyivstar, management estimates Notes: 1. MAU Monthly active users

19.7 20.7 2023 2024 33.5 2023 2024 13 Financial performance overview Kyivstar Groups financials show resilient performance N o te s : 1. Translated to US$ at period - avg UAH/US$ NBU FX rates: 36.59 (2023), 40.16 (2024) 2. Translated to US$ at period - end UAH/US$ NBU FX rates: 42.04 (2024) 3. ROU rights of use; refer to p.29 for reconciliation 4. CAPEX refers to CAPEX excl. licenses and ROU; refer to p.29 for reconciliation 5. Defined as Adjusted EBITDA minus CAPEX (refer to p.28 for reconciliation) 6. $429m cash and cash equiv. at Kyivstar; defined as $674m Cash and cash equiv., as per combined statements minus Cash and cash equiv. at banks and on hand at VEON Holdings, incl. cash of US$10m retained in accordance with the demerger proposal and US$235m to cover the repayment of the 2025 Notes UAH 18.0bn / US$ 429m UAH 11.8bn / US$ 294m UAH 8.9bn / US$ 221m 515 538 US$m 1 Double - digit growth in revenue (local currency), driven by increasing multiplay penetration and pricing growth Strong profitability despite continued investment into digital services and increased electricity costs Both 2023 and 2024 impacted by Kyivstars customer appreciation program in response to a December 2023 cybersecurity attack Kyivstar rolled out a two - month customer appreciation program to affected subscribers, resulting in estimated negative impact of: 2023 revenue / Adj. EBITDA UAH 0.8bn ($23m) / UAH 0.9bn ($24m) 2024P revenue / Adj. EBITDA UAH 1.7bn ($46m) / UAH 1.8bn ($47m) 919 36.9 915 2024P Adj. EBITDA CAPEX, UAH bn 1,4 2024P CAPEX excl. licenses and ROU, UAH bn 1,3 2024P Cash & Cash Equivalents 2,5 Revenue (UAH bn) Adj. EBITDA (UAH bn) Commentary

Growth strategy and management priorities 14 Kyivstars medium - term growth strategy focuses on deepening mobile market leadership and expansion of digital services Telecom business Digital Serve as a key player in restoring and developing digital ecosystem in Ukraine Target significant organic growth in digital revenues, complemented by acquisitions Grow digital offerings organically and through adjacent acquisitions, by focusing on increasing multiplay penetration Leverage our loyal customer base to develop and launch, new and existing digital products Fixed broadband market share growth via organic expansion and acquisitions Consistent growth in ARPU continuing price leadership in the market Maintain paying subscriber base and grow share of multiplay users Sustain mobile market leadership and large market share 

15 Invest in Kyivstar Invest in Ukraine Kyivstar is a major social sponsor, investor and top - rated employer in Ukraine 1 Kyivstar committed to invest US$ 1bn in Ukraine from 2023 - 2027 1 Roaming and Interconnect Development of roaming and international interconnect businesses generating cash in hard currency M&A pipeline Driving digital revenue ramp - up via acquisitions and build - out of ecosystem around Kyivstar Spectrum frequencies Participation in spectrum auctions with an aim to provide better service Core business Network development, resilience, technological leadership, digitalization, and development of existing business lines Multiple initiatives to improve quality of life in Ukraine 2 Support State & Society Employee Support Support for Business N o te s : 1. According to quarterly reputation tracking report prepared by marketing agency InMind, Forbes

The impact of the war and our response Key war related factors reflected in the performance Key highlights, mitigation measures N o te s : 1. Translated to US$ at period - avg UAH/US$ NBU FX rates: 40.16 (2024) 2. 2024F stands for 2024 forecast 16 3. Actual GDP growth for 2023 and the International Monetary Fund forecast for 2024 (per IMF October 2024 WEO database) 4. State Statistics Service Of Ukraine, National Bank of Ukraine Introduced Roaming Like at Home to 1.2m users to retain subscribers abroad (1.4m total active subs abroad at present) Significant subscriber migration abroad loss of 3.1m subscribers as of December 2024 vs. February 2022 More robust and resilient network and gameplan in place to deal with any future disruptions (such as destruction of network equipment) Investments into infrastructure reconstruction and pre - emptive network resistance: ~UAH 1.1bn / US$ 27m in 2024 1 Electricity is one of the key cost items for Kyivstar and the impact of the recent increase in electricity prices has already been reflected in margins Electricity prices / tariffs surging by ~78%, from ~4.5 UAH/kWh in Feb 22 to ~8.0 UAH/kWh in Dec 24, based on the market pricing Although reliant on external support, the economy recently stabilized : Real GDP growth by 5.3% in 2023 and 3.0% in 2024F 2 (y - o - y) 3 Consumer inflation at 13.4% in February 2025 (y - o - y) 4 is expected to decline in 2025 - 26 to more normalized levels Worsened macro landscape with UAH devaluation and inflation peaking Proven ability to stabilize connectivity across Ukraine within very limited timeframe as well as enhanced cybersecurity protection following 2023 attack Widespread external cyberattack resulting in temporary full disruption of Kyivstar network and services across entire country

Highly experienced and well - motivated team in - place across all verticals 17 Total FTEs, eop Employee engagement, % 3 Source: Kyivstar, Survey commissioned by a Big - 4 consulting firm N o te s : 1. Number of employees who resigned voluntarily relative to total number of employees 2. Incl. 36 employees of LanTrace acquired by Kyivstar in 4Q 2024 3. Based on annual HR survey conducted by a Big Four consulting firm Voluntary churn rate 1 , % 9% 7% 7% 3,774 3,458 3,224 3,336 3,774 3,623 3,927 2021 564 2 238 2024 162 2022 Helsi Kyivstar Tech 472 231 2023 Kyivstar 7% 4,138 2 All key employees excluded from the mobilization Majority of employees are in Ukraine (95%) 2024 engagement at 86% 3 , higher than pre - war (80% in 2020) 80% 86% 2020 2024

As a subsidiary of Nasdaq - listed VEON, Kyivstar has operated with strong governance 18 Current Kyivstar Supervisory Board Robust governance practices driven by VEON Kaan Terzioglu Dmytro Shymkiv Chairman of Kyivstar Board CEO of VEON Board member Office of the President of Ukraine Former Deputy Chief of Staff and former CEO of Microsoft Ukraine Former CEO of Turkcell Mike Pompeo Gennady Gazin Board member Board member Former Senior Partner McKinsey & Company Former United States Secretary of State VEON has been U.S. listed since 1996 Established compliance, internal audit, and business assurance functions Implemented ethics and compliance policies, controls, assurance, and risk management framework (GRC) VEON maintains strong internal controls and a risk management framework consistent with Sarbanes - Oxley Act standards, assessed annually by management, which it has historically applied to Kyivstar

Kyivstar investment highlights World class team: Proven leaders with a track record of resilience through war and robust governance Robust financial profile: We believe we are poised for growth with Ukrainian recovery and digital services expansion Strong balance sheet: significant financial and strategic flexibility Scarcity value: Expected to be the only purely Ukrainian investment opportunity to be publicly listed in the U.S. 1 National advocate: One of the most recognizable brands and a proven long - term leader in Ukraine's vital infrastructure 19 N o te : 1. Upon the successful closing of the business combination; FactSet (as of March 2025)

3.6x 5.1x 5.4x 4.8x 6.3x 6.4x ~2.8x 4.7x 4.7x 8.0x 7.7x 4.8x 4.9x 8.0x 7.6x 3.9x 3.8x 9.3x 8.9x 8.6x 8.1x 7.8x 7.3x 4.3x 5.9x 6.2x 6.8x 6.4x 5.4x 5.1x Attractive valuation relative to peers 20 2024 - 2025 EV / EBITDA 1 Sources: FactSet (as of 14 March 2025) calendarised to Dec YE, Equity analyst research notes Notes: Europe peers include BT, Deutsche Telekom, KPN, Orange, OTE, Proximus, Swisscom, Telecom Italia, Telefonica, Telenor, Telia, Elisa, Tele2, Vodafone, Orange Belgium, Sunrise, Orange Polska, Magyar Telekom; APAC peers include NTT, Spark NZ, SingTel, Telstra, KDDI, Softbank KK, TPG, KT Corp, Telkom Indonesia, CelcomDigi, AIS, Indosat, Axiata, LG Uplus, Maxis, SK Telecom, True, XL Axiata, Grameenphone; Emerging / MEA peers include Airtel Africa, MTN, Safaricom, Vodacom, Omantel, Zain, Mobily, STC, Etisalat, Ooredoo, Zain KSA, Du, Telkom SA; Global peers include all of the above. 1. EBITDA definition for comparable companies may not be directly comparable to Kyivstar definition; EV / 2024P Underlying Adj. EBITDA for Kyivstar; Multiple based on EV / 2024P Adj. EBITDA plus addback of $47m management estimate of customer appreciation programs impact due to cyber attack 2. 2024 EBITDA margins above 35% 3. Defined as peers with > 75% of their total revenue deriving from a single country 4. By subscriber market share 5. Calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by Total operating revenues; please refer to p.29 for reconciliation 1 Ukraine Global Europe APAC peers peers peers MEA peers Kenya Ukraine GB EBITDA margin 24 37.3% 40.2% 46.7% 48.0% 38.2% 37.6% 35.7% 50.3% 45.7% 53.0% 47.6% 38.0% 36.8% 37.3% Average of peer group multiples NL Greece Hungary ANZ Indonesia Malaysia Thailand Thailand Multiples of EMEA / APAC single country peers 2, 3 with leading market positions 4 Median: 6.6x Median: 6.1x 2024 EV/ EBITDA 2025 EV/ EBITDA 56.0% 5

Pro forma valuation Transaction overview Valuation, ownership and sources & uses 21 N o te s : 1. Includes 4.3 million sponsor promote shares and 0.7 million private placement shares. Sponsor promote shares exclude 0.7 million shares which vest if stock price exceeds $15 within 2 years of closing and 0.7 million shares which vest if stock price exceeds $20 within 5 years of closing 2. Assumes share price of $10.35 and no redemptions. Excludes shares underlying 7.7 million warrants with $11.50 exercise price 3. Assumes no redemptions. Subject to change based on actual redemptions 4. Assumes $560 million cash and cash equivalents at closing, subject to adjustment via Net Cash Adjustment in business combination agreement, $10 million of cash at VEON Holdings, $294 million of lease liabilities per IFRS - 16, $40 million outstanding balance on VEON loan note. Excludes debt of VEON Holdings expected to be repaid prior to closing 5. Multiple based on Underlying Adj. EBITDA defined as $515 million Adj. EBITDA plus addback of $47m management estimate of customer appreciation programs impact due to cyber attack 6. Represents repayment of VEON loan note Sources & uses Value ($m) Shares (m) Shareholders 2 $1,972m 190.5m VEON $238m 23.0m Public shareholders 3 $52m 5.0m Sponsor 1 $2,262m 218.6m Total 3.6x ratio EV / 2024P Underlying Adj. EBITDA 5 $2,026m $m Enterprise value (post - IFRS) 1,4 ($236m) $m Adj. Net debt (cash) 4 $2,262m $m Total equity value 10.35 $/share Estimated trust value at closing 218.6m m Pro forma shares outstanding 2 VEON 87.2% Pro - forma ownership at closing Sponsor 1 2.3% Public shareholders 3 10.5% ($m) Uses ($m) Sources $1,972m VEON rollover equity $1,972m VEON rollover equity $198m Secondary proceeds to VEON 6 $238m Cash (in trust & any financing) $40m VEON loan note $40m VEON loan note $40m Estimated transaction fees $2,250m Total uses $2,250m Total sources

22 Appendix

23 Combined income statement For the year ended December 31 2023 2024P (In millions of U.S. dollars) 911 915 Service revenues 4 4 Other revenues 915 919 Total operating revenues 1 1 Other operating income (94) (100) Service costs (284) (305) Selling, general and administrative expenses (127) (118) Depreciation (49) (45) Amortization (1) (3) Impairment, net 2 (1) (Loss) / gain on disposal of non - current assets 363 348 Operating profit (82) (82) Finance costs 35 40 Finance income (8) 1 Other non - operating gain / (loss), net 38 40 Net foreign exchange gain 346 347 Profit before tax (65) (64) Income taxes 281 283 Profit for the period

24 Combined statement of financial position (1/2) as of December 31 2023 2024P (In millions of U.S. dollars) Assets Non - current assets 597 624 Property and equipment 272 297 Intangible assets 343 - Loan receivable from VEON Amsterdam - 115 Investments and derivatives 67 80 Other assets 1,279 1,116 Total non - current assets Current assets 4 3 Inventories 55 40 Trade and other receivables - 16 Receivable from VEON Ltd. 207 113 Investments and derivatives 13 26 Other assets - 363 Loan receivable from VEON Amsterdam 425 674 Cash and cash equivalents 704 1,235 Total current assets 1,983 2,351 Total assets

25 Combined statement of financial position (2/2) as of December 31 2023 2024P (In millions of U.S. dollars) Net investment and liabilities Net investment 887 1,222 Net investment attributable to equity owners of the parent 887 1,222 Total net investment Non - current liabilities 815 225 Debt and derivatives 3 4 Provisions 5 6 Deferred tax liabilities 8 7 Other liabilities 831 242 Total non - current liabilities Current liabilities 120 132 Trade and other payables 83 669 Debt and derivatives 5 6 Provisions 16 23 Current income tax payables 41 57 Other liabilities 265 887 Total current liabilities 1,983 2,351 Total net investment and liabilities

26 Combined statement of cash flows (1/2) For the year ended December 31 2023 2024P (In millions of U.S. dollars) Operating activities 346 347 Profit before tax Non - cash adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows 177 168 Depreciation, amortization and impairment loss (2) (1) (Loss) / gain on disposal of non - current assets 82 82 Finance costs (35) (40) Finance income 8 (1) Other non - operating gain / (loss), net (38) (40) Net foreign exchange gain 28 (10) Changes in trade and other receivables and prepayments (2) Changes in inventories (33) 32 Changes in trade and other payables 3 4 Changes in provisions, pensions and other (75) (78) Interest paid 16 19 Interest received (62) (52) Income tax paid 413 430 Net cash flows from operating activities

27 Combined statement of cash flows (2/2) For the year ended December 31 2023 2024P (In millions of U.S. dollars) Investing activities (96) (162) Purchase of property, plant and equipment (47) (86) Purchase of intangible assets (52) (13) Payments on deposits 13 (2) (Outflows) / Inflows on loans granted (150) 119 Inflow / (Investment) in financial assets 5 12 Other proceeds from investing activities, net (327) (132) Net cash flows used in investing activities Financing activities (88) (29) Repayment of debt (8) Investment in shares (88) (37) Net cash flows used in financing activities (2) 261 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (5) (12) Net foreign exchange difference 432 425 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 425 674 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

Reconciliation of non - IFRS / non - GAAP financial metrics (1/2) 28 2023 2024P Profit to Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation 281 283 Profit for the period 65 64 Income taxes 346 347 Profit before tax 127 118 Depreciation 49 45 Amortization 1 3 Impairment reversal (2) 1 (Loss) / gain on disposal of non - current assets 82 82 Finance costs (35) (40) Finance income 8 (1) Other non - operating gain / (loss), net (38) (40) Net foreign exchange gain 538 515 Adjusted EBITDA

Reconciliation of non - IFRS / non - GAAP financial metrics (2/2) 29 N o te s : 1. Right - of - use 2023 2024P Adjusted EBITDA margin reconciliation 915 919 Total operating revenues 281 283 Profit for the period 31% 31% Profit margin 538 515 Adjusted EBITDA 59% 56% Adjusted EBITDA margin 2023 2024P CAPEX excl. licenses and ROU 1 reconciliation 207 237 Property, plant and equipment 50 94 Intangible assets 0 (35) Additions in licences (102) (75) Right - of - use assets 155 221 CAPEX excl. licenses and ROU

Additional financial information 30 N o te s : 1. 2025 Notes at VEON Holdings and accrued interest on 2025 Notes that are expected to be repaid before closing of the business combination 2. Estimated cash amount to be spent on the repayment of 2025 Notes (incl. accrued interest) 2023 2024P Debt 597 585 1 Bonds 5 6 1 Interest accrued on Bonds 4 - Loans received from subsidiaries of the Parent 281 294 Lease liabilities 887 885 Total Debt at amortized cost 2023 2024P Cash and cash equivalents 425 674 Cash and cash equivalents, as presented in the combined statement, of which (10) (10) Cash at VEON Holdings retained in accordance with the demerger proposal (272) (235) 2 Cash at VEON Holdings to repay 2025 Notes 143 429 Cash and cash equivalents at Kyivstar 2023 2024P Lease expense reconciliation 52 45 Depreciation charge for the year 74 82 Total cash outflows for leases

Risks related to the business and industry of Kyivstar (1/3) 31 Risks Related to the War in Ukraine Our network infrastructure, equipment, systems and other assets are subject to disruption, damage and failure as a result of the war. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, disruptions to our operations as a result of the war. We may incur substantial additional operating costs arising from the war. We may face the risk of nationalization or confiscation of our operations and assets. Our independent auditors have included a going concern emphasis paragraph in their opinion as a result of the effects of the ongoing war in Ukraine. We have suffered reputational harm as a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine. We have seen and may continue to see changes in customer demand due to migration and population shifts. Risks Related to our Market We operate in a highly competitive market, and as a result may have difficulty expanding our customer base or retaining existing customers. Investing in frontier markets, where our operations are located, is subject to greater risks than investing in more developed markets, including significant political, legal and economic risks. We may be unable to keep pace with technological changes and evolving industry standards, which could harm our competitive position and, in turn, materially harm our business. We may be unable to secure the spectrum or licenses required to remain competitive, and high acquisition and deployment costs for 5G may adversely affect our ability to provide or maintain high quality services and increase our operating expenses. The telecommunications industry is highly capital intensive and requires substantial and ongoing expenditures of capital. There are alleged health risks and zoning limitations related to our base transceiver stations which may adversely affect our ability to provide services at certain areas Risks Related to Liquidity and Capital We may not be able to raise additional capital, or we may only be able to raise additional capital at significantly increased costs. Our indebtedness and debt service obligations could decrease our cash flow, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Risks related to the business and industry of Kyivstar (2/3) 32 Risks Related to our Operations The international economic environment, inflationary pressures, geopolitical developments and unexpected global events could cause our business to decline. We have experienced and are continually exposed to cyber - attacks, including the 2023 cyber - attack, both to our own operations or those of our third - party providers, that may lead to compromised or inaccessible telecommunications, digital services and/or leaks or unauthorized processing of confidential information, and perceptions of such threats may cause customers to lose confidence in our services. From time to time, we recognize impairment charges, some of which can be substantial. Our equipment and systems are subject to disruption and failure for various reasons, including as a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine, which could cause us to lose customers, limit our growth, violate our licenses or reduce the confidence of our customers in our ability to securely hold their personal data. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange loss, fluctuation and translation risks, including as a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine. Our revenue performance can be unpredictable by nature, as a large majority of our customers have not entered into long - term fixed contracts with us. Our strategic partnerships and relationships carry inherent business risks. We may be unable to contract with suppliers of telecommunications equipment as a result of sanctions or other similar restrictions on their ability to provide services to businesses operating in Ukraine. We depend on our senior management, board of directors, and highly skilled personnel, and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or implement our strategic goals or corporate culture through our personnel, we may not be able to maintain our competitive position or to implement our business strategy. Our core growth strategies of expanding our digital offerings and investing in 4G connectivity in our markets may not be successful. The success of our businesses is driven by our ability to implement strategic initiatives and integrate acquired businesses; if they are not successfully implemented, the growth and other benefits we expect to achieve may not be realized. We depend on third parties for certain services and equipment, infrastructure and other products important to our business. Our ability to profitably provide telecommunications services depends in part on the terms of our interconnection agreements and access to third - party owned infrastructure and networks, over which we have no direct control. The loss of important intellectual property rights, as well as third - party claims that we have infringed on their intellectual property rights, could significantly harm our business. Our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material we incur.

Risks related to the business and industry of Kyivstar (3/3) 33 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters The telecommunications industry is a highly regulated industry, and we are subject to an extensive variety of laws and operate in an uncertain judicial and regulatory environment, which may result in unanticipated outcomes that could harm our business. Violations of and changes to applicable sanctions and embargo laws, including export control restrictions, may harm our business. We could be subject to tax claims and repeated tax audits that could harm our business. Changes in tax treaties, laws, rules or interpretations, including our determination of the recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets, could harm our business, and the unpredictable tax systems and our performance may give rise to significant uncertainties and risks that could complicate our tax and business decisions. The changes in regulatory requirements in banking and other financial systems and currency control requirements in certain countries restrict our activities, including in relation to the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. Laws restricting foreign investment could materially harm our business. New or proposed changes to laws or new interpretations of existing laws may harm our business. We may not be able to detect and prevent fraud or other misconduct by our employees, joint venture partners, non - controlled subsidiaries, representatives, agents, suppliers, customers or other third parties. We are subject to anti - corruption laws. We collect and process sensitive personal data and are therefore subject to evolving data privacy laws and heightened regulatory obligations that may require us to incur substantial costs and implement certain changes to our business practices that may adversely affect our results of operations. We are, and may in the future be, involved in, associated with, or otherwise subject to legal liability in connection with disputes and litigation with regulators, competitors and third parties, which when concluded, could harm our business. Our licenses are granted for specific periods and may be suspended, revoked or we may be unable to extend or replace these licenses upon expiration and we may be fined or penalized for alleged violations of law, regulations or license terms. It may not be possible for us to procure in a timely manner, or at all, the permissions and registrations required for our base stations. General Risk Factors Related to Kyivstar Our business may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters, including mobilization. Adoption of new accounting standards and regulatory reviews could affect reported results and financial position.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex99-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex99-2_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-2_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-2_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-2_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-2_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-2_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-2_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex99-2_011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex99-2_012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex99-2_013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex99-2_014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex99-2_015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex99-2_016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex99-2_017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex99-2_018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex99-2_019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex99-2_020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex99-2_021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex99-2_022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex99-2_023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex99-2_024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex99-2_025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex99-2_026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex99-2_027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex99-2_028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex99-2_029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex99-2_030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex99-2_031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex99-2_032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex99-2_033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>cciru-20250318_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>cciru-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>cciru-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>cciru-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 18, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42369

Entity Registrant Name Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I

Entity Central Index Key 0001894176

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1634072

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 2929 Arch Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite #1703

Entity Address, City or Town Philadelphia

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19104

City Area Code 215

Local Phone Number 701-9555

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol CCIRU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CCIR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol CCIRW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CCIRU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CCIRU_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CCIRU_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cohencircle.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cciru-20250318.xsd 
cciru-20250318_def.xml 
cciru-20250318_lab.xml 
cciru-20250318_pre.xml 
ea0234554-8k425_cohen1.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-024774-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>ea0234554-8k425_cohen1_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001894176 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001894176 

CCIRU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOnethirdOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001894176 

CCIRU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

0001894176 

CCIRU:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneClassOrdinaryShareAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001894176 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
Cohen Circle Acquisition Corp. I 
E9 
001-42369 
98-1634072 
2929 Arch Street 
Suite #1703 
Philadelphia 
PA 
19104 
215 
701-9555 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant 
CCIRU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
CCIR 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
CCIRW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>