<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-006760.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-006760.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310083012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-006760
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567900
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				453598066
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41051
		FILM NUMBER:		25722271

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1485
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-726-9203

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1485
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMSA BALLINGER ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130125
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>blkbx20250307_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?blkbx20250307_8k.htm

false000156790000015679002025-03-102025-03-10

--12-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 10, 2025

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 

0-55108 

45-3598066

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File No.) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas75240

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (972) 726-9203

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

BLBX 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Agreement and Plan of Merger

On March 10, 2025, Blackboxstocks Inc., Nevada corporation (the Company) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with RABLBX Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Merger Sub) and REalloys Inc., a Nevada corporation (REalloys). Upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions described in the Merger Agreement, REalloys will merge with and into Merger Sub, Merger Sub will cease to exist and REalloys will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger). At the closing of the Merger (the Closing), the holders of capital stock and outstanding instruments convertible into or exercisable for capital stock of REalloys will receive shares of common and preferred stock of the Company, $0.001 par value, based on an exchange ratio formula in the Merger Agreement (the Exchange Ratio) or as otherwise agreed to in the Merger Agreement, which is subject to adjustment in the event the parties raise capital in excess of certain thresholds. Immediately following Closing, based upon the Exchange Ratio, pre-Closing stockholders of the Company are expected to collectively retain approximately 7.3% of the post-Close aggregate common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 (the Company Common Stock) and holders of REalloys capital stock and instruments convertible into or exercisable for capital stock of the REalloys will receive as merger consideration newly issued shares of Company Common Stock representing approximately 92.7% of the post-Close aggregate as common and preferred stock of the Company.

The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company, Merger Sub and the REalloys, including, among others, (i) covenants requiring each of the Company and REalloys to conduct its business in the ordinary course during the period between the execution of the Merger Agreement and the Closing or earlier termination of the Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, (ii) a covenant prohibiting the Company from engaging in certain kinds of transactions during such period (without the prior written consent of the REalloys), and (iii) a covenant restricting Company and REalloys from activities relating to the soliciting, initiating, encouraging, inducing or facilitating the communication, making, submission or announcement of any alternative acquisition proposals or inquiries.

The Merger Agreement also requires the Company, in cooperation with the REalloys, to prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a registration statement on Form S-4 that will contain a proxy statement relating to a Company stockholder meeting to be held in connection with the Merger (the Registration Statement) pursuant to which shares of Company Common Stock will be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), to be issued by virtue of the Merger and the contemplated transactions thereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause the Registration Statement to comply with applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, (ii) cause the Registration Statement to become effective as promptly as practicable, and (iii) respond promptly to any comments or requests of the SEC or its staff related to the Registration Statement. In addition, under the Merger Agreement, the parties agreed to other customary provisions including (i) obtaining requisite stockholder approval to consummate the Merger and the contemplated transactions thereunder, (ii) obtaining regulatory approvals from relevant governmental authorities, (iii) indemnifying the directors and officers of the Company for a period of six years following the Closing, (iv) completing certain disclosure obligations required by the SEC and listing requirements promulgated by the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq), (v) electing or appointing to the positions of officers and directors of Company and the surviving corporation certain persons designated by REalloys, (vi) executing employment agreements between the Company and Lipi Sternheim and David Argyle, (vii) Company adopting a new stock incentive plan reserving not more than 15% of the fully-diluted, outstanding interest of the Company immediately following the Merger for issuance, and (viii) allocating funds received by Company pursuant to sales, issuances, grants or other dispositions of Company Common Stock, during the period between the Merger Agreement and Closing, under that certain Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284626) filed with the SEC on January 31, 2025 which became effective on February 10, 2025.

Closing of the Merger is subject to various customary closing conditions. Each partys obligations to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate the contemplated transactions thereunder are conditioned upon (i) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-4, (ii) expiration or termination of applicable regulatory waiting periods, (iii) no restraints from any governmental authority preventing the consummation of the contemplated transactions under the Merger Agreement, (iv) the Company and REalloys obtaining their respective requisite stockholder votes to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (v) Nasdaqs approval of the Companys Nasdaq listing application for the post-Merger entity, (vi) execution of Lock-Up Agreements (as further described below), (vii) execution of a Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Gust Kepler and Lipi Sternheim whereby Gust Kepler shall agree to sell 1,634,999 shares of Company Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Lipi Sternheim contingent upon and effective concurrently with Closing, and (viii) the filing of an amendment to Companys charter with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, containing such amendments necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Companys and Merger Subs obligations to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate the contemplated transactions thereunder are further conditioned upon customary closing conditions as well as REalloys having sufficient stockholders equity as necessary for the Company to meet Nasdaq listing requirements. REalloys obligations to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate the contemplated transactions thereunder are further conditioned upon customary closing conditions as well as (i) the Companys execution of the Option Agreement (as further described below), (ii) the Companys consummation of a Company Financing and issuance of $2,300,000 of Additional Debentures to the satisfaction of the REalloys (as further described below), (iii) the Company having Net Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) equal to or in excess of negative $2.69 million, and (iv) the Company filing the Certificate of Designations establishing a class of Company preferred stock to be designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (as further described below).

Following the Closing, the Company is expected to be renamed REalloys Inc., and it is expected that the shares of Company Common Stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq.

Palladium Capital Group, LLC served as the exclusive financial advisor in connection with the above transactions.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Stockholder Support Agreements

As a condition to the parties execution of the Merger Agreement, Gust Kepler, a director and the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, who holds shares of Company Common Stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, executed a Stockholder Support Agreement (the Company Stockholder Support Agreement), pursuant to which Mr. Kepler agreed to vote his shares of Company Common Stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in favor of (i) the approval of the Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated therein, (ii) if deemed necessary by the Company, an amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation to effect a forward or reverse split of the outstanding Company Common Stock if necessary, (iii) the issuance of Company Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, and (iv) against any competing proposals. In addition, as a condition to the parties execution of the Merger Agreement, holders of at least 50.1% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the REalloys executed a Stockholder Support Agreement (the REalloys Stockholder Support Agreements), pursuant to which such holders agreed to vote all of their shares of capital stock of the REalloys in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and transactions contemplated therein.

The foregoing description of the Parent Stockholder Support Agreement and REalloys Stockholder Support Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Company Stockholder Support Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the REalloys Stockholder Support Agreements, the form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Lock-Up Agreements

As a condition to the parties execution of the Merger Agreement, prior to Closing, all officers, directors and stockholders of the REalloys will execute lock-up agreements (the Lock-Up Agreements), which among other things (i) prohibit such parties from engaging in certain sale and other transfer transactions relating to the Company Common Stock and securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable therefor, without the prior written consent of the Company for a period of 180 days after the Closing and (ii) for 180 days thereafter, further prohibits such parties from engaging certain transactions representing more than 10% of each partys record or beneficial ownership of the Company in any one month.

The foregoing description of the Lock-Up Agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Lock-Up Agreements, the form of which is attached as Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Option Agreement

As a condition to the parties execution of the Merger Agreement, prior to Closing, Company and Gust Kepler will execute an Option Agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit D to the Merger Agreement (the Option Agreement), pursuant to which Parent shall have the right to call for redemption and Gust Kepler shall have the right to cause Company to redeem all of the issued and outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Parent held by Gust Kepler in exchange for shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Blackbox.io, Inc. (Blackbox Operating), a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, which was organized to conduct historical operations of Parent.

The foregoing description of the Option Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Option Agreement, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D to the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Contingent Value Rights Agreements

At the Closing, the Company, a representative of the Company stockholders, and a to be appointed Rights Agent, will enter into a Contingent Value Rights Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit E to the Merger Agreement (the CVR Agreement). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the CVR Agreement, each share of Company Common Stock held by Parent stockholders as of a record date immediately prior to the Closing will receive a dividend of one contingent value right (CVR) entitling such holders to receive, in connection with certain transactions involving Blackbox Operating (a CVR Transaction), an amount equal to the net proceeds actually received by the Company at the closing of such transaction. A CVR Transaction is generally a transaction pursuant to which (i) the Company or Blackbox Operating grants, sells, licenses or otherwise transfers some or all of the rights to the Blackbox Operating assets, or other monetizing event of all or any part of the Blackbox Operating assets and (ii) the Company receives or Blackbox Operating determines to distribute net proceeds from such transaction as a dividend to its stockholders.

The CVR payment obligations will expire the date that is 24 months following the Closing. The CVRs will not be transferable, except in certain limited circumstances, will not be certificated or evidenced by any instrument, will not accrue interest and will not be registered with the SEC or listed for trading on any exchange. There is no guarantee that any CVR Transaction or payment pursuant thereto will be earned.

The foregoing description of the CVR Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the CVR Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit E to the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Certificate of Designations for Series C Convertible Preferred Stock

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, as a condition to Closing, the Company will file a Certificate of Designations (the Certificate of Designations) with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada establishing a class of Company preferred stock to be designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Series C Stock), which is expected to be issued as partial consideration in the Merger. All shares of capital stock of the Company rank pari passu or junior to the Series C Stock, with respect to preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company. The Series C Stock will be convertible into shares of Company Common Stock at the election of the holder at any time and from time to time after issuance of the Series C Stock at a conversion price to be equal to 100% of the lesser of (i) the closing price of the Company Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to the closing of the Merger and (ii) the closing price of the Company Common Stock on the date the Companies obtain stockholder approval for issuance of the Series C Stock and Company Common Stock into which it converts (the Series C Stockholder Approval). The conversion price is subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications, stock combinations and the like (subject to certain exceptions). In addition, the conversion price and the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series C Stock are subject to full ratchet anti-dilution protection. At any time after issuance of the Series C Stock, to the extent the Company raises capital in any financing with gross proceeds in excess of $3 million, the Company is required to use one-third of such gross proceeds to redeem all or any portion of the Series C Stock then outstanding. The amortization payments due upon such redemption are payable by the Company in cash at a price equal to the product of (i) 110% and (ii) the stated value of the shares of Series C Stock being redeemed plus any and all accrued and unpaid dividends on such shares of Series C Stock.

The holders of the Series C Stock are entitled to dividends of 2.5% per annum, compounded each calendar month, which are payable in arrears monthly in cash, in kind in the form of additional shares of Series C Stock, or in a combination thereof, at the holders discretion, in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Triggering Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations and described below), the Series C Stock shall accrue dividends at a rate of 15% per annum. Upon conversion, redemption or other repayment, the holders of shares of Series C Stock are also entitled to receive a dividend make-whole payment, assuming for calculation purposes that the stated value of such Series C Stock remained outstanding through and including the date of conversion or redemption of all the shares of Series C Stock. The holders of Series C Stock are entitled to vote with holders of the Company Common Stock on an as-converted basis, with the number of votes to which each holder of Series C Stock is entitled to be calculated as the stated value of such share of Series C Stock divided by the Nasdaq Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) immediately preceding the Subscription Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations as set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys ability to settle conversions and make amortization payments and dividend make-whole payments using shares of Company Common Stock is subject to certain limitations set forth in the Certificate of Designations, including a limit on the number of shares that may be issued until the time, if any, that the Company has obtained the Series C Stockholder Approval. Further, the Certificate of Designations contains a certain beneficial ownership limitation after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Stock or as part of any amortization payment or dividend make-whole payment under the Certificate of Designations.

The Certificate of Designations includes certain Triggering Events (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), including, among other things, the suspension from trading or failure of the Company Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on an Eligible Market (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) for a period of five consecutive trading days and the Companys failure to pay any amounts due to the holders of Series C Stock when due. In connection with a Triggering Event, each holder of Series C Stock will be able to require the Company to redeem in cash any or all of the holders shares of Series C Stock at a premium set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

The Company will be subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the maturity of indebtedness, preservation of existence, maintenance of properties, maintenance of insurance, transactions with affiliates, among other matters.

There is no established public trading market for the Series C Stock and the Company does not intend to list the Series C Stock on any national securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system.

The foregoing description of the Certificate of Designations does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Certificate of Designations, which is attached as Exhibit G to the Merger Agreement, which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

As described below, Series C Stock will be issued upon consummation of the Merger as consideration for certain outstanding shares of Series X Stock (as defined below) of REalloys and, at the option of the holders of Additional Debentures issued in connection with the Company Financing (described below), in exchange for satisfaction of certain Company obligations under the terms of the Additional Debentures.

REalloys Financing

Securities Purchase Agreement

In connection with the Merger, REalloys entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the REalloys Purchase Agreement), dated as of March 6, 2025, with Five Narrow Lane LP (the Buyer), pursuant to which REalloys agreed to sell to the Buyer (i) an aggregate of 5,000 shares of REalloys Series X Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series X Stock), with a stated value of $1,000 per share (the Stated Value) and (ii) warrants (the REalloys Warrants) to acquire up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock of REalloys, par value $0.0001 per share (the REalloys Common Stock) (collectively, the REalloys Financing). REalloys will also issue to the Buyer an aggregate number of shares of REalloys Common Stock representing 5.0% of the fully diluted outstanding capital of REalloys (the Commitment Shares), which shall be adjusted as necessary immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger to the extent that the Commitment Shares represent less than 5.0% of the fully diluted outstanding capital of REalloys. The closing of the REalloys Financing is expected to occur on or around March 10, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The aggregate gross proceeds from the REalloys Financing are expected to be $5,000,000 (or up to $55,000,000 if the REalloys Warrants are exercised in full for cash). REalloys expects to use the net proceeds from the REalloys Financing for general corporate purposes and for transaction expenses incurred in connection with the Merger.

The REalloys Purchase Agreement contains certain representations and warranties, covenants and indemnities customary for similar transactions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the REalloys Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the REalloys Purchase Agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. The REalloys Financing is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to the exemption for transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. The Buyer has represented to REalloys that it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D and that it is acquiring the securities for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof. The Series X Stock and REalloys Warrants are being offered without any general solicitation by the Company or its representatives.

Certificate of Designations

The terms of the Series X Stock are set forth in a certificate of designations (the REalloys Certificate of Designations) which will be filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada prior to the closing of the REalloys Purchase Agreement. All shares of capital stock of REalloys rank pari passu or junior to the Series X Stock, with respect to preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of REalloys. At any time after issuance of the Series X Stock, to the extent (i) the Merger Agreement is terminated for any reason before the Merger is consummated and (ii) REalloys raises capital in any financing, REalloys is required to use 50% of the aggregate gross proceeds from such financing to redeem all or any portion of the Series X Stock then outstanding. The amortization payments due upon such redemption are payable by REalloys in cash at a price equal to the product of (i) 110% and (ii) the Stated Value of the shares of Series X Stock being redeemed plus any and all accrued and unpaid dividends on such shares of Series X Stock.

The holders of the Series X Stock are entitled to dividends of 8.0% per annum, compounded each calendar quarter, which are payable in arrears quarterly on the Maturity Date (as defined in the REalloys Certificate of Designations) in cash, in kind in the form of additional shares of Series X Stock, or in a combination thereof, at the holders discretion, in accordance with the terms of the REalloys Certificate of Designations. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Triggering Event (as defined in the REalloys Certificate of Designations and described below), the Series X Stock accrues dividends at a rate of 15% per annum. Upon redemption or other repayment, the holders of shares of Series X Stock are also entitled to receive a dividend make-whole payment, assuming for calculation purposes that the Stated Value of such Series X Stock remained outstanding through and including the date of redemption of all the shares of Series X Stock. The holders of Series X Stock are entitled to vote with holders of the REalloys Common Stock on an as-converted basis, with each share of Series X Stock entitling the holder thereof to cast one vote per share of Series X Stock.

The REalloys Certificate of Designations includes certain Triggering Events (as defined in the REalloys Certificate of Designations), including, among other things, REalloys failure to pay any amounts due to the holders of Series X Stock when due. In connection with a Triggering Event, each holder of Series X Stock will be able to require REalloys to redeem in cash any or all of the holders shares of Series X Stock at a premium set forth in the REalloys Certificate of Designations.

REalloys will be subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, restricted payments and investments, restrictions on redemption and cash dividends, restrictions on transfer of assets, the maturity of indebtedness, change in nature of business, preservation of existence, maintenance of properties, intellectual property and insurance, transactions with affiliates, restricted issuances and restrictions on acquisitions, among other matters. There is no established public trading market for the Series X Stock and REalloys does not intend to list the Series X Stock on any national securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of Series X Stock outstanding will be converted solely into the right to receive shares of the Companys Series C Stock at a ratio of 1 to 1.

Warrants

The REalloys Warrants are exercisable for shares of REalloys Common Stock immediately upon issuance, at an exercise price of $10.00 per share (the Exercise Price) and expire two years from the date of issuance. The Exercise Price is subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications, and the like. There is no established public trading market for the REalloys Warrants and REalloys does not intend to list the REalloys Warrants on any national securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the REalloys Warrants are to be assumed by the Company at Closing and will be exercisable for the purchase of Company Common Stock in an amount and at an adjusted Exercise Price based upon the Exchange Ratio.

Company Financing

As previously reported on the Companys Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2025 and February 4, 2025, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 17, 2025, as amended by that certain Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 27, 2024 (the Company Purchase Agreement), with Five Narrow Lane LP, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue, and Five Narrow Lane LP agreed to purchase, a series of debentures (the Company Financing). In connection with the Company Financing, the Company agreed to forms of documents to be executed upon the occurrence of certain events contemplated under the Company Purchase Agreement, including but not limited to (i) an amended and restated senior secured convertible debenture (the Additional Debenture), (ii) a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), (iii) a security agreement (the Security Agreement), and (iv) a subsidiary guarantee (the Subsidiary Guarantee).

In connection with the Merger, the Company has agreed to make certain changes to the Additional Debenture and Registration Rights Agreement. Among other things, the Additional Debenture requires the Company, upon consummation of the Merger, to either (i) pay to the holders in cash the entire principal amount of the Additional Debenture then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the Exit Fee (as defined in the Additional Debentures) and any other amounts due thereunder, or (ii) issue to the holders such number of shares of Series C Stock for aggregate stated value equal to (x) 3.0 multiplied by (y) the entire principal amount of the Additional Debentures then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the Exit Fee (as defined in the Additional Debentures) and other amounts due thereunder. Additionally, the agreed form of the Registration Rights Agreement has been revised to reflect that filing date for the resale registration statement registering the Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Additional Debenture has been extended to April 15, 2025 (the Filing Date), and that the Company is required to have such registration statement declared by the SEC by the 30th calendar day following the Filing Date (or 45 calendar days in the event of a full review).

On March 10, 2025, the Company issued an Additional Debenture to Five Narrow Lane LP with an outstanding principal amount of $1,050,000. Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the obligations under the Additional Debenture are secured by security interest in certain property of the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company. In connection with the issuance of Additional Debenture, the parties executed the Registration Rights Agreement, Security Agreement and Blackbox Operating executed a Subsidiary Guarantee.

The foregoing description of the Additional Debentures, Registration Rights Agreement, Security Agreement and Subsidiary Guarantee does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Additional Debentures, Registration Rights Agreement, Security Agreement and Subsidiary Guarantee, which are attached as Exhibit 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 and 10.6 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Important Statement Regarding the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement and the agreements and forms of agreements contemplated thereunder have been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding their terms. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties or their respective subsidiaries and affiliates. The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties by the Company and Merger Sub, on the one hand, and by REalloys on the other hand, made solely for the benefit of the other. The assertions embodied in those representations and warranties are qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules delivered by each party in connection with the signing of the Merger Agreement. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were made as of a specified date, may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to stockholders or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the Company and Merger Sub, on the one hand, and REalloys, on the other hand. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts about the Company, Merger Sub or the REalloys at the time they were made or otherwise. In addition, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Companys public disclosures. The Merger Agreement and the agreements and forms of agreements contemplated thereunder should not be read alone but should instead be read in conjunction with the other information regarding the Merger Agreement, the Company, the Merger Sub, REalloys, and their respective affiliates and respective businesses, that will be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will include an proxy statement of the Company, as well as in the Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other filings that the Parent makes with the SEC. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANYARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY, THE MERGER SUB, REALLOYS, THE MERGER AND RELATED MATTERS.

Investors and stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will include a proxy statement and prospectus, and other documents filed by the Parent with the SEC (when they become available) through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and stockholders will be able to obtain free copies of the Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will include a proxy statement and prospectus and other documents filed by the Company with the SEC by contacting the Company by mail at Blackboxstocks, Inc., 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas 75240, Attention: Corporate Secretary. Investors and stockholders are urged to read the Registration Statement on Form S-4 that will include a proxy statement and prospectus and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any investment decision with respect to the Merger.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The matters described in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference to the extent applicable.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The matters described in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference to the extent applicable.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The matters described in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference to the extent applicable.

Item7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

Attached as Exhibit 99.1 is a copy of the joint press release issued by the Company and REalloys on March 10, 2025 announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished, shall not be deemed filed for any purpose, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) The following exhibits are filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Exhibit 

Description

2.1* 

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 10, 2025, by and among Blackboxstocks Inc., RABLBX Merger Sub Inc. and REalloys Inc.

10.1 

Company Stockholder Support Agreement dated March 10, 2025, by and among Blackboxstocks Inc., REalloys Inc., and Gust Kepler.

10.2 

Form of REalloys Stockholder Support Agreement dated March 10, 2025, by and among Blackboxstocks Inc., REalloys Inc., and the Stockholders party thereto.

10.3 

Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Debenture due the Earlier of the Trigger Date and January 17, 2026.

10.4 

Registration Rights Agreement dated March 10, 2025, between Blackboxstocks Inc. and the Purchasers signatory thereto.

10.5 

Security Agreement dated March 10, 2025, by and among Blackboxstocks Inc., Blackbox.io Inc. and Five Narrow Lane LP.

10.6 

Subsidiary Guarantee dated March 10, 2025, by and among the Guarantors signatory thereto and Purchasers named therein.

99.1 

Press Release dated March 10, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 10, 2025

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 

By: 

/s/ Gust Kepler 

Gust Kepler, President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_786897.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
ex_786897.htm

Exhibit 2.1

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

among:

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.;

RABLBX MERGER SUB INC.;

and

REALLOYS INC.

Dated as of March 10, 2025

Table of Contents

Section1. Definitions and Interpretative Provisions 3

1.1 

Definitions 

3

1.2 

Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions 

15

Section2. Description of Transaction 16

2.1 

The Merger 

16

2.2 

Effects of the Merger 

16

2.3 

Closing; Effective Time 

16

2.4 

Organizational Documents; Directors and Officers 

16

2.5 

Conversion of Company, Merger Sub Equity Securities 

17

2.6 

Closing of the Companys Transfer Books 

19

2.7 

Surrender of Company Capital Stock 

19

2.8 

[Reserved]. 

20

2.9 

Further Action 

20

2.10 

Intended Tax Treatment 

20

2.11 

Withholding 

20

2.12 

Appraisal Rights 

21

2.13 

Contingent Value Rights 

21

Section3. Representations and Warranties of the Company 21

3.1 

Due Organization 

21

3.2 

Organizational Documents 

22

3.3 

Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement 

22

3.4 

Vote Required 

23

3.5 

Non-Contravention; Consents 

23

3.6 

Capitalization. 

24

3.7 

Financial Statements 

25

3.8 

Absence of Changes 

26

3.9 

Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities 

26

3.10 

Title to Assets 

26

3.11 

Real Property; Leasehold 

26

3.12 

Intellectual Property 

26

3.13 

Agreements, Contracts and Commitments 

26

3.14 

Compliance; Permits; Restrictions 

28

3.15 

Legal Proceedings; Orders 

28

3.16 

Tax Matters 

29

3.17 

Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans. 

30

3.18 

Environmental Matters 

31

3.19 

Mining; Financial Assurances 

31

3.20 

Insurance 

32

3.21 

No Financial Advisors 

32

3.22 

Transactions with Affiliates 

32

3.23 

Ownership of Parent Capital Stock 

32

3.24 

No Other Representations or Warranties 

32

Section4. Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub 32

4.1 

Due Organization; Subsidiaries 

33

4.2 

Organizational Documents 

33

4.3 

Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement 

33

4.4 

Vote Required 

34

4.5 

Non-Contravention; Consents 

34

4.6 

Capitalization 

35

4.7 

SEC Filings; Financial Statements 

36

4.8 

Absence of Changes 

38

4.9 

Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities 

38

4.10 

Title to Assets 

38

4.11 

Real Property; Leasehold 

38

4.12 

Intellectual Property 

39

4.13 

Agreements, Contracts and Commitments 

39

4.14 

Compliance; Permits; Restrictions 

41

4.15 

Legal Proceedings; Orders 

42

4.16 

Tax Matters 

42

4.17 

Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans 

43

4.18 

Environmental Matters 

45

4.19 

[Reserved] 

45

4.20 

Insurance 

45

4.21 

Transactions with Affiliates 

45

4.22 

No Financial Advisors 

45

4.23 

Valid Issuance 

45

4.24 

Privacy and Data Security 

46

4.25 

Absence of Liabilities 

46

4.26 

Code of Ethics 

46

4.27 

Governmental Contracts 

46

4.28 

No Other Representations or Warranties 

46

A-3

Section5. Certain Covenants of the Parties 47

5.1 

Operation of Parents Business 

47

5.2 

Operation of the Companys Business 

49

5.3 

Access and Investigation 

49

5.4 

No Solicitation 

49

5.5 

Notification of Certain Matters 

50

Section6. Additional Agreements of the Parties 50

6.1 

Registration Statement, Proxy Statement 

50

6.2 

Company Stockholder Written Consent 

52

6.3 

Parent Stockholder Meeting 

53

6.4 

Efforts; Regulatory Approvals. 

54

6.5 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

55

6.6 

Disclosure 

57

6.7 

Listing 

57

6.8 

Tax Matters 

57

6.9 

Legends 

58

6.10 

Officers and Directors 

58

6.11 

Termination of Certain Agreements and Rights 

59

6.12 

Section 16 Matters 

59

6.13 

Allocation Information 

59

6.14 

Parent SEC Documents 

59

6.15 

Obligations of Merger Sub 

59

6.16 

Employment Agreement 

59

6.17 

Incentive Plan 

59

6.18 

Payment of Excess S-3 Funds 

60

6.19 

Assumption of Preferred Stock Warrant 

61

Section7. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Each Party 61

7.1 

Effectiveness of Registration Statement 

61

7.2 

Regulatory Approvals 

61

7.3 

No Restraints 

61

7.4 

Stockholder Approval 

61

7.5 

Listing 

61

7.6 

Lock-Up Agreements 

61

7.7 

Stock Purchase Agreement 

61

7.8 

Parent Charter Amendment 

62

A-4

Section8. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub 62

8.1 

Accuracy of Representations 

62

8.2 

Performance of Covenants 

62

8.3 

Documents 

62

8.4 

No Company Material Adverse Effect 

62

8.5 

Company Stockholder Written Consent 

62

8.6 

Company Stockholders Equity 

63

Section9. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Company 63

9.1 

Accuracy of Representations 

63

9.2 

Performance of Covenants 

63

9.3 

Documents 

63

9.4 

No Parent Material Adverse Effect 

63

9.5 

Option Agreement 

63

9.6 

Additional Debenture 

63

9.7 

Parent Minimum Cash 

64

9.8 

Certificate of Designation 

64

Section10. Termination 64

10.1 

Termination 

64

10.2 

Effect of Termination 

65

10.3 

Expenses 

65

Section11. Miscellaneous Provisions 66

11.1 

Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties 

66

11.2 

Amendment 

66

11.3 

Waiver 

66

11.4 

Entire Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile 

66

11.5 

Applicable Law; Jurisdiction 

66

11.6 

Assignability 

67

11.7 

Notices 

67

11.8 

Cooperation 

68

11.9 

Severability 

68

11.10 

Other Remedies; Specific Performance 

68

11.11 

No Third-Party Beneficiaries 

68

Exhibits:

Exhibit A-1 Form of Parent Stockholder Support Agreement

Exhibit A-2 Form of Company Stockholder Support Agreement

Exhibit B Form of Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit C Certificate of Merger

Exhibit D Option Agreement

Exhibit E CVR Agreement

Exhibit F Promissory Note

Exhibit G Certificate of Designation

A-5

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER 

This Agreement and Plan of Merger(this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 10, 2025, by and among Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Parent), RABLBX Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), and Realloys Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company). Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined Section 1.

Recitals

A. Parent and the Company intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the Merger) in accordance with this Agreement and the NRS. Upon consummation of the Merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist and the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

B. The Parties intend that (i) the Merger will constitute an integrated transaction described in Rev. Rul. 2001-46, 2001-2 C.B. 321 that qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and (ii) this Agreement will constitute, and is hereby adopted as, a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a).

C. The Parent Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, including the issuance of shares of Parent Capital Stock to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the constructive issuance by the Company of shares of Company Common Stock to stockholders of Parent (as reflected in Rule 145(a) of the Securities Act) (the Constructive Issuance), (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of Parent vote to approve this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions, including the issuance of shares of Parent Capital Stock to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Constructive Issuance, and, if deemed necessary by the Parties, an amendment to Parents certificate of incorporation to effect the Split, (iv) approved and declared advisable the Incentive Plan and (v) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of Parent vote to authorize the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635.

D. The Merger Sub Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable, and in the best interests of Merger Sub and its sole stockholder, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholder of Merger Sub votes to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions.

E. The Company Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of the Company vote to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions.

F. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to the Companys willingness to enter into this Agreement, Gust Kepler (solely in his capacity as stockholder of Parent) will execute a support agreement in favor of the Company in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-1 (the ParentStockholder Support Agreement), pursuant to which he has, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, agreed to vote all of his shares of capital stock of Parent in favor of (i) the approval of this Agreement and thereby the approval of the Contemplated Transactions; (ii) if deemed necessary by Parent, an amendment to Parents certificate of incorporation to effect the Split; (iii) the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, and (iv) against any competing proposals. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition and inducement to the Parents willingness to enter into this Agreement, one or more holders of Company Capital Stock representing the Required Company Stockholder Vote will execute a support agreement in favor of the Parent in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-2 (the Company Stockholder Support Agreement(s)), pursuant to which such holders have, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, agreed to vote all of their shares of capital stock of Company in favor of the approval of this Agreement and thereby the approval of the Contemplated Transactions.

G. As a condition to the willingness of the Parties to enter into this Agreement, prior to the Effective Time, Parent and Gust Kepler will execute an Option Agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Option Agreement) pursuant to which, subject to consummation of the Acquisition (hereinafter defined), Parent shall have the right to call for redemption and Gust Kepler shall have the right to cause Parent to redeem all of the issued and outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Parent (Parent Series A Stock) held by Gust Kepler in exchange for shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Blackbox.io Inc. (Blackbox Operating), a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, which was organized to conduct historical operations of Parent.

H. As a condition to the willingness of the Parties to enter into this Agreement, prior to the Effective Time, all of the officers, directors and stockholders of the Company will execute lock-up agreements in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up Agreement and collectively, the Lock-Up Agreements).

I. As a condition to the willingness of the Parties to enter into this Agreement, prior to the Effective Time, Gust Kepler and Lipi Sternheim shall enter into a Securities Transfer Agreement, in a form acceptable to Gust Kepler and Lipi Sternheim, whereby Gust Kepler shall agree to sell 1,634,999 shares of Parent Series A Stock to Lipi Sternheim, which sale shall be contingent upon and effective concurrently with Closing (the Stock Purchase Agreement).

J. It is expected that within two (2) Business Days after the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, the holders of shares of Company Capital Stock sufficient to adopt and approve this Agreement and the Merger as required under the NRS and the Companys certificate of incorporation and bylaws will execute and deliver an action by written consent adopting this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent, in order to obtain the Required Company Stockholder Vote.

K. On the Closing Date prior to or simultaneously with the filing of the Certificate of Merger, Parent will file the Certificate of Designation (hereinafter defined) with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada.

2

Agreement

The Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Section 1. Definitions and Interpretative Provisions.

1.1 Definitions.

(a) For purposes of this Agreement (including this Section1):

Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement means a confidentiality agreement containing terms not materially less restrictive in the aggregate to the counterparty thereto than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, except such confidentiality agreement need not contain any standstill, non-solicitation or no hire provisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Person who has previously entered into a confidentiality agreement with Parent relating to a potential Acquisition Proposal on terms that are not materially less restrictive than the Confidentiality Agreement with respect to the scope of coverage and restrictions on disclosure and use shall not be required to enter into a new or revised confidentiality agreement, and such existing confidentiality agreement shall be deemed to be an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement.

Acquisition Inquiry means, with respect to a Party, an inquiry, indication of interest or request for non-public information (other than an inquiry, indication of interest or request for information made or submitted by the Company, on the one hand, or Parent, on the other hand, to the other Party) that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal.

AcquisitionProposal means, with respect to a Party, any offer or proposal, whether written or oral (other than an offer or proposal made or submitted by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, or by or on behalf of Parent or any of its Affiliates, on the other hand, to the other Party) contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction with such Party.

AcquisitionTransaction means any transaction or series of related transactions involving:

(a) 

any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, share exchange, business combination, issuance of securities, acquisition of securities, reorganization, recapitalization, tender offer, exchange offer or other similar transaction: (i) in which a Person or group (as defined in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) of Persons directly or indirectly acquires beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 20% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of a Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) in which a Party or any of its Subsidiaries issues securities representing more than 20% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of such Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or issues securities convertible into more than 20% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of such Party or any of its Subsidiaries; or

(b) 

any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition of any business or businesses or assets that constitute or account for 20% or more of the consolidated book value or the fair market value of the assets of a Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Affiliate shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 145 under the Securities Act.

Anticipated Closing Date means the anticipated Closing Date, as agreed upon by Parent and the Company.

BusinessDay means any day other than a day on which banks in the State of New York are authorized or obligated to be closed.

Certificate of Designation means the Certificate of Designation of Series C Parent Preferred Stock in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G.

COBRA means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as set forth in Section 4980B of the Code and Section 6 of Title I of ERISA.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

3

Company Associate means any current employee, independent contractor, officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Company Board means the board of directors of the Company.

Company Capital Stock means the Company Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock and for the avoidance of doubt shall include any Company Warrants or Company SAFEs or any shares of Company Common Stock, Company Preferred Stock or Parent Common Stock such Company Preferred Stock, Company Warrants or Company SAFEs may be exercised for or convert into.

Company Common Stock means the common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company.

Company Contract means any Contract: (a) to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a Party, (b) by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound or under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, or may become subject to, any obligation or (c) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has or may acquire any right or interest.

Company Employee Plan means any Employee Plan that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) sponsors, maintains, administers, or contributes to, or (ii) provides benefits under or through, or (iii) has any obligation to contribute to or provide benefits under or through, or (iv) may reasonably be expected to have any Liability, or (v) utilizes to provide benefits to or otherwise cover any current or former employee, officer, director or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or their spouses, dependents, or beneficiaries).

Company Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections3.1(a), 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5(a)(i), 3.6(a) and 3.21.

Company IP Rights means all Intellectual Property rights that are owned or purported to be owned by, assigned to, exclusively licensed to, or controlled by the Company or its Subsidiaries that are necessary for, or used or held for use in, the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted.

Company IP Rights Agreement means any Contract governing, related to or pertaining to any Company IP Rights other than any confidential information provided under confidentiality agreements.

Company Key Employee means any executive officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Company Material Adverse Effect means any Effect that, considered together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the date of determination of the occurrence of a Company Material Adverse Effect, has or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, assets, liabilities or results of operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that Effects arising or resulting from the following shall not be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Company Material Adverse Effect: (a) the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency of the Contemplated Transactions, (b) the taking of any action, or the failure to take any action, by the Company that is required to comply with the terms of this Agreement, (c) any natural disaster, calamity or epidemics, pandemics or other force majeure events, or any act or threat of terrorism or war, any armed hostilities or terrorist activities (including any escalation or general worsening of any of the foregoing) anywhere in the world or any governmental or other response or reaction to any of the foregoing, (d) any change in GAAP or applicable Law or the interpretation thereof, (e) general economic or political conditions or conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate or (f) any change in the cash position of the Company and its Subsidiaries which results from operations in the Ordinary Course of Business; except in each case with respect to clauses (c), (d) and (e), to the extent disproportionately affecting the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other similarly situated companies in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate.

4

Company Merger Shares means the product determined by multiplying (i) the Post-Closing Parent Shares by (ii) the Company Allocation Percentage, in which:

Additional Debenture that certain Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due the Earlier of the Trigger Date and January 17, 2026 issued by Parent.

Aggregate Valuation means the sum of (i) the Company Valuation plus (ii) the Parent Valuation.

Company Allocation Percentage means the percentage (rounded to four decimal places) determined by subtracting (i) the Parent Allocation Percentage from (ii) 100 percent.

Company Outstanding Shares means, without duplication, the total number of shares of Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time less any Company Warrants, Company SAFEs, Company Preferred Stock or any shares of Company Common Stock, Parent Common Stock or Parent Preferred Stock such Company Warrants, Company SAFEs or Company Preferred Stock may be exercised for or convert into.

Company Valuation means $400,000,000 plus an amount equal to the proceeds from the any sale or issuance of Company Capital Stock between the date of this Agreement and Closing in excess of $20,000,000, which shall be disclosed to Parent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to Closing.

Exchange Ratio means the ratio (rounded to four decimal places) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) Company Merger Shares, less (A) the Warrant/SAFE Shares, less (B) Preferred Stock Conversion Shares, and less (C) two thirds (2/3) of the total Parent Financing Preferred Stock Conversion Shares rounded down to the nearest whole number, by (ii) the Company Outstanding Shares.

In the Money Parent Options means Parent Options with an exercise price equal to or less than the Parent Closing Price.

Parent Allocation Percentage means the quotient (expressed as a percentage and rounded to four decimal places) determined by dividing (i) the Parent Valuation by (ii) the Aggregate Valuation.

Parent Closing Price means the volume weighted average closing trading price of a share of Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq for the five (5) consecutive trading days ending three (3) trading days immediately prior to the Closing Date as reported by Bloomberg L.P.

5

Parent Outstanding Shares means, without duplication, (including, without limitation, the effects of the Split, if completed) the total number of shares of Parent Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time expressed on a fully-diluted basis, and assuming, without limitation or duplication, the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock in respect of all In the Money Parent Options, warrants or other rights or commitments to receive shares of Parent Common Stock or Parent Preferred Stock (or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of Parent Common Stock or Parent Preferred Stock other than Parent Series A Stock), whether conditional or unconditional, that are outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, (i) the total number of Parent Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Parent Series A Stock shall not be included in the calculation of Parent Outstanding Shares and (ii) for purposes of calculating the Parent Outstanding Shares, the Parent Outstanding Shares shall be increased by one third (1/3) of the total Parent Financing Preferred Stock Conversion Shares rounded down to the nearest whole number.

Parent Valuation means (i) $31,500,000.

Parent Financing Preferred Stock Conversion Shares means the number of shares of Parent Common Stock into which the Parent Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of the Additional Debenture are converted.

Preferred Stock Conversion Shares means the number of shares of Parent Common Stock into which the Parent Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to Section 2.5(a)(iii) as consideration for the Company Preferred Stock may be converted.

Post-Closing Parent Shares means the quotient determined by dividing (i) the Parent Outstanding Shares by (ii) the Parent Allocation Percentage.

Warrant/SAFE Shares means the number of shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 2.5(a)(iv) as consideration for the Acquisition Warrants and Section 2.5(a)(v) as consideration for the Company SAFEs.

Company Registered IP means all Company IP Rights that are owned or exclusively licensed by the Company that are registered, filed or issued under the authority of, with or by any Governmental Authority, including all patents, registered copyrights and registered trademarks and all applications and registrations for any of the foregoing.

Company Triggering Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, subject to Section 10.1(f): (a) the Company shall have failed to deliver or withdrawn the Company Board Recommendation, or (b) Company shall have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any Contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

ConfidentialityAgreement means the Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2024, between the Company and Parent.

Consent means any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver or authorization (including any Governmental Authorization).

ContemplatedTransactions means the Merger, the Constructive Issuance, the Option Agreement, the Stock Purchase Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other than the Parent Charter Amendment), and the Split (to the extent applicable and deemed necessary by Parent and the Company).

6

Contract means, with respect to any Person, any written agreement, contract, subcontract, lease (whether for real or personal property), mortgage, license, or other legally binding commitment or undertaking of any nature to which such Person is a party or by which such Person or any of its assets are bound or affected under applicable Law.

Effect means any effect, change, event, circumstance, or development.

Employee Plan means (a) an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA whether or not subject to ERISA; (b) other plans, programs, policies or arrangements providing for stock options, stock purchases, equity-based compensation, bonuses (including any annual bonuses and retention bonuses) or other incentives, severance pay, deferred compensation, employment, compensation, change in control or transaction bonuses, supplemental, vacation, retirement benefits (including post-retirement health and welfare benefits), pension benefits, profit-sharing benefits, fringe benefits, life insurance benefits, perquisites, health benefits, medical benefits, dental benefits, vision benefits, and all other employee benefit plans, agreements, and arrangements, not described in (a) above; and (c) all other plans, programs, policies or arrangements providing compensation to employees, consultants and non-employee directors.

Encumbrance means any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, security interest, lease, exclusive license, option, easement, reservation, servitude, adverse title, claim, infringement, interference, option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, community property interest or restriction or encumbrance of any nature (including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction on the transfer of any security or other asset, any restriction on the receipt of any income derived from any asset, any restriction on the use of any asset and any restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset).

Enforceability Exceptions means the (a) Laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and (b) rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable remedies.

Entity means any corporation (including any nonprofit corporation), partnership (including any general partnership, limited partnership or limited liability partnership), joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any company limited by shares, limited liability company or joint stock company), firm, society or other enterprise, association, organization or entity, and each of its successors.

EnvironmentalLaw means any federal, state, local or foreign Law relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata), including any law or regulation relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to any Entity, any other Person that would be treated as a single employer with such Entity or part of the same controlled group as such Entity under Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Code.

ExchangeAct means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

7

Governmental Authority means any: (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature, (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, supra-national or other government, (c) governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental division, department, agency, commission, bureau, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal, and for the avoidance of doubt, any taxing authority) or (d) self-regulatory organization (including Nasdaq).

Governmental Authorization means any: (a) permit, license, certificate, franchise, permission, variance, exception, order, approval, clearance, registration, qualification or authorization issued, granted, given or otherwise made available by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority or pursuant to any Law or (b) right under any Contract with any Governmental Authority.

Hazardous Materials means any pollutant, chemical, substance and any toxic, infectious, carcinogenic, reactive, corrosive, ignitable or flammable chemical, or chemical compound, or hazardous substance, material or waste, whether solid, liquid or gas, that is subject to regulation, control or remediation under any Environmental Law, including without limitation, crude oil or any fraction thereof, and petroleum products or by-products, explosive or radioactive materials or wastes, coal ash and other combustion residuals, slag, silica and silica dust, hydrochloric acid or radon, but, in each case, shall not include coal and coal byproducts.

Intellectual Property means: (a) United States, foreign and international patents, patent applications, including all provisionals, nonprovisionals, substitutions, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions, supplementary protection certificates, reexaminations, term extensions, certificates of invention and the equivalents of any of the foregoing, statutory invention registrations, invention disclosures and inventions (collectively, Patents), (b) trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, corporate names, brand names, URLs, trade dress, logos and other source identifiers, including registrations and applications for registration thereof and goodwill associated therewith, (c) copyrights, including registrations and applications for registration thereof, (d) software, including all source code, object code and related documentation, (e) formulae, customer lists, trade secrets, know-how, confidential information and other proprietary rights and intellectual property, whether patentable or not, and (f) all United States and foreign rights arising under or associated with any of the foregoing.

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Knowledge means, (a) with respect to an individual, that such individual is actually aware of the relevant fact or such individual would reasonably be expected to know such fact in the ordinary course of the performance of such individuals employment responsibilities, (b) with respect Parent, the Knowledge of the individuals listed on Schedule A of the Parent Disclosure Letter as of the date of such knowledge is imputed and (c) with respect to any Person that is an Entity (other than Parent) the Knowledge of any director or executive officer of such Person as of the date such knowledge is imputed. With respect to any matters relating to Intellectual Property, such awareness or reasonable expectation to have knowledge does not require any such individual to conduct or have conducted or obtain or have obtained any freedom to operate opinions of counsel or any Intellectual Property rights clearance searches.

Law means any federal, state, national, supra-national, foreign, local or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority (including under the authority of Nasdaq or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

Legal Proceeding means any action, suit, litigation, arbitration, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate proceeding), hearing, inquiry, audit, examination or investigation commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator or arbitration panel.

8

Merger Sub Board means the board of directors of Merger Sub.

Mining Safety Laws means all Laws and orders relating to the exploration, extraction, mining, processing, storage, loading, selling, trading, shipping, transportation and delivery of minerals as well as safety and health and reclamation and mine closure requirements related to or arising out of such activities, including (a) the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, 30 U.S.C. 1201 et. seq.; (b) the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, 30 U.S.C. 801 et. seq.; and (c) the Occupational and Safety Health Act of 1970, 29 U.S.C. 652 et. seq., in each case including any implementing regulations and any state analogs

MultiemployerPlan means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

Multiple Employer Plan means a multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 413(c) of the Code or Section 3(40) of ERISA.

Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangement means a multiple employer welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section 3(40) of ERISA.

Nasdaq means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

NRS means the Nevada Revised Statutes.

Order means any judgment, order, writ, injunction, ruling, decision or decree of (that is binding on a Party), or any plea agreement, corporate integrity agreement, resolution agreement or deferred prosecution agreement with, or any settlement under the jurisdiction of, any court or Governmental Authority.

OrdinaryCourse of Business means, in the case of each of the Company and Parent, such actions taken in the ordinary course of its business and consistent with its past practice or, with respect to the Company, the customary practices of a company at a similar stage of development.

Organizational Documents means, with respect to any Person (other than an individual), (a) the certificate or articles of association or incorporation or organization or limited partnership or limited liability company, and any joint venture, limited liability company, operating or partnership agreement and other similar documents adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation or organization of such Person and (b) all bylaws, regulations and similar documents or agreements relating to the organization or governance of such Person, in each case, as amended or supplemented.

Parent Associate means any current employee, independent contractor, officer or director of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

Parent Balance Sheet means the audited balance sheet of Parent as of December 31, 2023, included in Parents Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC.

Parent Board means the board of directors of Parent.

Parent Capital Stock means the Parent Common Stock and the Parent Preferred Stock.

9

Parent Common Stock means the common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of Parent.

Parent Contract means any Contract: (a) to which Parent is a party, (b) by which Parent or any Parent IP Rights or any other asset of Parent is or may become bound or under which Parent has, or may become subject to, any obligation or (c) under which Parent has or may acquire any right or interest.

Parent Employee Plan means any Employee Plan that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (a) sponsors, maintains, administers, or contributes to, or (b) provides benefits under or through, or (c) has any obligation to contribute to or provide benefits under or through, or (d) may reasonably be expected to have any Liability, or (e) utilizes to provide benefits to or otherwise cover any current or former employee, officer, director or other service provider of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (or their spouses, dependents, or beneficiaries).

Parent Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in Sections4.1(a), 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5(a)(i), 4.6(a), 4.6(d) and 4.22.

Parent IP Rights means all Intellectual Property owned, licensed or controlled by Parent that is necessary for, or used or held for use in, the operation of the business of Parent.

Parent IP Rights Agreement means any Contract governing, related or pertaining to any Parent IP Rights.

ParentKey Employee means (i) an executive officer of Parent and (ii) any employee of Parent that reports directly to the Parent Board or to an executive officer of Parent.

Parent Material Adverse Effect means any Effect that, considered together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the date of determination of the occurrence of the Parent Material Adverse Effect, has or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, assets, liabilities or results of operations of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that Effects arising or resulting from the following shall not be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Parent Material Adverse Effect: (a) the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency of the Contemplated Transactions, (b) any change in the stock price or trading volume of Parent Common Stock (it being understood, however, that any Effect causing or contributing to any change in stock price or trading volume of Parent Common Stock may be taken into account in determining whether a Parent Material Adverse Effect has occurred, unless such Effects are otherwise excepted from this definition), (c) the taking of any action, or the failure to take any action, by Parent that is required to comply with the terms of this Agreement, (d) any natural disaster, calamity or epidemics, pandemics or other force majeure events, or any act or threat of terrorism or war, any armed hostilities or terrorist activities (including any escalation or general worsening of any of the foregoing) anywhere in the world, or any governmental or other response or reaction to any of the foregoing, (e) any change in GAAP or applicable Law or the interpretation thereof or (f) general economic or political conditions or conditions generally affecting the industries in which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries operates; except, in each case with respect to clauses (d), (e) and (f), to the extent materially and disproportionately affecting Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other similarly situated companies in the industries in which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries operates. Notwithstanding the above, a delisting of Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq shall constitute a Parent Material Adverse Effect, provided that the Company has not refused or unreasonably delayed its consent to reasonable actions by Parent to maintain the listing of Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq.

10

Parent Net Cash means without duplication, (i) Parents unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities determined, to the extent in accordance with GAAP, in a manner consistent with the manner in which such items were historically determined and in accordance with the financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the Parent SEC Documents and the Parent Balance Sheet, minus (ii) the sum of Parents consolidated short-term and long-term contractual obligations and liabilities accrued at the Closing Date, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP and, to the extent in accordance with GAAP, in a manner consistent with the manner in which such items were historically determined and in accordance with the financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the Parent SEC Documents and the Parent Balance Sheet but excluding the Additional Debenture, minus (iii) the aggregate amount (without duplication) of all unpaid fees and expenses incurred by Parent prior to the Effective Time in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, including: (a) any fees and expenses of legal counsel, accountants, financial advisors, investment bankers, brokers, consultants, tax advisors, and other professional advisors of Parent in connection with the Contemplated Transactions; (b) the fees paid to the SEC in connection with filing the Registration Statement and any amendments and supplements thereto, with the SEC; (c) the fees and expenses in connection with the printing, mailing and distribution of the Proxy Statement and any amendments and supplements thereto; (d) the Nasdaq Fees owed by Parent pursuant to Section 6.18(c), if applicable; (e) any bonus, retention payments, severance, change-in-control payments or similar payment obligations (including payments with single-trigger provisions triggered at and as of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby) that become due or payable to any director, officer, employee or consultant in connection with the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, together with any payroll Taxes associated therewith; and (f) the costs associated with obtaining the D&O tail policy pursuant to Section 6.5 and owed by Parent pursuant to Section 6.18(d), if applicable, in each case, to the extent unpaid as of the Effective Time, and minus (iv) any unpaid Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries for Tax periods (or portions thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date.

Parent Options means options or other rights to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock granted by Parent, including pursuant to any Parent Stock Plan.

Parent Preferred Stock means the shares of Parents capital stock designated as preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share of Parent.

Parent Registered IP means all Parent IP Rights that are owned or exclusively licensed by Parent that are registered, filed or issued under the authority of, with or by any Governmental Authority, including all patents, registered copyrights and registered trademarks and all applications for any of the foregoing.

Parent Restricted Stock Units means any equity award with respect to Parent Common Stock that represents the right to receive in the future shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to any Parent Stock Plan.

Parent Triggering Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, subject to Section 10.1(f) (a) Parent shall have failed to include in the Proxy Statement the Parent Board Recommendation or (b) Parent shall have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any Contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal (other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement permitted pursuant to Section 5.4).

Party or Parties means the Company, Merger Sub and Parent.

11

Permitted Encumbrance means (a) any statutory liens for current Taxes not yet due and payable or for Taxes that are being contested in good faith by the appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been made on the Company Balance Sheet or the Parent Balance Sheet, as applicable, in accordance with GAAP, (b) minor non-monetary liens that have arisen in the Ordinary Course of Business and that do not (in any case or in the aggregate) materially detract from the value of the assets subject thereto or materially impair the operations of the Company or Parent, as applicable, (c) statutory liens to secure obligations to landlords, lessors or renters under leases or rental agreements, (d) deposits or pledges made in connection with, or to secure payment of, workers compensation, unemployment insurance or similar programs mandated by Law, (e) statutory liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and materialmen, to secure claims for labor, materials or supplies for amounts that are not yet due and payable and (f) liens arising under applicable securities Law.

Person means any individual, Entity or Governmental Authority.

Personal Information means any data or information that constitutes personal information, personal data, personally identifiable information, protected health information, or any analogous term under applicable Law, including any such information that identifies, relates to, describes, is linked to, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with any identified or identifiable individual or household.

Privacy Laws mean, collectively, (a) all Laws governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, breach notification, data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of Personal Information, including any such legally binding requirements set forth in regulations and agreements containing consent orders published by regulatory authorities of competent jurisdiction such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Federal Communications Commission, and state data protection authorities, including HIPAA, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and U.S. state consumer protection and data breach notification Laws, and (b) any legally binding requirements of any self-regulatory organizations governing data privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, breach notification, data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of Personal Information.

Representatives means with respect to a Person, such Persons directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, advisors and other representatives.

Sarbanes-Oxley Act means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Split means either: (i) a reverse stock split of all outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock effected by Parent for the purpose of maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing standards or (ii) a forward split of all outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock effected by Parent, but the decision to do such Split shall be at the sole discretion of the Company for the purpose of adjusting the Exchange Ratio so that a certain number of Parent Common Stock is issued as part of the Merger Consideration, provided, however, the Company cannot effect a forward split if the per share stock price of the Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq at the Effective Time is less than $10 per share and such Split is reasonably likely to have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with the Contemplated Transactions .

Subsidiary means, with respect to an Entity, a Person if such Person directly or indirectly owns or purports to own, beneficially or of record, (a) an amount of voting securities or other interests in such Entity that is sufficient to enable such Person to elect at least a majority of the members of such entitys board of directors or other governing body or (b) at least 50% of the outstanding equity, voting, beneficial or financial interests in such Entity.

12

Tax Return means any return (including any information return), report, statement, declaration, claim or refund, estimate, schedule, notice, notification, form, election, certificate or other document or information, and any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing, filed or required to be filed with any Governmental Authority (or provided to a payee) in connection with the determination, assessment, collection or payment of any Tax or in connection with the administration, implementation or enforcement of or compliance with any Law relating to any Tax.

Tax means any U.S. federal, state, local, foreign or other tax, including any income tax, franchise tax, capital gains tax, gross receipts tax, value-added tax, surtax, estimated tax, employment tax, unemployment tax, national health insurance tax, environmental tax, excise tax, ad valorem tax, transfer tax, conveyance tax, stamp tax, sales tax, use tax, property tax, business tax, withholding tax, payroll tax, social security tax, customs duty, licenses tax, alternative or add-on minimum or other tax or similar charge, duty, levy, fee, tariff, impost, obligation or assessment in the nature of a tax (whether imposed directly or through withholding and whether or not disputed), and including any fine, penalty, addition to tax, interest or additional amount imposed by a Governmental Authority with respect thereto (or attributable to the nonpayment thereof).

Treasury Regulations means the United States Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code.

(b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term:

Terms 

Section

Agreement 

Preamble

Allocation Certificate 

6.13

Blackbox Operating 

Recital

Capitalization Date 

4.6(a)

Certificate of Merger 

2.3

Certifications 

4.7(a)

Closing 

2.3

Closing Date 

2.3

Company 

Preamble

Company 409A Plan 

3.17(d)

Company Audited Financial Statements 

6.1(e)

Company Balance Sheet 

3.7(a)

Company Board Recommendation 

6.2(c)

Company Financial Assurances 

4.19

Company Financials 

3.7(a)

Company Disclosure Letter 

Section 3

Company Interim Financial Statements 

6.1(e)

Company Material Contract 

3.13(a)

Company Material Contracts 

3.13(a)

Company Permits 

3.14(b)

Company Real Estate Leases 

3.11

13

Company Required S-4 Information 

6.1(d)

Company Stock Certificates 

2.7(b)

Company Stockholder Support Agreement 

Recital

Company Stockholder Written Consents 

6.2(a)

Constructive Issuance 

Recital

Costs 

6.5(a)

CVR 

2.13(a)

CVR Agreement 

2.13(a)

D&O Indemnified Parties 

6.5(a)

Dissenting Shares 

2.12(a)

Effective Time 

2.3

Employment Agreements 

6.16

Employment-Related Laws 

3.17(e)

End Date 

10.1(b)

Exchange Act 

2.13(b)

Exchange Agent 

2.7(a)

Financial Assurances 

4.19

Form S-4 

6.1(a)

GAAP 

3.7(a)

Incentive Plan 

6.17

Intended Tax Treatment 

2.10

Liability 

3.9

Lock-Up Agreement 

Recital

Lock-Up Agreements 

Recital

Merger 

Recital

Merger Consideration 

2.5(a)(ii)

Merger Sub 

Preamble

Nasdaq Fees 

6.7

Nasdaq Listing Application 

6.7

Option Agreement 

Recital

Ordinary Course Agreement 

3.16(g)

Parent 

Preamble

Parent 409A Plan 

4.17(g)

Parent Board Recommendation 

6.3(b)

Parent Charter Amendment 

2.4(a)(iv)

Parent Disclosure Letter 

Section 4

Parent Grant Date 

4.6(f)

Parent Material Contract 

4.13(a)

Parent Material Contracts 

4.13(a)

Parent Permits 

4.14(b)

Parent Real Estate Leases 

4.11

Parent SEC Documents 

4.7(a)

Parent Series A Stock 

Recital

14

Parent Stock Plans 

4.6(c)

Parent Stockholder Matters 

6.3(a)

Parent Stockholder Meeting 

6.3(a)

Parent Stockholder Support Agreement 

Recital

Pre-Closing Period 

5.1(a)

Privacy Policies 

4.24

Proxy Statement 

6.1(a)

Registration Statement 

6.1(a)

Required Company Stockholder Vote 

3.4

Required Parent Stockholder Vote 

4.4

SEC Documents 

6.14

Stock Purchase Agreement 

Recital

Stockholder Notice 

6.2(b)

Surviving Corporation 

2.1

Tax Certificates 

6.8(c)

Transaction Litigation 

6.4(e)

WARN Act 

3.17(e)

1.2 Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. References to Sections, Exhibits and Schedules are to Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit or Schedule but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall include masculine and feminine gender. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. The word or is not exclusive. Writing, written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or Contract (except for references to any agreements or Contracts listed on the Parent Disclosure Letter or Company Disclosure Letter) are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The Exhibits to this Agreement, the Parent Disclosure Letter and the Company Disclosure Letter are integral parts of the interpretation of this Agreement, but only Exhibit C (including Exhibit A to such Exhibit) is incorporated by reference and made a part hereof for purposes of Section 92A.100 of the NRS. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References to any statute are to that statute and to the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended, modified, re-enacted thereof, substituted, from time to time. References to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States. All accounting terms used herein will be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder will be made, in accordance with GAAP unless otherwise expressly specified. References from or through any date shall mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. All references to days shall be to calendar days unless otherwise indicated as a Business Day. Except as otherwise specifically indicated, for purposes of measuring the beginning and ending of time periods in this Agreement (including for purposes of Business Day and for hours in a day or Business Day), the time at which a thing, occurrence or event shall begin or end shall be deemed to occur in the Eastern time zone of the United States. The Parties agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. The Parties agree that the Company Disclosure Letter or Parent Disclosure Letter shall be arranged in sections and subsections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections and subsections contained in Section3 or Section4, respectively. The disclosures in any section or subsection of the Company Disclosure Letter or the Parent Disclosure Letter shall qualify other sections and subsections in Section3 or Section4, respectively, to the extent it is readily apparent from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to such other sections and subsections. The words delivered or made available mean, with respect to any documentation, that prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the day prior to the date of this Agreement, a copy of such material has been (a) posted to and continuously made available by a Party to the other Party and its Representatives in the electronic data room maintained by such disclosing Party for the purposes of the Contemplated Transactions or (b) delivered by or on behalf of a Party or its Representatives to the other Party or its Representatives via electronic mail or in hard copy form prior to the execution of this Agreement.

15

Section 2. Description of Transaction

2.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, and the separate existence of Merger Sub shall cease. The Company will continue as the surviving corporation in the Merger (the Surviving Corporation).

2.2 Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the NRS. As a result of the Merger, the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

2.3 Closing; Effective Time. Unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.1, and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section7, Section8 and Section9, the consummation of the Merger (the Closing) shall take place remotely, as promptly as practicable (but in no event later than the second (2nd) Business Day following the satisfaction or waiver of the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions set forth in Section7, Section8 and Section9, other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of such conditions), or at such other time, date and place as Parent and the Company may mutually agree in writing. The date on which the Closing actually takes place is referred to as the Closing Date. At the Closing, the Parties shall cause the Merger to be consummated by executing and filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a certificate of merger with respect to the Merger, satisfying the applicable requirements of the NRS and in form and substance attached hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein by reference (the Certificate of Merger) and the Certificate of Designation. The Merger shall become effective at the time of the filing of such Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada or at such later time as may be specified in such Certificate of Merger with the consent of Parent and the Company (the time as of which the Merger becomes effective being referred to as the Effective Time).

2.4 Organizational Documents; Directors and Officers.

(a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent will file the Certificate of Designation in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit G with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada.

16

(b) At the Effective Time:

(i) The certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated in the Merger to read as set forth on Exhibit A to the Certificate of Merger, until thereafter amended as provided by the NRS and such certificate of incorporation; however, at the Closing (as part of the Certificate of Merger), the certificate of incorporation shall be amended to change the name of the Surviving Corporation to REalloys Solutions, Inc. and to make such other changes as are mutually agreed to by Parent and the Company;

(ii) The bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be identical to the bylaws of the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, until thereafter amended as provided by the NRS and such bylaws; and

(iii) The directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, shall be such persons as shall be mutually agreed upon by Parent and the Company.

(iv) The certificate of incorporation of Parent shall be identical to the certificate of incorporation of Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time, until thereafter amended as provided by the NRS and such certificate of incorporation; provided, however, that at the Effective Time, Parent shall file an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to (i) change the name of Parent to REalloys Inc., (ii) effect the Split (to the extent applicable and necessary or desired), (iii) increase the number of shares of Parent Common Stock that Parent is authorized to issue to a number mutually agreed between Parent and the Company, and (iv) make such other changes as are mutually agreeable to Parent and the Company (such amendment, the Parent Charter Amendment);

(v) The directors and officers of Parent, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Parent, shall be as set forth in Section6.10; and

(vi) The directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of formation and bylaws of Merger Sub, shall be as set forth in Section6.10 after giving effect to the provisions of Section 6.10, or such other persons as shall be mutually agreed upon by Parent and the Company.

2.5 Conversion of Company, Merger Sub Equity Securities.

(a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any further action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any stockholder of the Company or Parent:

(i) any shares of Company Capital Stock held as treasury stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor;

(ii) subject to Section2.5(c), (A) each share of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (excluding shares of Company Capital Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section2.5(a)(i) and excluding Dissenting Shares) shall be converted solely into the right to receive a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio;

(iii) subject to Section2.5(c), (A) each share of Company Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted solely into the right to receive a number of shares of Parent Series C Preferred Stock at a ratio of 1 Company Preferred Stock to 1 Parent Series C Preferred Stock;

17

(iv) Each Acquisition Warrant that is outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted solely into the right to receive a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the cash amount set forth in such Acquisition Warrant divided by the per share stock price of the Parent on Nasdaq at the Effective Time. In addition, promptly after the date of this Agreement, and in any event within twenty days before the Effective Time, Company shall deliver notice to all holders of Acquisition Warrants setting forth such holders rights pursuant to this Agreement;

(v) Each Company SAFE that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted solely into the right to receive a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Purchase Amount (as set forth in such Company SAFE) divided by the per share stock price of the Parent on Nasdaq at the Effective Time; the shares of Parent Common Stock issued and/or issuable pursuant to this Section 2.5(a), shall collectively be referred to as the Merger Consideration).

(b) If any shares of Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option or a risk of forfeiture under any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other similar agreement with the Company, then the shares of Parent Capital Stock issued in exchange for such shares of Company Capital Stock will to the same extent be unvested and subject to the same repurchase option or risk of forfeiture, and such shares of Parent Capital Stock shall accordingly be marked with appropriate legends. The Company shall take all actions that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the Effective Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or other right set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement.

(c) No fractional shares of Parent Capital Stock shall be issued in connection with the Merger, and no certificates or scrip for any such fractional shares shall be issued. Any holder of Company Capital Stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Capital Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Capital issuable to such holder) shall receive from Parent, in lieu of such fractional share and upon surrender by such holder of a letter of transmittal in accordance with Section 2.8 and any accompanying documents as required therein: (i) one share of Parent Capital Stock if the aggregate amount of fractional shares of Parent Capital Stock such holder of Company Capital Stock would otherwise be entitled to is equal to or exceeds 0.50; or (ii) no shares of Parent Capital Stock if the aggregate amount of fractional shares of Parent Capital Stock such holder of Company Capital Stock would otherwise be entitled to is less than 0.50, with no cash being paid for any fractional share eliminated by such rounding.

(d) If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding Company Capital Stock or Parent Capital Stock shall have been changed into, or exchanged for, a different number of shares or a different class, by reason of any stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split (including the Split to the extent such split has not previously been taken into account in calculating the Exchange Ratio), combination or exchange of shares or other like change, the Exchange Ratio shall, to the extent necessary, be equitably adjusted to reflect such change to the extent necessary to provide the holders of Company Capital Stock and Parent Capital Stock with the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination or exchange of shares or other like change; provided, however, that nothing herein will be construed to permit the Company or Parent to take any action with respect to Company Capital Stock or Parent Capital Stock, respectively, that is prohibited or not expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

18

2.6 Closing of the Companys Transfer Books. At the Effective Time: (a) all Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be treated in accordance with Section2.5(a), and all holders of certificates representing Company Capital Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights as stockholders of the Company and (b) the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed with respect to all Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. No further transfer of any such Company Capital Stock shall be made on such stock transfer books after the Effective Time.

2.7 Surrender of Company Capital Stock.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, Parent and the Company shall jointly select a reputable bank, transfer agent or trust company to act as exchange agent in the Merger (the Exchange Agent). At the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent evidence of book-entry shares representing the shares of Parent Capital Stock issuable pursuant to Section2.5(a) in exchange for Company Capital Stock.

(b) Promptly after the Effective Time, the Parties shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to the Persons who were record holders of shares of Company Capital Stock that were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration: (i) a letter of transmittal in customary form and containing such provisions as Parent may reasonably specify (including a provision confirming that delivery of physical stock certificates representing shares of Company Capital Stock, (the Company Stock Certificates) shall be effected, and risk of loss and title shall pass, only upon delivery of such Company Stock Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of Company Stock Certificates, or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock, in exchange for book-entry shares of Parent Capital Stock. Upon surrender of a Company Stock Certificate or other reasonable evidence of the ownership of uncertificated Company Capital Stock to the Exchange Agent for exchange, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal and such other documents as may be reasonably required by the Exchange Agent or Parent: (A) the holder of such Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor book-entry shares representing the Merger Consideration (in a number of whole shares of Parent Capital Stock) that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of Section2.5(a) and Section 2.5(c) and (B) the Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock so surrendered shall be canceled. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section2.7(b), each Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock shall be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to represent only the right to receive book-entry shares of Parent Capital Stock representing the Merger Consideration. If any Company Stock Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the delivery of any shares of Parent Capital Stock, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Company Stock Certificate to provide an applicable affidavit with respect to such Company Stock Certificate and post a bond indemnifying Parent against any claim suffered by Parent related to the lost, stolen or destroyed Company Stock Certificate or any Parent Capital Stock issued in exchange therefor as Parent may reasonably request.

(c) No dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to Parent Capital Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Company Stock Certificate with respect to the shares of Parent Capital Stock that such holder has the right to receive in the Merger until such holder surrenders such Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock or provides an affidavit of loss or destruction in lieu thereof in accordance with this Section2.7 (at which time such holder shall be entitled, subject to the effect of applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Laws, to receive all such dividends and distributions, without interest).

19

(d) Any shares of Parent Capital Stock deposited with the Exchange Agent that remain undistributed to holders of Company Stock Certificates as of the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days after the Closing Date shall be delivered to Parent upon demand, and any holders of Company Stock Certificates who have not theretofore surrendered their Company Stock Certificates or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock in accordance with this Section2.7 shall thereafter look only to Parent for satisfaction of their claims for Parent Capital Stock and any dividends or distributions with respect to shares of Parent Capital Stock.

(e) No Person shall be liable to any holder of any Company Stock Certificate or uncertificated shares of Company Capital Stock or to any other Person with respect to any shares of Parent Capital Stock (or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) or for any cash amounts delivered to any public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property Law, escheat Law or similar Law.

2.8 [Reserved].

2.9 Further Action. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is determined by the Surviving Corporation to be necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession of and to all rights and property of the Company, then the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be fully authorized, and shall use their and its commercially reasonable efforts (in the name of the Company, in the name of Merger Sub, in the name of the Surviving Corporation and otherwise) to take such action.

2.10 Intended Tax Treatment. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income Tax purposes, the Merger is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code (the Intended Tax Treatment). The Parties adopt this Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3.

2.11 Withholding. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any Person such amounts as are required to be deducted or withheld from such consideration under applicable Law; provided that the Exchange Agent, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly notify such Persons of any intention to withhold any portion of such consideration and cooperate with such Persons to reduce or eliminate any such withholding to the extent permitted by applicable Law. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld and remitted to the appropriate Governmental Authority, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. All payments made under this agreement that constitute compensation to employees for services for Tax purposes shall be made through the payroll of the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as applicable.

20

2.12 Appraisal Rights.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Company Common Stock that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of Company Common Stock owned by the Company as treasury shares) and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of adoption of this Agreement or consented thereto in writing and who has properly exercised appraisal rights of such shares in accordance with the applicable provisions of Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500 of the NRS (such shares of Company Common Stock being referred to collectively as the Dissenting Shares until such time as such holder fails to perfect or otherwise loses such holders appraisal rights under the NRS with respect to such shares) shall not be converted into a right to receive the Merger Consideration, but instead shall be entitled to only such rights as are granted by Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500 of the NRS; provided, however, that if, after the Effective Time, such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or loses such holders right to appraisal pursuant to Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500 of the NRS or if a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500 of the NRS, such holders Dissenting Shares shall be treated as if they had been converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 2.5, without interest thereon, upon surrender of the certificate formerly representing such Dissenting Shares or transfer of the book entry shares, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide Parent written notice of any demands received by the Company for appraisal of shares of Company Common Stock, any withdrawal of any such demand and any other demand, notice or instrument delivered to the Company prior to the Effective Time that relates to such demand, and Parent shall have the opportunity and right to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. Except with the prior written consent of Parent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, the Company shall not make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands.

2.13 Contingent Value Rights.

(a) Each holder of Parent Common Stock of record as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled to (i) one (1) contractual contingent value right (a CVR) issued by Parent, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the CVR Agreement in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto (the CVR Agreement), for each share of Parent Common Stock held by such holder.

(b) At or prior to the Closing, Parent each shall authorize and duly adopt, execute and deliver, and Parent will ensure that the Exchange Agent (in its capacity as Rights Agent (as defined in the CVR Agreements)) executes and delivers, the CVR Agreements, subject to any reasonable revisions to the CVR Agreements that are requested by the Exchange Agent (provided that such revisions are not, individually or in the aggregate, detrimental or adverse, taken as a whole, to any holder of a CVR). Parent shall cooperate, including by making changes to the forms of CVR Agreements, as necessary to ensure that the CVRs are not subject to registration under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any applicable state securities or blue sky laws.

(c) All costs and expenses of issuing, administering and fulfilling the CVRs and CVR Agreements will be borne by Blackbox Operating. To the extent any such costs are borne by Parent, they shall be one hundred percent (100%) reimbursed by Blackbox Operating.

Section 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company.

Except as set forth in the written disclosure document delivered by the Company to Parent (the Company Disclosure Letter) concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

3.1 Due Organization; Subsidiaries.

(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation or other legal entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has all necessary power and authority: (i) to conduct its business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted, (ii) to own or lease and use its property and assets in the manner in which its property and assets are currently owned or leased and used and (iii) to perform its obligations under all Contracts by which it is bound.

21

(b) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly licensed and qualified to do business, and is in good standing (to the extent applicable in such jurisdiction), under the Laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of its business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted requires such licensing or qualification other than in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified individually or in the aggregate would not be reasonably expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Except for as set forth in Section 3.1(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company is not and has never otherwise been, directly or indirectly, a party to, member of or participant in any partnership, joint venture or similar business entity. The Company has not agreed or is obligated to make, or is bound by any Contract under which it may become obligated to make, any future investment in or capital contribution to any other Entity. The Company has not, at any time, been a general partner of, or has otherwise been liable for any of the debts or other obligations of, any general partnership, limited partnership or other Entity.

(d) A true and complete list of all the Company Subsidiaries, together with the jurisdiction of incorporation of each Company Subsidiary and the percentage of the outstanding capital stock of each Company Subsidiary owned by the Company and each other Company Subsidiary, is set forth in Section 3.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, each Subsidiary of the Company that is owned directly or indirectly by the Company have been validly issued, were issued free of pre-emptive rights, are fully paid and non-assessable, and are free and clear of all Liens, including any restriction on the right to vote, sell, or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other equity or voting interests, except for any Liens: (A) imposed by applicable securities Laws; or (B) arising pursuant to the Organizational Documents of any non-wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company. Other than the Company Subsidiaries set forth in Section 3.1(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity or similar interest in, any other corporation, partnership, joint venture or business association or other entity.

3.2 Organizational Documents. The Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of the Company. The Company has delivered or made available to Parent a true and correct copy of the Organizational Documents of each of the Company's Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of its Organizational Documents in any material respect.

3.3 Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement. The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. The Company Board has (i) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (iii) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of the Company vote to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

22

3.4 Vote Required. The affirmative vote (or written consent) of the holders of at least 50.1% of the outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock (the Required Company Stockholder Vote) is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Company Capital Stock necessary to adopt and approve this Agreement and approve the Contemplated Transactions.

3.5 Non-Contravention; Consents.

(a) Subject to obtaining the Required Company Stockholder Vote, and the filing of the Certificate of Designation and Certificate of Merger required by the NRS (to the extent applicable), neither (x) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Company, nor (y) the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, will directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):

(i) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of any of the provisions of the Companys Organizational Documents or the Organizational Documents of any of its Subsidiaries;

(ii) contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of, or give any Governmental Authority or other Person the right to challenge the Contemplated Transactions or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, any Law or any Order by which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the assets owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is subject;

(iii) contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of any of the terms or requirements of, or give any Governmental Authority the right to revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate or modify, any Governmental Authorization that is held by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or that otherwise relates to the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the assets owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(iv) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or result in a default under, any provision of any Company Material Contract or any other material Contract to which any of its Subsidiaries is a party or otherwise bound as of the date hereof, or give any Person the right to: (A) declare a default or exercise any remedy under any such Contract, (B) any material payment, rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in delivery schedule under any such Contract, (C) accelerate the maturity or performance of any such Contract or (D) cancel, terminate or modify any term of any such Contract, except in the case of any nonmaterial breach, default, penalty or modification; or

(v) result in the imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or with respect to any asset owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except for Permitted Encumbrances).

(b) Except for (i) the Required Company Stockholder Vote, (ii) the filing of the Certificate of Designation and Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada pursuant to the NRS, and (iii) such consents, waivers, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable federal and state securities laws, the Company was not, is not, nor will it be required to make any filing with or give any notice to, or to obtain any Consent from, any Person in connection with (x) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or (y) the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

23

(c) No state takeover statute of similar Law applies or purports to apply to the Merger, this Agreement, the Company Stockholder Support Agreements or any of the Contemplated Transactions.

3.6 Capitalization.

(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock of which 100,000,000 shares have been issued and are outstanding as of the date hereof and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which, as of the date hereof, 1,000 shares have been issued and are outstanding (the Company Preferred Stock); (ii) $38,000,000 worth of warrants that shall automatically convert in Parent Common Stock after the Effective Time as set forth in Section 2.5(a)(iii) (the Acquisition Warrants); (iii) one warrant to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock issued as part of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement for the sale of Company Preferred Stock with an exercise price of $10.00 per Company Common Stock (the Preferred Stock Warrants, and together with the Acquisition Warrants the Company Warrants) and (iv) $2,820,000 worth of Simple Agreement for Future Equity that shall automatically convert into Parent Common Stock after the Effective Time as set forth in Section 2.5(a)(iv) (the Company SAFEs). The Company does not hold any shares of its capital stock in its treasury. As of the date of this Agreement, the Companys capital stock is held by the Persons and in the amounts set forth in Section3.6(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, which further sets forth for each such Person (i) the name of such Person and the number of shares held, (ii) the class and series of such shares, (iii) the number of the applicable book-entry positions representing such shares or the number of the certificate representing such shares, (iv) whether such Person is or has ever been an employee, and (v) the state of residence of such Person. There are no declared or accrued but unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of the Companys capital stock and the Company has never declared or paid any dividend or other distribution.

(b) All of the outstanding Company Capital Stock as set out in Section3.6(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter has been duly authorized and validly issued, and is fully paid and nonassessable and is free of any Encumbrances other than Encumbrances set forth in the Organizational Documents or under applicable securities Laws. None of the outstanding Company Capital Stock is entitled or subject to any preemptive right, right of participation, right of maintenance or any similar right and none of the outstanding Company Capital Stock is subject to any right of first refusal in favor of the Company. Except as contemplated herein, there is no Company Contract relating to the voting or registration of, or restricting any Person from purchasing, selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of (or granting any option or similar right with respect to), any Company Capital Stock. Except as set forth in Section 3.6(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company is not under any obligation, nor is it bound by any Contract pursuant to which it may become obligated, to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding Company Capital Stock or other securities.

(c) Except for the Company Stock Plans and except as set forth on Section3.6(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does not have any stock option plan or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement providing for any equity-based compensation for any Person. Section 3.6(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth the following information with respect to each Company Option outstanding as of the date hereof: (i) the name of the holder, (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option as of the date hereof, (iii) the exercise price of such Company Option, (iv) the date on which such Company Option was granted, (v) the applicable vesting schedule, including any acceleration provisions, (vi) the date on which such Company Option expires, and (vii) whether such Company Option is intended to be an incentive stock option (as defined in the Code) or a nonqualified stock option. The Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete copies of equity incentive plans pursuant to which the Company has equity-based awards, the forms of all award agreements evidencing such equity-based awards and evidence of board and stockholder approval of the Company Stock Plans and any amendments thereto.

24

(d) All outstanding Company Capital Stock and other securities of the Company has been issued and granted in compliance in all material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws and other applicable Law and (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable Contracts.

(e) The Company Capital Stock is uncertificated.

3.7 Financial Statements.

(a) Section3.7(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter includes true and complete copies of the Companys unaudited balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 (the Company Balance Sheets), together with related unaudited statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows, and notes thereto, of the Company for the fiscal years then ended (collectively, the Company Financials). The Company Financials (i) were prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except that the Company Financials may not have notes thereto and other presentation items that may be required by GAAP and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that are not reasonably expected to be material in amount) applied on a consistent basis unless otherwise noted therein throughout the periods indicated and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position and operating results of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated therein.

(b) The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements of the Company in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability of the Companys assets, (iii) access to the Companys assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for the Companys assets is compared with the existing assets at regular intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company maintains internal controls consistent with the practices of similarly situated private companies over financial reporting that provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes.

(c) Section3.7(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists, and the Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of the documentation creating or governing, all securitization transactions and off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(c) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) effected by the Company.

(d) There have been no formal internal investigations regarding financial reporting or accounting policies and practices discussed with, reviewed by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer or chief financial officer of the Company, the Company Board or any committee thereof. Neither the Company nor its independent auditors have identified (i) any significant deficiency or material weakness in the design or operation of the system of internal accounting controls utilized by the Company, (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves the Company, the Companys management or other employees who have a role in the preparation of financial statements or the internal accounting controls utilized by the Company or (iii) any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing.

25

3.8 Absence of Changes. Except as set forth on Section3.8 of the Company Disclosure Letter, between the date of incorporation and the date of this Agreement, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have conducted their business only in the Ordinary Course of Business (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto) and there has not been any (a) Company Material Adverse Effect or (b) action, event or occurrence that would have required consent of Parent pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement had such action, event or occurrence taken place after the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

3.9 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Since the date of incorporation, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability, indebtedness, obligation, expense, claim, deficiency, guaranty or endorsement of any kind, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, matured, unmatured or otherwise (each a Liability), except for: (a) Liabilities disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the Company Financials, (b) normal and recurring current Liabilities that have been incurred by the Company since the date of the Company Balance Sheet in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of which relates to any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement or violation of Law), (c) Liabilities for performance of obligations of the Company under Company Contracts, (d) Liabilities incurred in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, (e) Liabilities described in Section3.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter and (f) those Liabilities that are not material to the Company.

3.10 Title to Assets. The Company owns and has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all tangible properties or tangible assets and equipment used or held for use in its business or operations or purported to be owned by it, including: (a) all tangible assets reflected on the Company Balance Sheet and (b) all other tangible assets reflected in the books and records of the Company as being owned by the Company. All of such assets are owned or, in the case of leased assets, leased by the Company free and clear of any Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

3.11 Real Property; Leasehold. The Company does not own and has never owned any real property, nor is the Company party to any agreement to purchase or sell any real property. The Company has made available to Parent in Section 3.11 of the Company Disclosure Letter (a) an accurate and complete list of all real properties with respect to which the Company directly or indirectly holds a valid leasehold interest, concession or other rights as well as any other real estate that is in the possession of or leased by the Company and (b) copies of all leases or other Contracts under which any such real property, concession or rights therein is possessed (collectively, the CompanyReal Estate Leases), each of which is in full force and effect, with no existing material default thereunder by the Company or to the Companys Knowledge, the other party thereto.

3.12 Intellectual Property. To the Knowledge of the Company, no trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by the Company conflicts or interferes with any trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by any other Person. None of the goodwill associated with or inherent in any trademark (whether registered or unregistered) in which the Company has or purports to have an ownership interest has been impaired as determined by the Company in accordance with GAAP.

3.13 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.

(a) Section3.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists the following Company Contracts in effect as of the date of this Agreement (each, a Company Material Contract and collectively, the Company Material Contracts):

(i) each Company Contract relating to capital expenditures and requiring payments after the date of this Agreement in excess of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) pursuant to its express terms and not cancelable without penalty;

26

(ii) each Company Contract relating to the disposition or acquisition of material assets or any ownership interest in any Entity, in each case, involving payments in excess of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) after the date of this Agreement;

(iii) each Company Contract relating to any mortgages, indentures, loans, notes, credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit in excess of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) or creating any material Encumbrances with respect to any assets of the Company or any loans or debt obligations with officers or directors of the Company;

(iv) each Company Contract requiring payment by or to the Company after the date of this Agreement in excess of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) pursuant to its express terms relating to: (A) any distribution agreement (identifying any that contain exclusivity provisions), (B) any agreement involving provision of services or products with respect to any pre-clinical or clinical development activities of the Company, (C) any dealer, distributor, joint marketing, alliance, joint venture, cooperation, development or other agreement currently in force under which the Company has continuing obligations to develop or market any product, technology or service, or any agreement pursuant to which the Company has continuing obligations to develop any Intellectual Property that will not be owned, in whole or in part, by the Company or (D) any Contract to license any patent, trademark registration, service mark registration, trade name or copyright registration to or from any third party to manufacture or produce any product, service or technology of the Company or any Contract to sell, distribute or commercialize any products or service of the Company, in each case, except for Company Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(v) each Company Contract with any Person, including any financial advisor, broker, finder, investment banker or other Person, providing advisory services to the Company in connection with the Contemplated Transactions;

(vi) each Company Contract to which the Company is a party or by which any of its assets and properties is currently bound, which involves annual obligations of payment by, or annual payments to, the Company in excess of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000);

(vii) each Company Contract entered into in settlement of any Legal Proceeding or other dispute pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding obligations to pay consideration in excess of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000);

(viii) any other Company Contract that is not terminable at will (with no penalty or payment) by the Company, and (A) which involves payment or receipt by the Company after the date of this Agreement under any such agreement, contract or commitment of more than two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000)in the aggregate, or obligations after the date of this Agreement in excess of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) in the aggregate or (B) that is material to the business or operations of the Company taken as a whole; or

(ix) any Contract which is not otherwise described in clauses (i)-(ix) above that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

27

(b) The Company has delivered or made available to Parent accurate and complete copies of all Company Material Contracts, including all amendments thereto. There are no Company Material Contracts that are not in written form. The Company has not, nor to the Companys Knowledge, as of the date of this Agreement has any other party to a Company Material Contract, breached, violated or defaulted under, or received notice that it breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or conditions of any Company Material Contract in such a manner, and, if such Company Material Contract provides for a cure period, the Company or such other party fails to have cured such breach, violation or default, so that any other party or the Company, as the case may be, is permitted to modify, cancel or terminate any such Company Material Contract, or would permit any other party to seek damages which would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. As to the Company, as of the date of this Agreement, each Company Material Contract is valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. No Person is renegotiating, or has a right pursuant to the terms of any Company Material Contract to change, any material amount paid or payable to the Company under any Company Material Contract or any other material term or provision of any Company Material Contract.

3.14 Compliance; Permits; Restrictions.

(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are and have been in material compliance with all applicable Laws. No investigation, claim, suit, proceeding, audit, Order or other Legal Proceeding or action by any Governmental Authority is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or of its Subsidiaries. There is no agreement or Order binding upon the Company or of its Subsidiaries which (i) has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of the Company or of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of material property by the Company or of its Subsidiaries or the conduct of business by the Company or of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, (ii) is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the Companys or of its Subsidiaries ability to comply with or perform any covenant or obligation under this Agreement or (iii) is reasonably likely to have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with the Contemplated Transactions.

(b) the Company and its Subsidiaries hold all required Governmental Authorizations for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted (the Company Permits). The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with the terms of the Company Permits. No Legal Proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, which seeks to revoke, substantially limit, suspend or materially modify any Company Permit. The rights and benefits of each Company Permit will be available to the Surviving Corporation or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, immediately after the Effective Time on terms substantially identical to those enjoyed by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement and immediately prior to the Effective Time.

3.15 Legal Proceedings; Orders.

(a) There is no pending Legal Proceeding and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has threatened in writing to commence any Legal Proceeding: (i) that involves the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Company Associate (in his or her capacity as such) or any of the material assets owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) that challenges, or that may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with, the Contemplated Transactions.

(b) There is no Order to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the material assets owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is subject. To the Knowledge of the Company, no officer or Company Key Employee is subject to any Order that prohibits such officer or Company Key Employee from engaging in or continuing in any conduct, activity or practice relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any material assets owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

28

3.16 Tax Matters.

(a) Except as set forth in Section 3.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed (or caused to be timely filed) all income Tax Returns and all other material Tax Returns required to be filed by them under applicable Law (taking into account any applicable extensions). All such Tax Returns were true, correct and complete in all material respects. Subject to exceptions as would not be material, no claim has been made by a Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(b) All material amounts of Taxes due and owing by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid (taking into account any applicable extensions).

(c) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has withheld and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or other third party.

(d) There are no Encumbrances for a material amount of Taxes (other Encumbrances described in clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances) upon any of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) No deficiencies for a material amount of Taxes with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been claimed, proposed or assessed by any Governmental Authority in writing that have not been timely paid in full. There are no pending (or, based on written notice, threatened) material audits, assessments, examinations or other actions for or relating to any liability in respect of Taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted a waiver of any statute of limitations in respect of a material amount of Taxes or an extension of time with respect to a material Tax assessment or deficiency that, in each case, is currently in effect.

(f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code in the last five (5) years.

(g) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax allocation, Tax sharing or similar agreement (including indemnity arrangements), other than customary commercial Contracts entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business the primary purpose of which does not relate to Tax (an Ordinary Course Agreement).

(h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common parent of which is the Company). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has Liability for the Taxes of any Person under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, or by Contract (other than an Ordinary Course Agreement).

29

(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has distributed stock of another Person, or has had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 of the Code or Section 361 of the Code.

(j) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any transaction identified as a listed transaction for purposes of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.6011-4(b)(2) or 301.6111-2(b)(2).

(k) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any facts or circumstances and has not taken or agreed to take any action, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

3.17 Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans.

(a) Each Company Employee Plan has been established, maintained and operated in compliance, in all material respects, with its terms all applicable Law, including, without limitation, the Code, ERISA and the Affordable Care Act. No Legal Proceeding (other than those relating to routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to any Company Employee Plan. All payments and/or contributions required to have been made with respect to all Company Employee Plans either have been made or have been accrued in accordance with the terms of the applicable Company Employee Plan and applicable Law.

(b) Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to, or has, in the past six (6) years, maintained, contributed to or been required to contribute to (i) any employee benefit plan that is or was subject to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (ii) a Multiemployer Plan, (iii) any funded welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 419 of the Code, (iv) any Multiple Employer Plan, or (v) any Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangement. Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has ever incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA.

(c) No Company Employee Plan provides for medical or other welfare benefits to any service provider beyond termination of service or retirement, other than (1) pursuant to COBRA or an analogous state law requirement or (2) continuation coverage through the end of the month in which such termination or retirement occurs. The Company does not sponsor or maintain any self-funded medical or long-term disability benefit plan.

(d) Each Company Employee Plan that constitutes in any part a nonqualified deferred compensation plan (as such term is defined under Section 409A(d)(1) of the Code and the guidance thereunder) (each, a Company409A Plan) has been operated and maintained in all material respects in operational and documentary compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the applicable guidance thereunder.

(e) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is, and has been, in material compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations respecting employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, worker classification, tax withholding, prohibited discrimination, retaliation and harassment, equal employment, fair employment practices, meal and rest periods, immigration status, employee and workplace safety and health, wages (including overtime wages), compensation, hours of work, plant closings and mass layoffs within the meaning of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act of 1988 or similar state or local law (the WARN Act), labor practices or disputes, restrictive covenants, employment agreements, workers compensation and long-term disability policies, leaves of absence and worker privacy (collectively, Employment-Related Laws). To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no material, pending, threatened in writing, or reasonably anticipated claims or actions against the Company, any trustee or any trustee of any Subsidiary of the Company under any workers compensation policy or long-term disability policy. The Company is not a party to a conciliation agreement, consent decree or other agreement or Order with any federal, state or local agency or Governmental Authority with respect to employment practices.

30

(f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material liability with respect to any misclassification within the last three (3) years of: (i) any Person as an independent contractor rather than as an employee, (ii) any employee leased from another employer or (iii) any employee currently or formerly classified as exempt from overtime wages.

(g) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, nor has the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries been, engaged in any material unfair labor practice within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. There is no material Legal Proceeding, claim, labor dispute or grievance pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened or reasonably anticipated relating to any employment contract, privacy right, labor dispute, wages and hours, leave of absence, plant closing notification, workers compensation policy, long-term disability policy, harassment, retaliation, immigration, employment statute or regulation, safety or discrimination matter involving any current or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries including charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints.

(h) There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any of its employees or other service providers for any income or excise taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 or Section 409A of the Code.

(i) Except as set forth in Section 3.17(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contract that as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the stockholder approval of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, could (either alone or in conjunction with any other event) result in, or cause the accelerated vesting, payment, funding or delivery of any payment or benefit to any employee, officer, director or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.18 Environmental Matters. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Environmental Laws, which compliance includes the possession by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries of all permits and other Governmental Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws and compliance with the terms and conditions thereof, except for any failure to be in compliance that, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.19 Mining; Financial Assurances.Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect: (i) the Company, its Subsidiaries and each of their Affiliates have, in the amounts and forms required, obtained or provided or posted all deposits, bonds, sureties, letters of credit, trust funds, bid bonds, performance bonds, reclamation bonds, guarantees, indemnity agreements and other financial assurances (collectively, Financial Assurances) as are (A) required under any applicable Permit of the Company and its Subsidiaries, Mining Safety Laws or Environmental Laws in connection with the Company and its Subsidiaries business for reclamation and mine closure, including for land, water or other natural resources at any Company Real Property, or otherwise or (B) otherwise required or maintained in connection with the Company or its Subsidiaries business (collectively, the Company Financial Assurances); (ii) the consummation by the Company of the Contemplated Transactions will not (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) violate, conflict with or result in the breach or termination of, or otherwise give any other Person the right to terminate, or constitute a default, event of default or an event that would constitute a default or event of default under the terms of, any Company Financial Assurance; and (iii) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Financial Assurances posted by each of the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with its respective obligations.

31

3.20 Insurance. Each of the Companies insurance policies are in full force and effect and the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with the terms thereof.

3.21 No Financial Advisors. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage fee, finders fee, opinion fee, success fee, transaction fee or other fee or commission in connection with the Contemplated Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.22 Transactions with Affiliates. Section3.22 of the Company Disclosure Letter describes any material transactions or relationships between, on one hand, the Company and, on the other hand, any (a) executive officer or director of the Company or any of such executive officers or directors immediate family members, (b) owner of more than five percent (5%) of the voting power of the outstanding Company Capital Stock or (c) to the Knowledge of the Company, any related person (within the meaning of Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act) of any such officer, director or owner (other than the Company) in the case of each of (a), (b) or (c) that is of the type that would be required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

3.23 Ownership of Parent Capital Stock. None of the Company or any of their directors, officers, or Affiliates or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates, any employees of the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates (a) has owned any shares of Parents capital stock; or (b) has been an interested stockholder (as defined in Section 78.423 of the NRS) of Parent, in each case during the three (3) years prior to the date hereof.

3.24 No Other Representations or Warranties. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, neither Parent nor any other person on behalf of Parent makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent or with respect to any other information provided to the Company, any of its stockholders or any of their respective Affiliates in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, and (subject to the express representations and warranties of Parent set forth in Section4 (in each case as qualified and limited by the Parent Disclosure Letter)) none of the Company, or any of its Representatives or stockholders, has relied on any such information (including the accuracy or completeness thereof).

Section 4. Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.

Except (i) as set forth in the written disclosure document delivered by Parent to the Company (the Parent Disclosure Letter) concurrently with the execution of this Agreement or (ii) as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof and publicly available on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval system (but (A) without giving effect to any amendment thereof filed with, or furnished to the SEC on or after the date hereof and (B) excluding any disclosures contained under the heading Risk Factors and any disclosure of risks included in any forward-looking statements disclaimer or in any other section to the extent they are forward-looking statements or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), it being understood that any matter disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents shall be deemed to be disclosed in a section of the Parent Disclosure Letter only to the extent that is readily apparent from a reading of such Parent SEC Documents that is applicable to such section or subsection of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent and Merger Sub represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

32

4.1 Due Organization; Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Section 4.1 of the Parent Disclosure Letter:

(a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly incorporated or formed, as applicable, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, as applicable, and has all necessary corporate power and authority: (i) to conduct its business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted, (ii) to own or lease and use its property and assets in the manner in which its property and assets are currently owned or leased and used and (iii) to perform its obligations under all Contracts by which it is bound. Since the date of its incorporation, Merger Sub has not engaged in any activities other than in connection with or as contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries is licensed and qualified to do business, and is in good standing (to the extent applicable in such jurisdiction), under the Laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of its business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted requires such licensing or qualification other than in jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified individually or in the aggregate would not be reasonably expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Parent has no Subsidiaries other than Blackbox Operating and Merger Sub and except as set forth on Section4.1(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent does not own any capital stock of, or any equity ownership or profit sharing interest of any nature in, or control directly or indirectly, any other Entity other than Merger Sub. Except as set forth on Section4.1(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent is not and has not otherwise been, directly or indirectly, a party to, member of or participant in any partnership, joint venture or similar business entity. Parent has not agreed and is not obligated to make, nor is Parent bound by any Contract under which it may become obligated to make, any future investment in or capital contribution to any other Entity. Parent has not, at any time, been a general partner of, and has not otherwise been liable for any of the debts or other obligations of, any general partnership, limited partnership or other Entity.

4.2 Organizational Documents. Parent has made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of Parents Organizational Documents. Parent is not in breach or violation of its Organizational Documents in any material respect.

4.3 Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement. Parent and Merger Sub have all necessary corporate power and authority to enter into and to perform their obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. The Parent Board has: (a) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders, (b) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, including the issuance of shares of Parent Capital Stock to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (c) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholders of Parent vote to approve the Contemplated Transactions, and, if deemed necessary by Parent and the Company, the amendment to the certificate of incorporation of the Parent to (i) change the name of Parent to REalloys Inc., (ii) effect the Split, (iii) authorize the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, (iv) approve the Incentive Plan and (v) make such other changes as are mutually agreeable to Parent and the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Merger Sub Board (by unanimous written consent) has: (x) determined that the Contemplated Transactions are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Merger Sub and its sole stockholder, (y) deemed advisable and approved this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and (z) determined to recommend, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that the stockholder of Merger Sub vote to adopt this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company and the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

33

4.4 Vote Required. Assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, the affirmative vote (or written consent) of a majority of the shares of Parent Capital Stock properly cast at the Parent Stockholder Meeting, voting as a single class, is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Parents capital stock necessary to approve this Agreement and thereby approve the Contemplated Transactions and clause (i) of the definition of Parent Charter Amendment, and the affirmative vote (or written consent) of a majority of the shares of Parent Capital Stock and the Parent Common Stock, voting separately as a class, is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Parents capital stock necessary to approve clauses (ii) and (iii) of the definition of Parent Charter Amendment (collectively, the Required Parent Stockholder Vote).

4.5 Non-Contravention; Consents.

(a) Subject to obtaining the Required Parent Stockholder Vote and any Nasdaq approvals contemplated under this Agreement, and the filing of the Certificate of Designation and Certificate of Merger required by the NRS, and assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, neither (x) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub, nor (y) the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions, will directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):

(i) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of any of the provisions of the Organizational Documents of Parent or its Subsidiaries;

(ii) contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of, or give any Governmental Authority or other Person the right to challenge the Contemplated Transactions or to exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, any Law or any Order to which Parent or its Subsidiaries or any of the assets owned or used by Parent or its Subsidiaries, is subject;

(iii) contravene, conflict with or result in a material violation of any of the terms or requirements of, or give any Governmental Authority the right to revoke, withdraw, suspend, cancel, terminate or modify, any Governmental Authorization that is held by Parent or its Subsidiaries or that otherwise relates to the business of Parent, or any of the assets owned, leased or used by Parent;

(iv) contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or result in a default under, any provision of any Parent Material Contract, or give any Person the right to: (A) declare a default or exercise any remedy under any Parent Material Contract, any material payment, rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in delivery schedule under any such Parent Material Contract, (B) accelerate the maturity or performance of any Parent Material Contract or (C) cancel, terminate or modify any term of any Parent Material Contract, except in the case of any nonmaterial breach, default, penalty or modification; or

(v) result in the imposition or creation of any Encumbrance upon or with respect to any asset owned or used by Parent or its Subsidiaries (except for Permitted Encumbrances).

34

(b) Except for (i) any Consent set forth on Section4.5(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter under any Parent Contract, (ii) the Required Parent Stockholder Vote, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Designation and Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada pursuant to the NRS, (iv) any Nasdaq approvals contemplated under this Agreement and (vi) such consents, waivers, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable federal and state securities laws, and assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries was, is or will be required to make any filing with or give any notice to, or to obtain any Consent from, any Person in connection with (x) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or (y) the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

(c) Assuming the accuracy of the representation in Section 3.23, the Parent Board and the Merger Sub Board have taken and will take all actions necessary to ensure that the restrictions applicable to business combinations contained in Section 78.438 of the NRS are, and will be, inapplicable to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and to the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions. No other state takeover statute or similar Law applies or purports to apply to the Merger, this Agreement or any of the other Contemplated Transactions.

4.6 Capitalization.

(a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of: (i) 100,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock of which 3,602,874 shares have been issued and are outstanding as of February 17, 2025 (the Capitalization Date) and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of Parent Preferred Stock, of which 5,000,000 have been designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 3,269,998 shares of Parent Series A Stock have been issued and are outstanding as of the Capitalization Date. Parent does not hold any shares of its capital stock in its treasury.

(b) All of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable and are free of any Encumbrances other than Encumbrances set forth in the Organizational Documents or under applicable securities Laws. None of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock is entitled or subject to any preemptive right, right of participation, right of maintenance or any similar right and none of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock is subject to any right of first refusal in favor of Parent. Except as contemplated herein or in the Parent SEC Documents, there is no Parent Contract relating to the voting or registration of, or restricting any Person from purchasing, selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of (or granting any option or similar right with respect to), any shares of Parent Common Stock. Parent is not under any obligation, nor is Parent bound by any Contract pursuant to which it may become obligated, to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock or other securities. Section4.6(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter accurately and completely describes all repurchase rights held by Parent with respect to shares of Parent Common Stock (including shares issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options) and specifies which of those repurchase rights are currently exercisable.

(c) Except for the Parent 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, (as may be amended from time to time, the Parent Stock Plan) and except as set forth on Section 4.6(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, Parent does not have any stock option plan or any other plan, program, agreement or arrangement providing for any equity-based compensation for any Person. Parent does not have any employee stock purchase plan or similar program. Section 4.6(c) of the Parent Disclosure Letter sets forth the following information with respect to each Parent Option outstanding as of the Capitalization Date, as applicable: (i) the name of the holder, (ii) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to such Parent Option as of the Capitalization Date, (iii) the exercise price of such Parent Option, (iv) the date on which such Parent Option was granted, (v) the applicable vesting schedule, including any acceleration provisions, (vi) the date on which such Parent Option expires, (vii) whether such Parent Option is intended to be an incentive stock option (as defined in the Code) or a nonqualified stock option and (viii) in the case of a Parent Option, the plan pursuant to which such Parent Option was granted. Parent has made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of equity incentive plans pursuant to which Parent has equity-based awards, the forms of all award agreements evidencing such equity-based awards and evidence of board and stockholder approval of the Parent Stock Plan and any amendments thereto.

35

(d) Except for the outstanding Parent Options or as set forth on Section4.6(d) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, there is no: (i) outstanding subscription, option, call, warrant or right (whether or not currently exercisable) to acquire any shares of the capital stock or other securities of Parent, (ii) outstanding security, instrument or obligation that is or may become convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of the capital stock or other securities of Parent, (iii) stockholder rights plan (or similar plan commonly referred to as a poison pill) or Contract under which Parent is or may become obligated to sell or otherwise issue any shares of its capital stock or any other securities or (iv) condition or circumstance that may give rise to or provide a basis for the assertion of a claim by any Person to the effect that such Person is entitled to acquire or receive any shares of capital stock or other securities of Parent. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation or other similar rights with respect to Parent.

(e) All outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Options, and other securities of Parent have been issued and granted in compliance in all material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws and other applicable Law and (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable Contracts.

(f) With respect to Parent Options granted pursuant to the Parent Stock Plans, (i) each grant of a Parent Option or Parent Restricted Stock Unit was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Parent Option was by its terms to be effective (the Parent Grant Date) by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the Parent Board (or a duly constituted and authorized committee thereof) or duly authorized officer and any required stockholder approval by the necessary number of votes or written consents, (ii) each Parent Option grant was made in accordance with the terms of the Parent Stock Plan pursuant to which it was granted and all other applicable Law and regulatory rules or requirements, and (iii) the per share exercise price of each Parent Option was not less than the fair market value of a share of Parent Common Stock on the applicable Parent Grant Date.

4.7 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a) Parent has filed or furnished, as applicable, on a timely basis all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act (the Parent SEC Documents) since January 1, 2023. As of the time it was filed with the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the Parent SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be) and as of the time they were filed, none of the Parent SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The certifications and statements required by (i) Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act and (ii) 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) relating to the Parent SEC Documents (collectively, the Certifications) are accurate and complete and comply as to form and content with all applicable Laws. As used in this Section4.7, the term file and variations thereof shall be broadly construed to include any manner in which a document or information is furnished, supplied or otherwise made available to the SEC.

36

(b) The financial statements (including any related notes) contained or incorporated by reference in the Parent SEC Documents: (i) complied as to form in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto, (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements or, in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that are not reasonably expected to be material in amount) applied on a consistent basis unless otherwise noted therein throughout the periods indicated and (iii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position of Parent as of the respective dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows of Parent for the periods covered thereby. Other than as expressly disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, there has been no material change in Parents accounting methods or principles that would be required to be disclosed in Parents financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The books of account and other financial records of Parent and each of its Subsidiaries are true and complete in all material respects.

(c) Parents auditor is: (i) a registered public accounting firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), (ii) to the Knowledge of Parent, independent with respect to Parent within the meaning of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act and (iii) to the Knowledge of Parent, in compliance with subsections (g) through (l) of Section 10A of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board thereunder.

(d) Except as set forth on Section 4.7(d) of the Parent Disclosure Letter or disclosed in Parent SEC Documents, Parent has not received any comment letter from the SEC or the staff thereof or any correspondence from Nasdaq or the staff thereof relating to the delisting or maintenance of listing of the Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq.

(e) There have been no formal internal investigations regarding financial reporting or accounting policies and practices discussed with, reviewed by or initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer, chief financial officer or general counsel of Parent, the Parent Board or any committee thereof, other than ordinary course audits or reviews of accounting policies and practices or internal controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(f) Except as set forth on Section 4.7(f) of the Parent Disclosure Letter or disclosed in Parent SEC Documents, Parent is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Exchange Act and the applicable listing and governance rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

(g) Parent maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that is sufficient to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that Parent maintains records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect Parents transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with the authorization policy and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Parents assets that could have a material effect on Parents financial statements. Parent has evaluated the effectiveness of Parents internal control over financial reporting and, to the extent required by applicable Law, presented in any applicable Parent SEC Document that is a report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q (or any amendment thereto) its conclusions about the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by such report or amendment based on such evaluation. Parent has disclosed to Parents auditors and the Audit Committee of the Parent Board (and made available to the Company a summary of the significant aspects of such disclosure) (A) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect Parents ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in Parents or its Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting. Except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, Parents internal control over financial reporting is effective at the reasonable assurance level and Parent has not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation of Parents internal control over financial reporting.

37

(h) Parents disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that all information (both financial and nonfinancial) required to be disclosed by Parent in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information is accumulated and communicated to Parents principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make the Certifications and such disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Parent has carried out evaluation of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act.

4.8 Absence of Changes. Except as set forth on Section4.8 of the Parent Disclosure Letter or disclosed in Parent SEC Documents, between December 31, 2023 and the date of this Agreement, Parent has conducted its business only in the Ordinary Course of Business (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto) and there has not been any (a) Parent Material Adverse Effect or (b) action, event or occurrence that would have required consent of the Company pursuant to Section 5.1(b) of this Agreement had such action, event or occurrence taken place after the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

4.9 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Since December 31, 2023, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any Liability of a type required to be reflected or reserved for on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP except for: (a) Liabilities disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the Parent Balance Sheet, (b) normal and recurring current Liabilities that have been incurred by Parent or its Subsidiaries since the date of the Parent Balance Sheet in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of which relates to any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement or violation of Law), (c) Liabilities for performance of obligations of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries under Parent Contracts, (d) Liabilities incurred in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, (e) Liabilities described in Section4.9 of the Parent Disclosure Letter (f) Liabilities disclosed in Parent SEC Documents and (g) those Liabilities that are not material to Parent.

4.10 Title to Assets. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries owns, and has good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all tangible properties or tangible assets and equipment used or held for use in its business or operations or purported to be owned by it, including: (a) all tangible assets reflected on the Parent Balance Sheet and (b) all other tangible assets reflected in the books and records of Parent as being owned by Parent. All of such assets are owned or, in the case of leased assets, leased by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries free and clear of any Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

4.11 Real Property; Leasehold. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or has ever owned any real property, nor is Parent party to any agreement to purchase or sell any real property. Parent has made available to the Company (a) an accurate and complete list of all real properties with respect to which Parent directly or indirectly holds a valid leasehold interest as well as any other real estate that is in the possession of or leased by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries and (b) copies of all leases under which any such real property is possessed (the ParentReal Estate Leases), each of which is in full force and effect, with no existing material default thereunder by Parent or its Subsidiaries or, to Parents Knowledge, the other party thereto.

38

4.12 Intellectual Property.

(a) As of the date of this Agreement, Parent is not a party to any Legal Proceeding (including, but not limited to, opposition, interference or other proceeding in any patent or other government office) contesting the validity, ownership or right to use, sell, offer for sale, license or dispose of any Parent IP Rights. Parent has not received any written notice asserting that any Parent Registered IP or the proposed use, sale, offer for sale, license or disposition of any products, methods or processes claimed or covered thereunder infringes or misappropriates or violates the rights of any other Person or that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries have otherwise infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property of any Person.

(b) To the Knowledge of Parent, no trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by Parent conflicts or interferes with any trademark (whether registered or unregistered) or trade name owned, used or applied for by any other Person except as would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. None of the goodwill associated with or inherent in any trademark (whether registered or unregistered) in which Parent has or purports to have an ownership interest has been impaired as determined by Parent in accordance with GAAP.

(c) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any Contract that, as a result of such execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, will cause the grant of any license or other right to any Parent IP Rights, result in breach of, default under or termination of such Contract with respect to any Parent IP Rights, or impair the right of Parent or the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to use, sell or license or enforce any Parent IP Rights or portion thereof, except for the occurrence of any such grant or impairment that would not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

4.13 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.

(a) Section4.13 of the Parent Disclosure Letter identifies each Parent Contract that is in effect as of the date of this Agreement (each, an Parent Material Contract and collectively, the Parent Material Contracts):

(i) each Contract requiring payments by Parent or Blackbox Operating after the date of this Agreement in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) pursuant to its express terms relating to the employment of, or the performance of employment-related services by, any Parent Associate providing employment-related, consulting or independent contractor services, not terminable by Parent on thirty (30) calendar days or less notice without liability;

(ii) each Parent Contract relating to any agreement or plan, including any option plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits of which will be increased or the vesting of benefits of which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the Contemplated Transactions (either alone or in conjunction with any other event, such as termination of employment), or the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the Contemplated Transactions;

39

(iii) each Parent Contract containing (A) any covenant limiting the freedom of Parent to engage in any line of business or compete with any Person, or limiting the development, manufacture or distribution of the Parents products or services (B) any most-favored pricing arrangement, (C) any exclusivity provision or (D) any non-solicitation provision;

(iv) each Parent Contract or contract of Blackbox Operating relating to capital expenditures and requiring payments after the date of this Agreement in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) pursuant to its express terms and not cancelable without penalty;

(v) each Parent Contract relating to the disposition or acquisition of material assets or any ownership interest in any Entity, in each case, involving payments in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) after the date of this Agreement;

(vi) each Parent Contract entered into in settlement of any Legal Proceeding or other dispute pursuant to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding obligations to pay consideration in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000);

(vii) each Parent Contract relating to any mortgages, indentures, loans, notes, credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) or creating any material Encumbrances with respect to any assets of Parent or any loans or debt obligations with officers or directors of Parent;

(viii) each Parent Contract requiring payment by or to Parent after the date of this Agreement in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) pursuant to its express terms;

(ix) each Parent Contract with any Person, including any financial advisor, broker, finder, investment banker or other Person, providing advisory services to Parent in connection with the Contemplated Transactions and requiring payments by Parent after the date in this Agreement in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) pursuant to its express terms;

(x) each Parent Contract to which Parent is a party or by which any of their assets and properties is currently bound (other than Parent Real Estate Leases), which involves annual obligations of payment by, or annual payments to, Parent in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000); or

(xi) any other Parent Contract that is not terminable at will (with no penalty or payment) by Parent, and (A) which involves payment or receipt by Parent after the date of this Agreement under any such agreement, contract or commitment of more than fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) in the aggregate, or obligations after the date of this Agreement in excess of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000) in the aggregate or (B) that is material to the business or operations of Parent taken as a whole.

(b) Parent has delivered or made available to the Company accurate and complete copies of all Parent Material Contracts, including all amendments thereto. There are no Parent Material Contracts that are not in written form. Parent has not nor, to Parents Knowledge as of the date of this Agreement, has any other party to a Parent Material Contract, breached, violated or defaulted under, or received notice that it breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or conditions of any Parent Material Contract in such a manner, and, if such Parent Material Contract provides for a cure period, Parent or such other party fails to have cured such breach, violation or default, so that any other party or Parent, as the case may be, is permitted to modify, cancel or terminate any such Parent Material Contract, or would permit any other party to seek damages which would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. As to Parent and its Subsidiaries, as of the date of this Agreement, each Parent Material Contract is valid, binding, enforceable and in full force and effect, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. No Person is renegotiating, or has a right pursuant to the terms of any Parent Material Contract to change, any material amount paid or payable to Parent under any Parent Material Contract or any other material term or provision of any Parent Material Contract.

40

4.14 Compliance; Permits; Restrictions.

(a) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries is, and since January 1, 2023, has been in compliance with all applicable Laws, except for such non-compliance that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. No investigation, claim, suit, proceeding, audit, Order or other action by any Governmental Authority is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. There is no agreement or Order binding upon Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which (i) has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of material property by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, (ii) is reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on Parents ability to comply with or perform any covenant or obligation under this Agreement or (iii) is reasonably likely to have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with the Contemplated Transactions.

(b) Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries holds all required Governmental Authorizations related to the operation of the business of Parent and Merger Sub as currently conducted (collectively, the Parent Permits), except for any Parent Permits for which the failure to obtain or hold would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Section4.14(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter identifies each Parent Permit. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with the terms of the Parent Permits. No Legal Proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened, which seeks to revoke, substantially limit, suspend or modify any Parent Permit, except for any such limitation, suspension or modification which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The rights and benefits of each Parent Permit, if any, will be available to Parent and Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time on terms substantially identical to those enjoyed by Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement and immediately prior to the Effective Time.

(c) The Parent is in compliance in all material respects with (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the economic sanctions regulations of the United States Treasury Departments Office of Foreign Assets Control (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto and/or administered by OFAC, and (ii) the Uniting And Strengthening America By Providing Appropriate Tools Required To Intercept And Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act of 2001) and regulations promulgated thereunder, as applicable.

(d) The operations of the Parent are and have been conducted at all times in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, federal, state or foreign anti-money laundering statutes, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar Applicable Laws, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity and no Proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Parent with respect to such laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened.

41

(e) The operations of the Parent are and have been conducted at all times in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable financial laws and regulations, including without limitation the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Credit Repair Organizations Act, Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Federal Trade Commission Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act, Telemarketing Sales Rule, federal securities laws, analogous or related state financial services and financial privacy laws, state insurance laws, state credit services organization laws and state debt management services laws.

4.15 Legal Proceedings; Orders.

(a) Except as set forth on Section4.15(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter or disclosed in Parent SEC Documents, there is no pending Legal Proceeding and, to the Knowledge of Parent, no Person has threatened in writing to commence any Legal Proceeding: (i) that involves Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Associate (in his or her capacity as such) or any of the material assets owned or used by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) that challenges, or that may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with, the Contemplated Transactions.

(b) There is no Order to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of the assets owned or used by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, which would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Parent, no officer or other Parent Key Employee or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any Order that prohibits such officer or employee from engaging in or continuing in any conduct, activity or practice relating to the business of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any material assets owned or used by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.16 Tax Matters. Except as set forth in Section 4.16 of the Parent Disclosure Letter:

(a) Each of Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed (or caused to be timely filed) all income Tax Returns and all other material Tax Returns required to be filed by it under applicable Law (taking into account any applicable extensions). All such Tax Returns were true, correct and complete in all material respects. Subject to exceptions as would not be material, no claim has been made by a Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where Parent or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(b) All material amounts of Taxes due and owing by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid (taking into account any applicable extensions).

(c) Each of Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has withheld and paid to the appropriate Governmental Authority all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or other third party.

(d) There are no Encumbrances for a material amount of Taxes (other Encumbrances described in clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances) upon any of the assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) No deficiencies for a material amount of Taxes with respect to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries have been claimed, proposed or assessed by any Governmental Authority in writing that have not been timely paid in full. There are no pending (or, based on written notice, threatened) material audits, assessments, examinations or other actions for or relating to any liability in respect of Taxes of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted a waiver of any statute of limitations in respect of a material amount of Taxes or an extension of time with respect to a material Tax assessment or deficiency that, in each case, is currently in effect.

42

(f) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax allocation, Tax sharing or similar agreement (including indemnity arrangements), other than Ordinary Course Agreements.

(g) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated group filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common parent of which is Parent). Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material Liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than Parent or its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, or by Contract (other than an Ordinary Course Agreement).

(h) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has distributed stock of another Person, or has had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 of the Code or Section 361 of the Code.

(i) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any transaction identified as a listed transaction for purposes of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.6011-4(b)(2) or 301.6111-2(b)(2).

(j) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any facts or circumstances or has taken or agreed to take any action, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

4.17 Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans.

(a) Parent is not a party to, bound by the terms of, and does not have a duty to bargain under, any collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with a labor organization representing any of its employees, and there are no labor organizations representing or, to the Knowledge of Parent, purporting to represent or seeking to represent any employees of Parent.

(b) Each Parent Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination or opinion letter with respect to such qualified status from the IRS. To the Knowledge of Parent, nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any such Parent Employee Plan or the exempt status of any related trust.

(c) Each Parent Employee Plan has been established, maintained and operated in compliance, in all material respects, with its terms all applicable Law, including, without limitation, the Code, ERISA and the Affordable Care Act. No Legal Proceeding (other than those relating to routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing with respect to any Parent Employee Plan. All payments and/or contributions required to have been made with respect to all Parent Employee Plans either have been made or have been accrued in accordance with the terms of the applicable Parent Employee Plan and applicable Law.

43

(d) Neither Parent nor any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to, or has, in the past six (6) years, maintained, contributed to or been required to contribute to (i) any employee benefit plan that is or was subject to Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (ii) a Multiemployer Plan, (iii) any funded welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 419 of the Code, (iv) any Multiple Employer Plan, or (v) any Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangement. Neither Parent nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has ever incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA.

(e) No Parent Employee Plan provides for medical or other welfare benefits to any service provider beyond termination of service or retirement, other than (1) pursuant to COBRA or an analogous state law requirement or (2) continuation coverage through the end of the month in which such termination or retirement occurs. Parent does not sponsor or maintain any self-funded medical or long-term disability benefit plan.

(f) No Parent Employee Plan is subject to any law of a foreign jurisdiction outside of the United States.

(g) Each Parent Employee Plan that constitutes in any part a nonqualified deferred compensation plan (as such term is defined under Section 409A(d)(1) of the Code and the guidance thereunder) (each, a Parent 409A Plan) has been operated and maintained in all material respects in operational and documentary compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the applicable guidance thereunder. No payment to be made under any Parent 409A Plan is or, when made in accordance with the terms of the Parent 409A Plan, will be subject to the penalties of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code.

(h) Parent is in material compliance with all Employment-Related Laws and in each case, with respect to the employees of Parent: (i) has withheld and reported all material amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld and reported with respect to wages, salaries and other payments to employees, (ii) is not liable for any material amounts of arrears of wages, severance pay or any Taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing and (iii) is not liable for any material payment to any trust or other fund governed by or maintained by or on behalf of any Governmental Authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for employees (other than routine payments to be made in the Ordinary Course of Business). There are no material Legal Proceedings, claims, labor disputes or organizing activities, or grievances pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened or reasonably anticipated against or involving Parent or any trustee of Parent relating to any employee, contingent worker, director, employment agreement or Parent Employee Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) or Employment-Related Laws. To the Knowledge of Parent, there are no material pending or threatened or reasonably anticipated claims or actions against Parent, any Parent trustee or any trustee of any Subsidiary of Parent under any workers compensation policy or long-term disability policy. Parent is not a party to a conciliation agreement, consent decree or other agreement or Order with any federal, state or local agency or Governmental Authority with respect to employment practices.

(i) Parent has no material liability with respect to any misclassification within the past three (3) years of: (i) any Person as an independent contractor rather than as an employee, (ii) any employee leased from another employer or (iii) any employee currently or formerly classified as exempt from overtime wages. Parent has not taken any action which would constitute a plant closing or mass layoff within the meaning of the WARN Act, issued any notification of a plant closing or mass layoff required by the WARN Act (nor has Parent been under any requirement or obligation to issue any such notification), or incurred any liability or obligation under the WARN Act that remains unsatisfied.

44

(j) Parent is not, nor has Parent been, engaged in any material unfair labor practice within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. There is no material Legal Proceeding, claim, labor dispute or grievance pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened or reasonably anticipated relating to any employment contract, privacy right, labor dispute, wages and hours, leave of absence, plant closing notification, workers compensation policy, long-term disability policy, harassment, retaliation, immigration, employment statute or regulation, safety or discrimination matter involving any current or former employee of Parent, including charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints.

(k) There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any of its employees or other service providers for any income or excise taxes paid pursuant to the Code, including, but not limited to, Section 4999 or Section 409A of the Code.

(l) Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contract that as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the stockholder approval of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, could (either alone or in conjunction with any other event) (i) result in the payment of any parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code or (ii) result in, or cause, the accelerated vesting, payment, funding or delivery of, or increase the amount or value of, any payment or benefit to any employee, officer, director or other service provider of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

4.18 Environmental Matters. Since January 1, 2023, Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Environmental Laws, which compliance includes the possession by Parent of all permits and other Governmental Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws and compliance with the terms and conditions thereof, except for any failure to be in compliance that, individually or in the aggregate, would not result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

4.19 [Reserved].

4.20 Insurance.Each of Parents and its Subsidiaries insurance policies is in full force and effect and Parent and its Subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) are in compliance in all material respects with the terms thereof.

4.21 Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth in the Parent SEC Documents filed prior to the date of this Agreement, since the date of Parents last proxy statement filed with the SEC, no event has occurred that would be required to be reported by Parent pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.

4.22 No Financial Advisors. Except as set forth on Section4.22 of the Parent Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage fee, finders fee, opinion fee, success fee, transaction fee or other fee or commission in connection with the Contemplated Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent.

4.23 Valid Issuance. The Parent Capital Stock to be issued in the Merger will, when issued in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

45

4.24 Privacy and Data Security. Parent and its Subsidiaries are and since January 1, 2023, have been in material compliance with all applicable Privacy Laws and the applicable terms of any Parent Contracts governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, or breach notification, data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology, with respect to, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of, Personal Information. To the Knowledge of Parent, Parent (i) has implemented and maintains reasonable written policies and procedures that materially comply with applicable Privacy Laws and are designed to protect the privacy and security of Personal Information (the Privacy Policies) that materially comply with applicable Privacy Laws and are designed to protect the privacy and security of Personal Information and (ii) has complied with such Privacy Policies, except for such noncompliance as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Parent, no Legal Proceeding has been asserted or threatened against Parent by any Person alleging a violation of Privacy Laws, Privacy Policies, or the applicable terms of any Parent Contracts governing privacy, data protection, data security, trans-border data flow, data loss, data theft, or breach notification, data localization, sending solicited or unsolicited electronic mail or text messages, cookies or other tracking technology, with respect to, or the collection, handling, use, maintenance, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of, Personal Information. To the Knowledge of Parent, there have been no data security incidents or data breaches, or other adverse events or incidents that have resulted in any unauthorized access to, or collection, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of, Personal Information or other data in the possession or control of Parent or any service provider acting on behalf of Parent, in each case, where such incident, breach, or event has resulted in a notification obligation to any Person under applicable Law or pursuant to the terms of any Parent Contract.

4.25 Absence of Liabilities. There will be no material debts, liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, or otherwise, on the Parent and all material debts, liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, or otherwise are on Blackbox Operating, except for the obligations related to this Agreement, and the Parents corporate affairs arising after the Closing as specifically set forth in Section 4.25 of the Parent Disclosure Letter.

4.26 Code of Ethics. Parent has adopted a code of ethics, as defined by Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K of the SEC, for senior financial officers, applicable to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller or principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions. Parent has promptly disclosed any change in or waiver of Parents code of ethics with respect to any such persons, as required by Section 406(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. To the knowledge of Parent, there have been no violations of provisions of Parents code of ethics by any such persons.

4.27 Governmental Contracts. Parent has not been suspended or debarred from bidding on contracts with any Governmental Authority, and to the knowledge of the Parent, no such suspension or debarment has been initiated or threatened. The consummation of this Agreement will not result in any such suspension or debarment of Parent (assuming that no such suspension or debarment will result solely from the identity of Company).

4.28 No Other Representations or Warranties. Parent hereby acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any other person on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or with respect to any other information provided to Parent, Merger Sub or stockholders or any of their respective Affiliates in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, and (subject to the express representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section3 (in each case as qualified and limited by the Company Disclosure Letter)) none of Parent, Merger Sub nor any of their respective Representatives or stockholders, has relied on any such information (including the accuracy or completeness thereof).

46

Section 5. Certain Covenants of the Parties.

5.1 Operation of Parents Business.

(a) Except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.1(a) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) unless the Company shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section10 and the Effective Time (the Pre-Closing Period), Parent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to (x) conduct its business and operations in the Ordinary Course of Business and in material compliance with all applicable Law and the requirements of all Contracts that constitute Parent Material Contracts and (y) continue to pay material outstanding accounts payable and other material current Liabilities (including payroll) when due and payable.

(b) Except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section5.1(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) with the prior written consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), at all times during the Pre-Closing Period, Parent shall not, nor shall it cause or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, do any of the following:

(i) declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect of any shares of its capital stock or repurchase, redeem or otherwise reacquire any shares of its capital stock or other securities, (except for shares of Parent Common Stock from terminated employees, directors or consultants of Parent);

(ii) except as required to give effect to anything in contemplation of the Closing, amend any of its Organizational Documents, or effect or be a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction except, for the avoidance of doubt, the Contemplated Transactions;

(iii) sell, issue, grant, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber or authorize the issuance of: (A) any capital stock or other security (except for Parent Common Stock issued upon the valid exercise or settlement of outstanding Parent Options or Parent Restricted Stock Units, as applicable), (B) any option, warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or any other security or (C) any instrument convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other security;

(iv) form any Subsidiary or acquire any equity interest or other interest in any other Entity or enter into a joint venture with any other Entity;

(v) (A) lend money to any Person, (B) incur or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money, (C) guarantee any debt securities of others or (D) make any capital expenditure or commitment in excess of five thousand dollars ($5,000);

(vi) (A) adopt, establish or enter into any Parent Employee Plan, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any equity awards plans, (B) cause or permit any Parent Employee Plan to be amended other than as required by law or in order to make amendments for the purposes of compliance with Section 409A of the Code, (C) pay any bonus or make any profit-sharing or similar payment to (except with respect to obligations in place on the date of this Agreement pursuant to any Parent Employee Plan disclosed to the Company) for any employees of the Parent, or increase the amount of the wages, salary, commissions, fringe benefits or other compensation or remuneration payable to, any of Parents directors, officers, employees or consultants or (D) increase the severance or change of control benefits offered to any current or new employees, directors or consultants of Parent or (E) hire any officer, employee or consultant of Parent, and in each case none of the items in (A)-(E) shall create any obligations of Parent that shall survive after the Closing Date;

47

(vii) acquire any material asset or sell, lease, license or otherwise irrevocably dispose of any of its assets or properties, or grant any Encumbrance with respect to such assets or properties;

(viii) sell, assign, transfer, license, sublicense or otherwise dispose of any material Parent IP Rights (other than pursuant to non-exclusive licenses in the Ordinary Course of Business);

(ix) other than in the Ordinary Course of Business: (A) make, change or revoke any material Tax election; (B) file any amended income or other material Tax Return; (C) adopt or change any material accounting method in respect of Taxes; (D) enter into any material Tax closing agreement, settle any material Tax claim or assessment; (E) consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to or relating to any material Tax claim or assessment; or (F) surrender any material claim for refund;

(x) waive, settle or compromise any pending or threatened Legal Proceeding against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, other than waivers, settlements or agreements (A) for an amount not in excess of twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000) in the aggregate (excluding amounts to be paid under existing insurance policies or renewals thereof) and (B) that do not impose any material restrictions on the operations or businesses of Parent or its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or any equitable relief on, or the admission of wrongdoing by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries;

(xi) delay or fail to repay when due any material obligation, including accounts payable and accrued expenses;

(xii) forgive any loans to any Person, including its employees, officers, directors or Affiliates;

(xiii) terminate or modify in any material respect, or fail to exercise renewal rights with respect to, any material insurance policy;

(xiv) (A) materially change pricing or royalties or other payments set or charged by Parent or any of Subsidiaries to its customers or licensees or (B) agree to materially change pricing or royalties or other payments set or charged by Persons who have licensed Intellectual Property to Parent or any of Subsidiaries;

(xv) enter into, amend in a manner adverse to Parent or terminate any Parent Material Contract outside of the Ordinary Course of Business; or

(xvi) agree, resolve or commit to do any of the foregoing.

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give the Company, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of Parent prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete unilateral control and supervision over its business operations.

48

5.2 Operation of the Companys Business. Except (i) as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as set forth in Section 5.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter, (iii) as required by applicable Law, or (iv) unless Parent shall otherwise consent in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), during the Pre-Closing Period the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its business and operations in the Ordinary Course of Business and in material compliance with all applicable Law and the requirements of all Contracts that constitute Company Material Contracts.

5.3 Access and Investigation.

(a) Subject to the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, which the Parties agree will continue in full force following the date of this Agreement, during the Pre-Closing Period, upon reasonable notice, Parent, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall and shall use their best efforts to cause such Partys Representatives to: (a) provide the other Party and such other Partys Representatives with reasonable access during normal business hours to such Partys Representatives, personnel, property and assets and to all existing books, records, Tax Returns, work papers and other documents and information relating to such Party and its Subsidiaries, (b) provide the other Party and such other Partys Representatives with such copies of the existing books, records, Tax Returns, work papers, product data, and other documents and information relating to such Party and its Subsidiaries, and with such additional financial, operating and other data and information regarding such Party and its Subsidiaries as the other Party may reasonably request, (c) permit the other Partys officers and other employees to meet, upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours, with the chief financial officer and other officers and managers of such Party responsible for such Partys financial statements and the internal controls of such Party to discuss such matters as the other Party may deem necessary, and (d) make available to the other Party copies of any material notice, report or other document filed with or sent to or received from any Governmental Authority in connection with the Contemplated Transactions. Any investigation conducted by either Parent or the Company pursuant to this Section5.3 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of the other Party.

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary in this Section5.3, no access or examination contemplated by this Section5.3 shall be permitted to the extent that it would require any Party or its Subsidiaries to waive the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product privilege, or violate any applicable Law; provided, that such Party or its Subsidiary (i) shall be entitled to withhold only such information that may not be provided without causing such violation or waiver, (ii) shall provide to the other Party all related information that may be provided without causing such violation or waiver (including, to the extent permitted, redacted versions of any such information) and (iii) shall enter into such effective and appropriate joint-defense agreements or other protective arrangements as may be reasonably requested by the other Party in order that all such information may be provided to the other Party without causing such violation or waiver.

5.4 No Solicitation.

(a) Each of Parent and the Company agrees that, during the Pre-Closing Period, neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, nor shall it or any of its Subsidiaries authorize or permit any of its Representatives to, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, induce or facilitate the communication, making, submission or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, (ii) furnish any non-public information regarding such Party to any Person in connection with or in response to an Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, (iii) engage in discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, (iv) execute or enter into any letter of intent or any Contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction or (v) publicly propose to do any of the foregoing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Party acknowledges and agrees that, in the event any Representative of such Party takes any action that, if taken by such Party, would constitute a breach of this Section5.4 by such Party, the taking of such action by such Representative shall be deemed to constitute a breach of this Section5.4 by such Party for purposes of this Agreement.

49

(b) If any Party or any Representative of such Party receives an Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry at any time during the Pre-Closing Period, then such Party shall promptly (and in no event later than one (1) Business Day after such Party becomes aware of such Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry) advise the other Party in writing of such Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry (including the identity of the Person making or submitting such Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry, and the terms thereof). Such Party shall keep the other Party reasonably informed with respect to the status and terms of any such Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry and any material modification or material proposed modification thereto.

(c) Each Party shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions, negotiations and communications with any Person that relate to any Acquisition Proposal or Acquisition Inquiry as of the date of this Agreement and request the destruction or return of any nonpublic information provided to such Person.

5.5 Notification of Certain Matters. During the Pre-Closing Period, each of the Company, on the one hand, and Parent, on the other hand, shall promptly notify the other (and, if in writing, furnish copies of) if any of the following occurs: (a) any notice or other communication is received from any Person alleging that the Consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions, (b) any Legal Proceeding against or involving or otherwise affecting such Party or its Subsidiaries is commenced, or, to the Knowledge of such Party, threatened against such Party or, to the Knowledge of such Party, any director or officer of such Party, (c) such Party becomes aware of any inaccuracy in any representation or warranty made by such Party in this Agreement or (d) the failure of such Party to comply with any covenant or obligation of such Party; in each case that could reasonably be expected to make the timely satisfaction of any of the conditions set forth in Section7, Section8 or Section9, as applicable, impossible or materially less likely. No such notice shall be deemed to supplement or amend the Company Disclosure Letter or the Parent Disclosure Letter for the purpose of (x) determining the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement or (y) determining whether any condition set forth in Section7, Section8 or Section9 has been satisfied. Any failure by either Party to provide notice pursuant to this Section5.5 shall not be deemed to be a breach for purposes of Section8.2 or Section 9.2, as applicable, unless such failure to provide such notice was knowing and intentional.

Section 6. Additional Agreements of the Parties.

6.1 Registration Statement, Proxy Statement.

(a) As promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, Parent, in cooperation with the Company, shall prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the Form S-4), in which a proxy statement relating to the Parent Stockholder Meeting to be held in connection with the Merger (together with any amendments thereof or supplements thereto, the Proxy Statement) shall be included as a part (the Proxy Statement and the Form S-4, collectively, the Registration Statement), in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued by virtue of the Contemplated Transactions, other than any shares of Parent Capital Stock which are not permitted to be registered on Form S-4 pursuant to applicable Law. Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) cause the Registration Statement to comply with applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, (ii) cause the Registration Statement to become effective as promptly as practicable, and (iii) respond promptly to any comments or requests of the SEC or its staff related to the Registration Statement. Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions required under any applicable federal, state, securities and other Laws in connection with the issuance of shares of Parent Capital Stock pursuant to the Contemplated Transactions. Each of the Parties shall reasonably cooperate with the other Party and furnish all information concerning itself and its Affiliates, as applicable, to the other Parties that is required by law to be included in the Registration Statement as the other Parties may reasonably request in connection with such actions and the preparation of the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement.

50

(b) Parent covenants and agrees that the Registration Statement (and the letter to stockholders, notice of meeting and form of proxy included therewith) will (i) comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of applicable U.S. federal securities laws and the NRS, and (ii) will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company covenants and agrees that the information supplied by or on behalf of the Company to Parent for inclusion in the Registration Statement (including the Company Financials) will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make such information, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Party makes any covenant, representation or warranty with respect to statements made in the Registration Statement (and the letter to stockholders, notice of meeting and form of proxy included therewith), if any, based on information provided by the other Party or any of its Representatives regarding such other Party or its Affiliates for inclusion therein.

(c) Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to Parents stockholders as promptly as practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act. If at any time before the Effective Time, (i) Parent, Merger Sub or the Company (A) become aware of any event or information that, pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, should be disclosed in an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Proxy Statement, (B) receives notice of any SEC request for an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or for additional information related thereto, or (C) receives SEC comments on the Registration Statement, or (ii) the information provided in the Registration Statement has become stale and new information should be disclosed in an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, as the case may be, then such Party, as the case may be, shall promptly inform the other Parties thereof and shall cooperate with such other Parties in Parent filing such amendment or supplement with the SEC (and, if appropriate, in mailing such amendment or supplement to the Parent stockholders) or otherwise addressing such SEC request or comments and each Party and shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause any such amendment to become effective, if required. Parent shall promptly notify the Company if it becomes aware (1) that the Registration Statement has become effective, (2) of the issuance of any stop order or suspension of the qualification or registration of the Parent Capital Stock issuable in connection with the Contemplated Transactions for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or (3) any order of the SEC related to the Registration Statement, and shall promptly provide to the Company copies of all written correspondence between it or any of its Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or staff of the SEC, on the other hand, with respect to the Registration Statement and all orders of the SEC relating to the Registration Statement.

51

(d) The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cooperate with Parent and provide, and cause its Representatives to promptly provide, Parent and its Representatives, with all true, correct and complete information regarding the Company that is required by Law to be included in the Registration Statement or reasonably requested by Parent to be included in the Registration Statement (collectively, the Company Required S-4 Information). Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will use reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to Parent a consent letter of the Companys independent accounting firm, dated no more than two (2) Business Days before the date on which the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC (and reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Parent), that is customary in scope and substance for consent letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection with registration statements similar to the Registration Statement. The Company and its legal counsel shall be given reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Registration Statement, including all amendments and supplements thereto, prior to the filing thereof with the SEC, and on the response to any comments of the SEC on the Registration Statement, prior to the filing thereof with the SEC. Parent may file the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, without the prior consent of the Company, provided that Parent has included the Company Required S-4 Information in the Registration Statement in substantially the same form as it was provided to Parent by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1; provided, further, that if the prior consent of the Company is not obtained then, notwithstanding anything else herein, the Company makes no covenant or representation regarding the portion of such information supplied by or on behalf of the Company to Parent for inclusion in such Registration Statement that the Company reasonably identifies prior to such filing of the Registration Statement.

(e) As promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to Parent (i) audited financial statements for each of its fiscal years required to be included in the Registration Statement, or an audited period balance sheet, as applicable (the Company Audited Financial Statements) and (ii) unaudited interim financial statements for each interim period completed prior to Closing that would be required to be included in the Registration Statement or any periodic report due prior to the Closing if the Company were subject to the periodic reporting requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (the Company Interim Financial Statements). Each of the Company Audited Financial Statements and the Company Interim Financial Statements will be suitable for inclusion in the Registration Statement and prepared in accordance with GAAP as applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except in each case as described in the notes thereto) and on that basis will present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and the results of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows of the Company as of the dates of and for the periods referred to in the Company Audited Financial Statements or the Company Interim Financial Statements, as the case may be.

6.2 Company Stockholder Written Consent.

(a) Promptly after the Registration Statement has been declared effective under the Securities Act, and in any event no later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall obtain the approval by written consent from Company stockholders sufficient for the Required Company Stockholder Vote in lieu of a meeting pursuant to Section 73.320 of the NRS, for purposes of (i) adopting and approving this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, (ii) acknowledging that the approval given thereby is irrevocable and that such stockholder is aware of its rights to demand appraisal for its shares pursuant to Section 92A.380 of the NRS, and that such stockholder has received and read a copy of Section 92A.380 of the NRS and (iii) acknowledging that by its approval of the Merger it is not entitled to appraisal rights with respect to its shares in connection with the Merger and thereby waives any rights to receive payment of the fair value of its capital stock under the NRS (the Company Stockholder Written Consents). Under no circumstances shall the Company assert that any other approval or consent is necessary by its stockholders to approve this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions.

52

(b) Reasonably promptly following receipt of the Required Company Stockholder Vote, and in any event no later than ten (10) days thereafter, the Company shall prepare and mail a notice (the Stockholder Notice) to every stockholder of the Company that did not execute the Company Stockholder Written Consent. The Stockholder Notice shall (i) be a statement to the effect that the Company Board determined that the Merger is advisable in accordance with Section 92A.120 of the NRS and in the best interests of the stockholders of the Company and, as such, the Company Board approved and adopted this Agreement, the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions, (ii) provide the stockholders of the Company to whom it is sent with notice of the actions taken in the Company Stockholder Written Consent, including the adoption and approval of this Agreement, the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions in accordance with Section 78.320 of the NRS and the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company and (iii) include a description of the appraisal rights of the Companys stockholders available under the NRS, along with such other information as is required thereunder and pursuant to applicable Law. All materials (including any amendments thereto) submitted to the stockholders of the Company in accordance with this Section6.2(b) shall be subject to Parents advance review and reasonable approval.

(c) The Company agrees that: (i) the Company Board shall recommend that the Companys stockholders vote to adopt and approve this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit such approval within the time set forth in Section6.2(a) (the recommendation of the Company Board that the Companys stockholders vote to adopt and approve this Agreement being referred to as the Company Board Recommendation) and (ii) the Company Board Recommendation shall not be withdrawn or modified (and the Company Board shall not publicly propose to withdraw or modify the Company Board Recommendation) in a manner adverse to Parent, and no resolution by the Company Board or any committee thereof to withdraw or modify the Company Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent or to adopt, approve or recommend (or publicly propose to adopt, approve or recommend) any Acquisition Proposal shall be adopted or proposed.

6.3 Parent Stockholder Meeting.

(a) Parent shall take all action necessary under applicable Law to call, give notice of and hold a meeting of the holders of Parent Common Stock to consider and vote to approve (i)(a) the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock, which will represent more than 20% of the shares of Parent Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger, to the Companys stockholders, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (b) the change of control resulting from the Merger, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635(a) and 5635(b), (ii) the Incentive Plan, (iii) an amendment to the Parent certificate of incorporation to effect the Split of the issued and outstanding Parent Common Stock at a ratio determined by the Parent Board and agreed to by the Company, and (iv) an amendment to the Parent certificate of incorporation to increase the number of shares of Parent Common Stock that Parent is authorized to issue from 100,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock to an amount to be determined by the Parent Board to authorize, among others, the aggregate Merger Consideration and the Incentive Plan (collectively, the Parent Stockholder Matters and such meeting, the Parent Stockholder Meeting). The Parent Stockholder Meeting shall be held as promptly as practicable after the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, and in any event, no later than forty-five (45) days after the effective date of the Registration Statement. Parent shall take reasonable measures to ensure that all proxies solicited in connection with the Parent Stockholder Meeting are solicited in compliance with all applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if on the date of the Parent Stockholder Meeting, or a date preceding the date on which the Parent Stockholder Meeting is scheduled, Parent reasonably believes that (i) it will not receive proxies sufficient to obtain the Required Parent Stockholder Vote, whether or not a quorum would be present, (ii) it will not have sufficient shares of Parent Common Stock represented (whether in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of the Parent Stockholder Meeting or (iii) that the failure to postpone or adjourn the Parent Stockholder Meeting would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations under applicable Law, Parent may postpone or adjourn, or make one or more successive postponements or adjournments of, the Parent Stockholder Meeting as long as the date of the Parent Stockholder Meeting is not postponed or adjourned more than an aggregate of thirty (30) days in connection with any postponements or adjournments.

53

(b) Parent agrees that (i) the Parent Board shall recommend that the holders of Parent Common Stock vote to approve the Parent Stockholder Matters and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit such approval within the timeframe set forth in Section6.3(a) above and (ii) the Proxy Statement shall include a statement to the effect that the Parent Board recommends that Parents stockholders vote to approve the Parent Stockholder Matters (the recommendation of the Parent Board being referred to as the Parent Board Recommendation).

6.4 Efforts; Regulatory Approvals.

(a) The Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Party: (i) shall make all filings and other submissions (if any) and give all notices (if any) required to be made and given by such Party in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, (ii) shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain each Consent (if any) reasonably required to be obtained (pursuant to any applicable Law or Contract, or otherwise) by such Party in connection with the Contemplated Transactions or for such Contract to remain in full force and effect, (iii) shall use reasonable best efforts to lift any injunction prohibiting, or any other legal bar to, the Contemplated Transactions and (iv) shall use reasonable best efforts to satisfy the conditions precedent to the consummation of this Agreement.

(b) Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, each Party shall use reasonable best efforts to file or otherwise submit, as soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement, all applications, notices, reports and other documents reasonably required to be filed by such Party with or otherwise submitted by such Party to any Governmental Authority with respect to the Contemplated Transactions, and to submit promptly any additional information requested by any such Governmental Authority. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Parties shall prepare and file, if required, any notification or other document required to be filed in connection with the Merger under any applicable foreign Law relating to antitrust or competition matters, and take all commercially reasonable actions necessary to obtain the expiration or termination of any antitrust Laws as promptly as practicable, and thereafter to respond as promptly as practicable to any request for additional information or documentary material that may be made under any applicable U.S. or foreign Law relating to antitrust or competition matters; and use their reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary or advisable to obtain prompt approval of the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions by any Governmental Authority or expiration of applicable waiting periods.

(c) Each Party shall, in connection with its efforts to obtain all requisite approvals and the expiration or termination of waiting periods for the Contemplated Transactions under any applicable Law relating to antitrust matters, use its reasonable best efforts to: (i) cooperate in all respects with each other Party or its affiliates in connection with any filing or submission and in connection with any investigation or other inquiry, including any proceeding initiated by a private Person; (ii) keep the other Parties reasonably informed of any communication received by such Party from, or given by such Party to, any Governmental Authority and of any communication received or given in connection with any proceeding by a private Person, in each case regarding any of the Contemplated Transactions, and promptly furnish the other Parties with copies of all such written communications; (iii) permit the other Parties to review in advance any written communication to be given by it to, and consult with the other Parties in advance of any meeting or video or telephonic conference with, any Governmental Authority or, in connection with any proceeding by a private Person, with any other Person, and to the extent permitted by such Governmental Authority or other Person, give the other Parties the opportunity to attend and participate in such in-person, video, or telephonic meetings and conferences; (iv) in the event a Party is prohibited from participating in or attending any in-person, video, or telephonic meetings or conferences, the other Parties shall keep such Party promptly and reasonably apprised with respect thereto; and (v) use reasonable best efforts to cooperate in the filing of any memoranda, white papers, filings, correspondence or other written communications explaining or defending the Contemplated Transactions, articulating any regulatory or competitive argument, and/or responding to requests or objections made by any Governmental Authority; provided that materials required to be provided pursuant to this Section 6.4(c) may be restricted to outside counsel and may be redacted (A) to remove references concerning the valuation of the Company, (B) to address legal privilege or confidentiality concerns, and (C) as necessary to comply with contractual arrangements.

54

(d) Parent shall not take any action that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect or materially delay the approval of any Governmental Authority, or the expiration or termination of any waiting period under applicable Law, including by agreeing to merge with or acquire any other Person or acquire a substantial portion of the assets of or equity in any other Person. Parent covenants and agrees, with respect to a threatened or pending preliminary or permanent injunction or any other order, decree, ruling, statute, rule, regulation or executive order that would adversely affect the ability of the Parties to consummate the Contemplated Transactions, to use reasonable best efforts to prevent or lift the entry, enactment, or promulgation thereof, as the case may be, and the Company shall reasonably cooperate with Parent with respect to any such efforts. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, none of Parent, Merger Sub, or any of their respective Affiliates shall be required to defend, contest, or resist any action or proceeding, whether judicial or administrative, or to take any action to have vacated, lifted, reversed, or overturned any Order, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Parent shall give the Company prompt written notice (email being sufficient) of any litigation against Parent and/or its directors relating to this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions (Transaction Litigation) (including by providing copies of all pleadings with respect thereto) and keep the Company reasonably informed with respect to the status thereof. Parent will (i) give the Company the opportunity to participate in, but not control, the defense, settlement or prosecution of any Transaction Litigation (to the extent that the attorney-client privilege is not undermined or otherwise adversely affected; provided that Parent and the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to find alternative solutions to not undermine or adversely affect the privilege such as entering into common interest agreements, joint defense agreements or similar agreements), (ii) consult with the Company with respect to the defense, settlement and prosecution of any Transaction Litigation and (iii) consider in good faith the Companys advice with respect to such Transaction Litigation.

6.5 Indemnification of Officers and Directors.

(a) From the Effective Time through the sixth (6th) anniversary of the date on which the Effective Time occurs, each of Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who is now, or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director or officer of Parent or the Company, respectively (the D&O Indemnified Parties), against all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, judgments, fines and reasonable fees, costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and disbursements (collectively, Costs), incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to the fact that the D&O Indemnified Party is or was a director or officer of Parent or of the Company, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted under the NRS. Each D&O Indemnified Party will be entitled to advancement of expenses incurred in the defense of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation from each of Parent and the Surviving Corporation, jointly and severally, upon receipt by Parent or the Surviving Corporation from the D&O Indemnified Party of a request therefor; provided that any such person to whom expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to Parent, to the extent then required by the NRS, to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification.

55

(b) The certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall contain, and Parent shall cause the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation to so contain, provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation of present and former directors and officers as those presently set forth in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Parent.

(c) From and after the Effective Time, (i) the Surviving Corporation shall fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company to its D&O Indemnified Parties as of immediately prior to the Closing pursuant to any indemnification provisions under the Companys Organizational Documents and pursuant to any indemnification agreements between the Company and such D&O Indemnified Parties, with respect to claims arising out of matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and (ii) Parent shall fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of Parent to its D&O Indemnified Parties as of immediately prior to the Closing pursuant to any indemnification provisions under Parents Organizational Documents and pursuant to any indemnification agreements between Parent and such D&O Indemnified Parties, with respect to claims arising out of matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time.

(d) From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall maintain directors and officers liability insurance policies, with an effective date as of the Closing Date, on commercially reasonable terms and conditions and with coverage limits customary for U.S. public companies similarly situated to Parent. In addition, Parent (or Blackbox Operating) shall purchase, prior to the Effective Time, a six (6) year prepaid D&O tail policy for the non-cancelable extension of the directors and officers liability coverage of Parents existing directors and officers insurance policies for a claims reporting or discovery period of at least six (6) years from and after the Effective Time with respect to any claim related to any period of time at or prior to the Effective Time with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than the coverage provided under Parents existing policies as of the date of this Agreement, or otherwise acceptable to Parent. The Company shall in good faith cooperate with Parent prior to the Effective Time with respect to the procurement of such D&O tail policy and shall reimburse Blackbox Operating for the cost of such policy up to three hundred thousand dollars $300,000 subject to the adjustment in Section 6.18(d).

(e) From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall pay all expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, that are incurred by the persons referred to in this Section6.5 in connection with their enforcement of the rights provided to such persons in this Section6.5.

(f) The provisions of this Section6.5 are intended to be in addition to the rights otherwise available to the current and former officers and directors of Parent and the Company by Law, charter, statute, bylaw or agreement, and shall operate for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each of the D&O Indemnified Parties, their heirs and their Representatives.

(g) In the event Parent or the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall succeed to the obligations set forth in this Section6.5. Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to perform all of the obligations of the Surviving Corporation under this Section6.5.

56

(h) Unless directed otherwise by the Company in writing no less than three (3) Business Days before the Closing Date, Parent shall use reasonable best efforts to take all actions as are necessary to terminate any 401(k) or other plan(s) with a cash or deferred arrangement (as defined in Section 401(k) of the Code), effective as of no later than the day immediately preceding the Closing Date. Parent shall provide the Company copies of all such corporate actions or documentation related to the same at least three (3) Business Days before their adoption or approval for the Companys reasonable review and comment.

6.6 Disclosure. The Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to agree to the text of any initial press release and Parents Form 8-K announcing the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Without limiting any Partys obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement, no Party shall, and no Party shall permit any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Representatives to, issue any press release or make any public disclosure regarding the Contemplated Transactions unless: (a) the other Party shall have approved such press release or disclosure in writing, such approval not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed; or (b) such Party shall have determined in good faith, upon the advice of outside legal counsel, that such disclosure is required by applicable Law and, to the extent practicable, before such press release or disclosure is issued or made, such Party advises the other Party of, and consults with the other Party regarding, the text of such press release or disclosure; provided, however, that each of the Company and Parent may make any public statement in response to specific questions by the press, analysts, investors or those attending industry conferences or financial analyst conference calls, so long as any such statements are consistent with previous press releases, public disclosures or public statements made by the Company or Parent in compliance with this Section6.6.

6.7 Listing. At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (a) maintain its listing on Nasdaq until the Effective Time and to obtain approval of the listing of the combined corporation on Nasdaq, (b) to the extent required by the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, prepare and submit to Nasdaq a notification form for the listing of the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, and to cause such shares to be approved for listing (subject to official notice of issuance); (c) prepare and timely submit to Nasdaq a notification form for the Split (if required) and to submit a copy of the amendment to Parents certificate of incorporation effecting the Split, certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to Nasdaq on the Closing Date; and (d) to the extent required by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5110, assist the Company in preparing and filing an initial listing application for the Parent Common Stock on Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Listing Application) and to cause such Nasdaq Listing Application to be conditionally approved prior to the Effective Time. Each Party will reasonably promptly inform the other Party of all verbal or written communications between Nasdaq and such Party or its representatives. The Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate with respect to compliance with Nasdaq rules and regulations. The Party not filing the Nasdaq Listing Application will cooperate with the other Party as reasonably requested by such filing Party with respect to the Nasdaq Listing Application and promptly furnish to such filing Party all information concerning itself and its members that may be required or reasonably requested in connection with any action contemplated by this Section6.7. All Nasdaq fees associated with any action contemplated by this Section 6.7, including any fees related to the engagement of a consultant (the Nasdaq Fees), shall be paid by the Company subject to the adjustment in Section 6.18(c).

6.8 Tax Matters.

(a) The Parties shall use reasonable best efforts (and each shall cause its Affiliates) to cause the Merger to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment. No Party shall take any actions, or fail to take any action, which action or failure to act would reasonably be expected to prevent or impede the Intended Tax Treatment. The Parties shall report the Contemplated Transactions for all applicable Tax purposes in a manner that is consistent with the Intended Tax Treatment. No Party shall take any position that is inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment during the course of any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes, in each case, unless otherwise required by a determination within the meaning of Section 1313(a) of the Code. The Parties shall comply with the recordkeeping and information reporting requirements imposed on them, including, but not limited to, those set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-3.

57

(b) Parent shall promptly notify the Company if, at any time before the Effective Time, Parent becomes aware of any fact or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to prevent, cause a failure of, or impede the Intended Tax Treatment. The Company shall promptly notify Parent if, at any time before the Effective Time, the Company becomes aware of any fact or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to prevent, cause a failure of, or impede the Intended Tax Treatment.

(c) If the SEC requires that an opinion with respect to the Intended Tax Treatment be prepared and submitted in connection with the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement, (i) the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Haynes and Boone, LLP (or such other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to the Company) to furnish an opinion (as so required and subject to customary assumptions and limitations), (ii) Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Winstead PC (or such other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to Parent) to furnish an opinion (as so required and subject to customary assumptions and limitations), and (iii) Parent and the Company shall each deliver to each of Haynes and Boone, LLP (or such other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to the Company) and Winstead PC (or such other nationally recognized law or accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to Parent) a Tax certificate, dated as of the date the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement shall have been declared effective by the SEC and signed by an officer of Parent or the Company, as applicable, containing customary representations and covenants reasonably acceptable to the Company and Parent, as applicable, in each case, as reasonably necessary and appropriate to enable such advisors to render such opinions (the Tax Certificates). Each of Parent and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts not to take or cause to be taken any action that would cause to be untrue (or fail to take or cause not to be taken any action which would cause to be untrue) any of the Tax certifications, covenants or representations included in the Tax Certificates.

(d) Parent and the Company shall reasonably cooperate in the preparation, execution and filing of all Tax Returns, questionnaires, applications or other documents regarding any real property transfer, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock transfer and stamp taxes, and transfer, recording, registration and other fees and similar Taxes which become payable in connection with the Merger that are required or permitted to be filed on or before the Effective Time. Each of Parent and the Company shall pay, without deduction from any consideration or other amounts payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement and without reimbursement from the other party, any such Taxes or fees imposed on it by any Governmental Authority, which becomes payable in connection with the Merger.

6.9 Legends. Parent shall be entitled to place appropriate legends on the book entries and/or certificates evidencing any shares of Parent Capital Stock to be received in the Merger by equityholders of the Company who may be considered affiliates of Parent for purposes of Rules 144 and 145 under the Securities Act reflecting the restrictions set forth in Rules 144 and 145 and to issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to the transfer agent for any such shares of Parent Capital Stock.

6.10 Officers and Directors. Until successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with applicable Law, the Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts and take all necessary action so that the Persons listed on Section 6.10 of the Parent Disclosure Letter are elected or appointed, as applicable, to the positions of officers or directors of Parent and the Surviving Corporation, as set forth therein, to serve in such positions effective as of the Effective Time. If any Person listed on Section 6.10 of the Parent Disclosure Letter is unable or unwilling to serve as officer or director of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as set forth therein, the Party appointing such Person (as set forth on Section 6.10 of the Parent Disclosure Letter) shall designate a successor.

58

6.11 Termination of Certain Agreements and Rights. Each of Parent and the Company shall cause any stockholder agreements, voting agreements, registration rights agreements, co-sale agreements and any other similar Contracts between either Parent or the Company and any holders of Parent Common Stock or Company Capital Stock, respectively, including any such Contract granting any Person investor rights, rights of first refusal, registration rights or director registration rights, to be terminated immediately prior to the Effective Time, without any liability being imposed on the part of Parent or the Surviving Corporation.

6.12 Section16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall take all such steps as may be required to cause any acquisitions of Parent Common Stock and any options to purchase Parent Common Stock in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, by each individual who is reasonably expected to become subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to Parent, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

6.13 Allocation Information. The Company will prepare and deliver to Parent prior to the Closing a document setting forth (as of immediately prior to the Effective Time) (a) each holder of Company Capital Stock, (b) such holders name and address, (c) the number or percentage and type of Company Capital Stock held as of the Closing Date for each such holder and (d) the number of shares of Parent Capital Stock to be issued to such holder pursuant to this Agreement in respect of the Company Capital Stock held by such holder as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Allocation Certificate).

6.14 Parent SEC Documents. From the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to timely file with the SEC all registration statements, proxy statements, Certifications, reports, schedules, exhibits, forms and other documents required to be filed by Parent with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act (SEC Documents). As of its filing date, or if amended after the date of this Agreement, as of the date of the last such amendment, each SEC Document filed by Parent with the SEC (a) shall comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act and (b) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

6.15 Obligations of Merger Sub. Parent will take all action necessary to cause the Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

6.16 Employment Agreement. At or prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall cause Lipi Sternheim and David Argyle to enter into employment agreements with Parent, to be effective as of the Closing, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company (the Employment Agreements).

6.17 Incentive Plan. Immediately following the Effective Time, Parent shall adopt or cause to be adopted a new stock incentive plan, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent and Company, pursuant to which shares of Parent Common Stock comprising an amount not exceeding fifteen percent (15%) of the fully-diluted, outstanding equity interests of Parent immediately following the Merger will be reserved for issuance by Parent pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of such stock incentive plan, to employees, directors, consultants and other service providers of Parent and its Subsidiaries, including, following the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries (the Incentive Plan).

59

6.18 Payment of Excess S-3 Funds.

(a) In the event that during the Pre-Closing Period, Parent sell, issue, grant, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber or authorize the issuance of: (A) any capital stock or other security (except for Parent Common Stock issued upon the valid exercise or settlement of outstanding Parent Options or Parent Restricted Stock Units, as applicable), (B) any option, warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or any other security or (C) any instrument convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other security pursuant to that certain Form S-3 Registration Statement of the Parent filed with the SEC on January 31, 2025 which became effective on February 10, 2025 (a Pre-Closing Period Sale), and such Pre-Closing Period Sale results in the Parent receiving net proceeds, after repayment of the Additional Debenture, and net of fees, commissions and expenses associated with the Pre-Closing Period Sale, in excess of $1.5 million dollars in the aggregate, Parent shall make a loan to the Company in an amount equal to 50% of the aggregate amount of such net proceeds it receives that is in excess of $1.5 million in exchange for a Promissory Note made by Company to Parent in substantially the form of Exhibit F. Failure by the Parent to give the Company the proceeds above in exchange for a Promissory Note and which remain ungiven to the Company within five (5) Business Days after receipt of the proceeds will bear interest, accruing daily and being calculated and payable monthly in arrears on the last day of each and every month, at the lesser of 12% per annum or the maximum rate allowed by Law. For illustrative purposes only, Section 6.18 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a sample illustration of the payments owed by the Parent as it relates to Pre-Closing Period Sale.

(b) In the event that the Company receives proceeds in excess of $1.5 million dollars pursuant to this Section 6.18, the Parent Valuation shall be increased dollar for dollar by an amount equal to the total payment to be made to the Company pursuant to Section 6.18(a) for purposes of calculating the Company Merger Shares

(c) In the event that Parent receives net proceeds, after repayment of the Additional Debenture, and net of fees, commissions and expenses associated with the Pre-Closing Period Sale in excess of $1.5 million dollars in the aggregate, all Nasdaq Fees shall be split evenly between the Company and the Parent; provided that, Company shall otherwise be responsible for paying 100% of such Nasdaq Fees.

(d) In the event that Parent receives net proceeds, after repayment of the Additional Debenture, and net of fees, commissions and expenses associated with the Pre-Closing Period Sale in excess of $1.5 million dollars in the aggregate, the Companys obligation to reimburse Blackbox Operating as set forth in Section 6.5(d) for the cost of the D&O tail policy shall be reduced to one hundred fifty thousand dollars $150,000 in the aggregate.

60

6.19 Assumption of Preferred Stock Warrant. At the Effective Time, each Preferred Stock Warrant that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be converted into and become a warrant to purchase Parent Common Stock (each, an Assumed Warrant), and Parent shall assume the terms of the Preferred Stock Warrant by which such Preferred Stock Warrant is evidenced (but with changes to such documents as Parent and Company mutually agree are appropriate to reflect the substitution of the Preferred Stock Warrant by Parent to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock). All rights with respect to Company Common Stock under the Preferred Stock Warrant assumed by Parent will thereupon be converted into rights with respect to Parent Common Stock. Accordingly, from and after the Effective Time: (i) each Preferred Stock Warrant assumed by Parent may be exercised solely for shares of Parent Common Stock; (ii) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to each Preferred Stock Warrant assumed by Parent will be determined by multiplying (x) the number of shares of Company Common Stock that were subject to such Preferred Stock Warrant, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time by (y) the Exchange Ratio and rounding the resulting number down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock; (iii) the per share exercise price for the Parent Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each Preferred Stock Warrant assumed by Parent will be determined by dividing (x) the per share exercise price of Company Common Stock subject to such Preferred Stock Warrant, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, by (y) the Exchange Ratio and rounding the resulting exercise price up to the nearest thousandth of a cent; and (iv) any restriction on the exercise of any Preferred Stock Warrant assumed by Parent will continue in full force and effect, and the term, exercisability, method of exercise, vesting schedule, and other provisions of such Preferred Stock Warrant will otherwise remain unchanged; provided, however, that to the extent provided under the terms of a Preferred Stock Warrant assumed by Parent in accordance with this Section 6.19 will, in accordance with its terms, be subject to further adjustment as appropriate to reflect any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction with respect to Parent Common Stock subsequent to the Effective Time.

Section 7. Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Each Party. The obligations of each Party to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate the Contemplated Transactions to be consummated at the Closing are subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the written waiver by each of the Parties, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

7.1 Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act, and shall not be subject to any stop order or Legal Proceeding seeking a stop order with respect to the Registration Statement that has not been withdrawn. Any material state securities laws applicable to the issuance of the shares of Parent Capital Stock in connection with the Contemplated Transactions shall have been complied with and no stop order (or similar order) shall have been issued in respect of such shares of Parent Capital Stock by any applicable state securities commissioner or court of competent jurisdiction.

7.2 Regulatory Approvals. Any applicable waiting periods shall have expired or otherwise been terminated.

7.3 No Restraints. No Order preventing the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions shall have been issued by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction and remain in effect and there shall not be any Law which has the effect of making the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions illegal.

7.4 Stockholder Approval. (a) Parent shall have obtained the Required Parent Stockholder Vote (but solely with respect to such items as are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and (b) the Company shall have obtained the Required Company Stockholder Vote.

7.5 Listing. The Nasdaq Listing Application shall have been approved by Nasdaq, provided, however, if the Company elects to do a forward Split, this condition shall be deemed to be automatically waived by all Parties.

7.6 Lock-Up Agreements. The Lock-Up Agreements shall be in full force and effect.

7.7 Stock Purchase Agreement. The Stock Purchase Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

61

7.8 Parent Charter Amendment. The Parent Charter Amendment shall have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, containing such amendments as are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 8. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing are subject to the satisfaction or the written waiver by Parent, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

8.1 Accuracy of Representations. The Company Fundamental Representations shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties are specifically made as of a particular date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such date). The representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement (other than the Company Fundamental Representations) shall have been true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on the Closing Date except (a) in each case, or in the aggregate, where the failure to be so true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect (without giving effect to any references therein to any Company Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications) or (b) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which representations shall have been true and correct, subject to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (a), as of such particular date) (it being understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties, any update of or modification to the Company Disclosure Letter made or purported to have been made after the date of this Agreement shall be disregarded).

8.2 Performance of Covenants. The Company shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all agreements and covenants required to be performed or complied with by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time.

8.3 Documents. Parent shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be in full force and effect:

(a) a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifying (i) that the conditions set forth in Sections8.1, 8.2, 8.4, and 8.5 have been duly satisfied and (ii) that the information (other than emails and addresses) set forth in the Allocation Certificate delivered by the company in accordance with Section 6.13 is true and accurate in all respects as of the Closing Date;

(b) a certificate pursuant to Treasury Regulations Sections 1.1445-2(c) and 1.897-2(h), together with a form of notice to the IRS in accordance with the requirements of Treasury Regulations Section 1.897-2(h), in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent; and

(c) the Allocation Certificate.

8.4 No Company Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Company Material Adverse Effect that is continuing.

8.5 Company Stockholder Written Consent. The Company Stockholder Written Consent executed by the stockholders of the Company shall be in full force and effect.

62

8.6 Company Stockholders Equity. Immediately prior to and as of the Effective Time, the Company shall have sufficient stockholders equity as necessary such that Parent after the Effective Time meets any listing requirements as set forth by Nasdaq.

Section 9. Additional Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Company. The obligations of the Company to effect the Merger and otherwise consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Closing are subject to the satisfaction or the written waiver by the Company, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

9.1 Accuracy of Representations. The Parent Fundamental Representations shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties are specifically made as of a particular date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such date). The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement (other than the Parent Fundamental Representations) shall have been true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on the Closing Date except (a) in each case, or in the aggregate, where the failure to be so true and correct would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (without giving effect to any references therein to any Parent Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications) or (b) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which representations shall have been true and correct, subject to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (a), as of such particular date) (it being understood that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties, any update of or modification to the Parent Disclosure Letter made or purported to have been made after the date of this Agreement shall be disregarded).

9.2 Performance of Covenants. Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all of their agreements and covenants required to be performed or complied with by each of them under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time.

9.3 Documents. The Company shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be in full force and effect:

(a) a certificate executed by an executive officer of Parent certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections9.1, 9.2 and 9.4 have been duly satisfied; and

(b) written resignations in forms satisfactory to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date and effective as of the Closing executed by the officers and directors of Parent who are not to continue as officers or directors of Parent pursuant to Section6.10 hereof.

9.4 No Parent Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Parent Material Adverse Effect that is continuing.

9.5 Option Agreement. The Option Agreement shall have been duly executed.

9.6 Additional Debenture. The Parent shall have consummated and issued up to two million three hundred thousand dollars ($2,300,000) of Additional Debenture to the satisfaction of the Company.

63

9.7 Parent Minimum Cash. Immediately prior to and as of the Effective Time, the Parent shall have Parent Net Cash equal to or in excess of negative two million six hundred ninety thousand dollars (-$2,690,000)..

9.8 Certificate of Designation. Parent shall have filed the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada.

Section 10. Termination.

10.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time (whether before or after adoption of this Agreement by the Companys stockholders and whether before or after approval of the Parent Stockholder Matters by Parents stockholders, unless otherwise specified below):

(a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;

(b) by either Parent or the Company if the Merger shall not have been consummated by the date that is the nine (9) month anniversary of the date hereof (subject to possible extension as provided in this Section10.1(b), the End Date); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section10.1(b) shall not be available to the Company or Parent if such Partys (or in the case of Parent, Merger Subs) action or failure to act has been a principal cause of the failure of the Merger to occur on or before the End Date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of this Agreement, provided further, however, that, in the event that the SEC has not declared effective under the Securities Act the Registration Statement, then either the Company or Parent shall be entitled to extend the End Date for an additional sixty (60) days;

(c) by either Parent or the Company if a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority shall have issued a final and nonappealable Order having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Contemplated Transactions;

(d) by Parent if the Required Company Stockholder Vote shall not have been obtained within two (2) Business Days of the Registration Statement becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act; provided, however, that once the Required Company Stockholder Vote has been obtained, Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section10.1(d);

(e) by either Parent or the Company if (i) the Parent Stockholder Meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) shall have been held and completed and Parents stockholders shall have taken a final vote on the Parent Stockholder Matters and (ii) the Parent Stockholder Matters shall not have been approved at the Parent Stockholder Meeting (or at any adjournment or postponement thereof) by the Required Parent Stockholder Vote; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section10.1(e) shall not be available to Parent where the failure to obtain the Required Parent Stockholder Vote shall have been caused by the action or failure to act of Parent and such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach by Parent of this Agreement;

(f) by the Company (at any time prior to the approval of the Parent Stockholder Matters by the Required Parent Stockholder Vote) if a Parent Triggering Event shall have occurred or by the Parent (at any time prior to the approval of the Parent Stockholder Matters by the Required Company Stockholder Vote) if a Company Triggering Event shall have occurred;

64

(g) by the Company, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub or if any representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub shall have become inaccurate, in either case, such that the conditions set forth in Section9.1 or Section9.2 would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have become inaccurate; provided, that the Company is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement; provided further, that if such inaccuracy in Parents or Merger Subs representations and warranties or breach by Parent or Merger Sub is curable by Parent or Merger Sub, then the Company shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section10.1(g) as a result of such particular breach or inaccuracy until the earlier of (i) the expiration of a thirty (30) day period commencing upon delivery of written notice from the Company to Parent or Merger Sub of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention to terminate pursuant to this Section10.1(g) and (ii) Parent or Merger Sub (as applicable) ceasing to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach following delivery of written notice from the Company to Parent or Merger Sub of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention to terminate pursuant to this Section10.1(g) (it being understood that the Company shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section10.1(g) as a result of such particular breach or inaccuracy if such breach by Parent or Merger Sub is cured prior to such termination becoming effective); or

(h) by Parent, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement by the Company or if any representation or warranty of the Company shall have become inaccurate, in either case, such that the conditions set forth in Section8.1 or Section8.2 would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have become inaccurate; provided that Parent is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement under this Agreement; provided, further, that if such inaccuracy in the Companys representations and warranties or breach by the Company is curable by the Company then Parent shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) as a result of such particular breach or inaccuracy until the earlier of (i) the expiration of a thirty (30) day period commencing upon delivery of written notice from Parent to the Company of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention to terminate pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) and (ii) the Company ceasing to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach following delivery of written notice from Parent to the Company of such breach or inaccuracy and its intention to terminate pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) (it being understood that Parent shall not be permitted to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(h) as a result of such particular breach or inaccuracy if such breach by the Company is cured prior to such termination becoming effective).

The Party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section10.1 (other than pursuant to Section10.1(a)) shall give a notice of such termination to the other Party specifying the provisions hereof pursuant to which such termination is made and the basis therefor described in reasonable detail.

10.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section10.1, this Agreement shall be of no further force or effect; provided, however, that (a) this Section10.2, Section10.3 and Section11 (other than Section 11.8) and the related definitions of the defined terms in such sections shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect and (b) the termination of this Agreement and the provisions of Section10.3 shall not relieve any Party of any liability for fraud or for any willful and material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or other provision contained in this Agreement.

10.3 Expenses. Except as set forth in this Section10.3, Section 6.4(e) and Section 6.7, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated.

65

Section 11. Miscellaneous Provisions.

11.1 Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement or any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective Time, and only the covenants that by their terms survive the Effective Time and this Section11 shall survive the Effective Time.

11.2 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended with the approval of the respective boards of directors of the Company, Merger Sub and Parent at any time (whether before or after the adoption and approval of this Agreement by the Companys stockholders or before or after obtaining the Required Parent Stockholder Vote); provided, however, that after any such approval of this Agreement by a Partys stockholders, no amendment shall be made which by Law requires further approval of such stockholders without the further approval of such stockholders. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the Company, Merger Sub and Parent.

11.3 Waiver.

(a) Any provision hereof may be waived by the waiving Party solely on such Partys own behalf, without the consent of any other Party. No failure on the part of any Party to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, and no delay on the part of any Party in exercising any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, shall operate as a waiver of such power, right, privilege or remedy; and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right, privilege or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy.

(b) No Party shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of this Agreement, or any power, right, privilege or remedy under this Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege or remedy is expressly set forth in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any effect except in the specific instance in which it is given.

11.4 Entire Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile. This Agreement and the other schedules, exhibits, certificates, instruments and agreements referred to in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among or between any of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof; provided, however, that the Confidentiality Agreement shall not be superseded and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms; provided, further, that only Exhibit C (including Exhibit A to such Exhibit) are incorporated by reference and made a part hereof for purposes of Section 92A.100 of the NRS. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by all Parties by facsimile or electronic transmission in PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the Parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

11.5 Applicable Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. In any action or proceeding between any of the Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any of the Contemplated Transactions, each of the Parties: (a) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state court of Texas or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal courts sitting in Texas, (b) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (a) of this Section11.5, (c) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such courts, (d) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any Party, (e) agrees that service of process upon such Party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section11.7 of this Agreement and (f) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury.

66

11.6 Assignability. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any of a Partys rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or delegated by such Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any attempted assignment or delegation of this Agreement or any of such rights or obligations by such Party without the other Partys prior written consent shall be void and of no effect.

11.7 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly delivered and received hereunder (a) one (1) Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international overnight courier service, (b) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand or (c) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if sent by email or facsimile (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery) prior to 6:00 p.m. (New York City time), otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day, in each case to the intended recipient as set forth below:

if to Parent or Merger Sub:

Blackboxstocks, Inc.

530 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485

Dallas, TX 75240

Attn: Gust Kepler, Chief Executive Officer

Email: gust@blackboxstocks.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Winstead PC

500 Winstead Building

2728 N. Harwood Street

Dallas, TX 75201

Attn: Jeff McPhaul

Email: jmcphaul@winstead.com

if to the Company:

REalloys Inc.

7280 W. Palmeto Park Rd.

Suite 302N

Boca Raton, FL 33433

Attn: Tony Wonnacott, Corporate Secretary

Email: corpsec@realloys.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Haynes and Boone, LLP

30 Rockefeller Plaza

26th Floor

New York, NY 10112

Attn: Rick A. Werner

Alla Digilova

Simin Sun

Email: rick.werner@haynesboone.com;

alla.digilova@haynesboone.com;

simin.sun@haynesboone.com

67

11.8 Cooperation. Each Party agrees to cooperate fully with the other Party and to execute and deliver such further documents, certificates, agreements and instruments and to take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the other Party to evidence or reflect the Contemplated Transactions and to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

11.9 Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to limit such term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases or to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, the Parties agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term or provision.

11.10 Other Remedies; Specific Performance. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a Party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such Party, and the exercise by a Party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The Parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms (including failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder to consummate this Agreement) or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in state court of Texas or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, a federal court sitting in Texas, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity, and each of the Parties waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other Party with respect thereto. Each of the Parties further agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other Party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

11.11 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person (other than the Parties and the D&O Indemnified Parties to the extent of their respective rights pursuant to Section6.5) any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

68

In Witness Whereof, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.

Blackboxstocks, Inc. 

By: 

/s/ Gust Kepler 

Name: 

Gust Kepler 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

RABLBX Merger Sub Inc. 

By: 

/s/ Gust Kepler 

Name: 

Gust Kepler 

Title: 

President 

Realloys Inc. 

By: 

/s/ Leonard Sternheim 

Name: 

Leonard Sternheim 

Title: 

President 

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]

Exhibit A-1

FORM OF PARENT STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This Support Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of [ ], 2025, by and among REalloys Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Parent), and the undersigned holder (the Stockholder) of Shares (as defined below) of Parent. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, Parent, the Company, RABLBX Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger Sub) have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated of even date herewith (as such agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Stockholder is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) and has sole or shared voting power with respect to such number of Shares, and holds Parent Options or Parent Warrants to acquire the number of Shares, as indicated in Appendix A.

WHEREAS, as an inducement and a condition to the willingness of the Company and Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of, and as a condition to, Company and Parent entering into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder, Parent and the Company agree as follows:

1. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(a) Constructive Sale means, with respect to any security, a short sale with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a derivative contract with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a futures or forward contract to deliver such security or entering into any other hedging or other derivative transaction that has the effect of either directly or indirectly materially changing the economic benefits or risks of ownership of such security.

(b) Shares means (i) all shares of Parent Capital Stock owned, beneficially or of record, by the Stockholder as of the date hereof, (ii) all additional shares of Parent Capital Stock acquired by the Stockholder, beneficially or of record, during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date (as defined below) and (iii) any shares of capital stock or other equity securities of Parent that such Stockholder acquires or with respect to which such Stockholder otherwise acquires sole or shared voting power (including any proxy) after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, whether by exercise of any Parent Options or Parent Warrants or otherwise, including, without limitation, by gift, succession, in the event of a stock split or as a dividend or distribution of any Shares.

Page 1

(c) Transfer or Transferred means, with respect to any security, the direct or indirect assignment, sale, transfer, tender, exchange, pledge or hypothecation, or the grant, creation or suffrage of a lien, security interest or encumbrance in or upon, or the gift, grant or placement in trust, or the Constructive Sale or other disposition of such security (including transfers by testamentary or intestate succession, by domestic relations order or other court order, or otherwise by operation of law) or any right, title or interest therein (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled, whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise), or the record or beneficial ownership thereof, the offer to make such a sale, transfer, Constructive Sale or other disposition, and each agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.

2. Transfer and Voting Restrictions. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2(c), during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, the Stockholder shall not Transfer any of the Stockholders Shares, or publicly announce its intention to Transfer any of its Shares.

(b) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not commit any act that would restrict the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares held by the Stockholder or otherwise prevent or disable the Stockholder from performing any of his, her or its obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for this Agreement, and as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, the Stockholder shall not enter into any voting agreement with any person or entity with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, grant any person or entity any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Shares, deposit any Shares in a voting trust or otherwise enter into any agreement or arrangement with any person or entity limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares in favor of the Parent Stockholder Matters and against any competing proposals.

(c) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not enter into any Contract, option, commitment or other arrangement or understanding with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any right, title or interest (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise) to any Shares or take any action that would reasonably be expected to make any representation or warranty of such Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of restricting the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares or would otherwise prevent or disable such Stockholder from performing any of such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

Page 2

(d) Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, the Stockholder may, at any time, Transfer Shares (i) by will or other testamentary document or by intestacy, (ii) to any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by the Stockholder or the investment adviser or general partner of the Stockholder, or an entity under common control or management with the Stockholders (in each case, directly or indirectly), (iii) to any member of the Stockholders immediate family (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, to an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder), (iv) to any trust or other entity for the direct or indirect benefit of the Stockholder or the immediate family of the Stockholder (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, for the direct or indirect benefit of an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder) or otherwise for estate tax or estate planning purposes, (v) in the case of a Stockholder who is not a natural person, by pro rata distributions from the Stockholder to its members, partners, or shareholders pursuant to the Stockholders organizational documents, (vi) with respect to such Stockholders Parent Options or Parent Warrants (and any Shares underlying such Parent Options or Parent Warrants) which expire on or prior to the Expiration Date, to Parent (or effecting a net exercise of a Parent Option or Parent Warrant) as payment for the (a) exercise price of such Stockholders Parent Options or Parent Warrants and (b) taxes applicable to the exercise of such Stockholders Parent Options or Parent Warrants, (vii) to another holder of capital stock of Parent that has signed a support agreement that is reasonably acceptable to the Company, (viii) as the Company may otherwise agree in writing in its sole discretion; provided, that in the cases of clauses (i)-(viii), (1) such Transferred Shares shall continue to be bound by this Agreement and (2) the applicable direct transferee (if any) of such Transferred Shares shall have executed and delivered to Parent and the Company a support agreement substantially identical to this Agreement upon consummation of the Transfer, or (ix) to the extent required by applicable Law.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall obligate the Stockholder to exercise any option or any other right to acquire any shares of Parent Common Stock.

3. Agreement to Vote Shares. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Until the Expiration Date, at any meeting of the stockholders of Parent, however called, and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of Parent, the Stockholder shall (i) appear at such meeting as present (in person or by proxy) for purposes of calculating a quorum and (ii) vote, or exercise its right to consent with respect to, all Shares held by the Stockholder (A) in favor of the Parent Stockholder Matters, and (B) against any agreement, transaction or other matter that is intended to, or would reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially and adversely affect the Parent Stockholder Matters (the Contemplated Transactions). Stockholder shall not take or commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing. 

(b) If the Stockholder is the beneficial owner, but not the record holder, of Shares, the Stockholder agrees to take all actions necessary to cause the record holder and any nominees to be present (in person or by proxy) and vote all the Stockholders Shares in accordance with this Section 3.

Page 3

(c) In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the capital stock of Parent by reason of any split-up, reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification, reincorporation, exchange of shares or the like, the term Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.

4. Action in Stockholder Capacity Only. The Stockholder is entering into this Agreement solely in the Stockholders capacity as a record holder and/or beneficial owner, as applicable, of its Shares and not in the Stockholders capacity as a director or officer of Parent. Nothing herein shall limit or affect the Stockholders ability to act as an officer or director of Parent.

5. Irrevocable Proxy. The Stockholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that the Stockholder has heretofore granted with respect to its Shares. In the event and to the extent that the Stockholder fails to vote the Shares in accordance with Section 3 at any applicable meeting of the stockholders of Parent or pursuant to any applicable written consent of the stockholders of Parent, the Stockholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably granted to, and appointed, Parent, and any individual designated in writing by it, and each of them individually, as his, her or its proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in its name, place and stead, to vote his, her or its Shares in any action by written consent of Parent stockholders or at any meeting of Parents stockholders called with respect to any of the matters specified in, and in accordance and consistent with, Section 3 of this Agreement. Parent agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement and the Stockholder affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 5 is given in connection with, and granted in consideration of, and as an inducement to the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Stockholder under Section 3. Except as otherwise provided for herein, the Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked and that such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable. The irrevocable proxy and power of attorney granted herein shall survive the death or incapacity of such Stockholder and the obligations of such Stockholder shall be binding on such Stockholders heirs, personal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the irrevocable proxy granted hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the termination of this Agreement.

6. Documentation and Information. The Stockholder shall permit and hereby authorizes Parent and the Company to publish and disclose in all documents and schedules filed with the SEC, and any press release or other disclosure document that Parent or the Company reasonably determines to be necessary in connection with the Merger and any of the Contemplated Transactions, a copy of this Agreement, the Stockholders identity and ownership of the Shares and the nature of the Stockholders commitments and obligations under this Agreement. Each of Parent and the Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 6.

Page 4

7. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent and the Company as follows:

(a) (i) The Stockholder is the beneficial or record owner of the shares of Parent Capital Stock, Parent Options, and or Parent Warrants indicated in Appendix A (each of which shall be deemed to be held by the Stockholder for purposes of Section 3 unless otherwise expressly stated with respect to any shares in Appendix A), free and clear of any and all Encumbrances (except for any Encumbrance that may be imposed pursuant to this Agreement, and Encumbrances arising under applicable securities or community property laws); and (ii) the Stockholder does not beneficially own any securities of Parent other than the shares of Parent Common Stock and rights to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock set forth in Appendix A.

(b) With respect to any Stockholder that is an entity, the Stockholder is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and is qualified to conduct its business in those jurisdictions necessary to perform this Agreement.

(c) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Stockholder has full power, legal capacity and authority to (i) make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and (ii) vote all of its Shares in the manner set forth in this Agreement without the consent or approval of, or any other action on the part of, any other person or entity (including any Governmental Body). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Stockholder has not entered into any voting agreement (other than this Agreement) with any person with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, granted any person any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, deposited any of the Stockholders Shares in a voting trust or entered into any arrangement or agreement with any person limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares on any matter contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto) constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Stockholder enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other similar laws and general principles of equity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder and the performance by the Stockholder of the agreements and obligations hereunder will not result in any breach or violation of or be in conflict with or constitute a default under any term of any Contract or if applicable any provision of an organizational document (including a certificate of incorporation) to or by which the Stockholder is a party or bound, or any applicable law to which the Stockholder (or any of the Stockholders assets) is subject or bound, except for any such breach, violation, conflict or default which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to materially impair or adversely affect the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(e) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder do not and will not require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, action by, filing with or notification to, any Governmental Body, except for any such consent, approval, authorization, permit, action, filing or notification the failure of which to make or obtain, individually or in the aggregate, has not and would not materially impair the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Page 5

(f) The Stockholder has had the opportunity to review the Merger Agreement and this Agreement with counsel of the Stockholders own choosing. The Stockholder has had an opportunity to review with its own tax advisors the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that it must rely solely on its advisors and not on any statements or representations made by Parent, the Company or any of their respective agents or representatives with respect to the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that such Stockholder (and not Parent, the Company, or the Surviving Corporation) shall be responsible for such Stockholders tax liability that may arise as a result of the Merger or the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands and acknowledges that the Company, Parent and Merger Sub are entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon the Stockholders execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(g) With respect to the Stockholder, as of the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Stockholder, threatened against, the Stockholder or any of the Stockholders properties or assets (including the Shares) that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the Stockholder to perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

8. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall cease to be of any further force or effect as of the earliest of (a) such date and time as the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to the terms thereof, (b) the Effective Time or (c) the time this Agreement is terminated upon mutual written agreement of the parties to terminate this Agreement (clauses (a)-(c), the Expiration Date); provided, however, that (i) Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and (ii) the termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any party hereto from any liability for any material and willful breach of this Agreement prior to the Effective Time.

9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Amendments. No amendment of this Agreement shall be effective against any party unless it shall be in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto.

(b) Entire Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by all parties by facsimile or electronic transmission in PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Page 6

(c) Applicable Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. In any action or proceeding between any of the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each of the parties: (i) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state court of the State of Nevada or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal courts sitting in Nevada, (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (i) of this Section 9(c), (iii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such courts, (iv) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party, (v) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 9(h) of this Agreement and (vi) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury.

(d) Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any of a partys rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or delegated (except by Merger) by such party without the prior written consent of the other party, and any attempted assignment or delegation of this Agreement or any of such rights or obligations by such party without the other partys prior written consent shall be void and of no effect.

(e) No Third Party Rights. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to limit such term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases or to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, the Parties agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term or provision.

(g) Specific Performance.Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms (including failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder to consummate this Agreement) or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof the state court of the State of New York or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States Southern District Court for the District of New York, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity, and each of the parties waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each of the parties further agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

Page 7

(h) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly delivered (i) one (1) Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international overnight courier service, (ii) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand or (iii) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if sent by email or facsimile (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery) prior to 6:00 p.m. (New York City time), otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day, (A) if to the Company or Parent, to the address, electronic mail address or facsimile provided in Section 11.7 of the Merger Agreement, including to the persons designated therein to receive copies; and/or (B) if to the Stockholder, to the Stockholders address, electronic mail address or facsimile shown below Stockholders signature to this Agreement.

(i) Confidentiality. Except to the extent required by applicable Law or regulation, the Stockholder shall hold any non-public information regarding the Company, this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the Merger in strict confidence and shall not divulge any such information to any third person until the Company and Parent have publicly disclosed their entry into the Merger Agreement and this Agreement; provided, however, that the Stockholder may disclose such information to its Affiliates, attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors (provided that such Persons are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein). Neither the Stockholder nor any of its Affiliates (other than Parent, whose actions shall be governed by the Merger Agreement), shall issue or cause the publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect to Parent, this Agreement, the Merger, the Merger Agreement or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby without the prior written consent of the Company and Parent, except as may be required by applicable Law in which circumstance such announcing party shall make reasonable efforts to consult with the Company and Parent to the extent practicable.

Page 8

(j) Interpretation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. References to Sections and Appendixes are to Sections and Appendixes of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any capitalized terms used in any Appendix but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall include masculine and feminine gender. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. The word or is not exclusive. Writing, written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or Contract are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References to any statute are to that statute and to the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended, modified, re-enacted thereof, substituted, from time to time. References to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States. All accounting terms used herein will be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder will be made, in accordance with GAAP unless otherwise expressly specified. References from or through any date shall mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. All references to days shall be to calendar days unless otherwise indicated as a Business Day. Except as otherwise specifically indicated, for purposes of measuring the beginning and ending of time periods in this Agreement (including for purposes of Business Day and for hours in a day or Business Day), the time at which a thing, occurrence or event shall begin or end shall be deemed to occur in the Eastern time zone of the United States. The Parties agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

Page 9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

REALLOYS, INC.

_______________________________

By: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

PARENT:

BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC. 

_______________________________

By: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

[STOCKHOLDER],

in his/her capacity as the Stockholder:

Signature: _______________________________

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

Appendix A

Name of 

Stockholder 

Address of 

Stockholder 

Email Address 

of Stockholder 

Shares of 

Parent Capital 

Stock 

Shares 

Underlying 

Parent Options 

Shares 

Underlying 

Parent 

Warrants

Exhibit A-2

FORM OF COMPANY STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This Support Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of [ ], 2025, by and among REalloys Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Parent), and the undersigned holder (the Stockholder) of Shares (as defined below) of Company. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, Parent, the Company, RABLBX Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger Sub) have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated of even date herewith (as such agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Stockholder is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) and has sole or shared voting power with respect to such number of Shares, and holds Company Options or Company Warrants to acquire the number of Shares, as indicated in Appendix A.

WHEREAS, as an inducement and a condition to the willingness of the Company and Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of, and as a condition to, Company and Parent entering into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder, Parent and the Company agree as follows:

1. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(a) Constructive Sale means, with respect to any security, a short sale with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a derivative contract with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a futures or forward contract to deliver such security or entering into any other hedging or other derivative transaction that has the effect of either directly or indirectly materially changing the economic benefits or risks of ownership of such security.

(b) Shares means (i) all shares of Company Capital Stock owned, beneficially or of record, by the Stockholder as of the date hereof, (ii) all additional shares of Company Capital Stock acquired by the Stockholder, beneficially or of record, during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date (as defined below) and (iii) any shares of capital stock or other equity securities of Company that such Stockholder acquires or with respect to which such Stockholder otherwise acquires sole or shared voting power (including any proxy) after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, whether by exercise of any Company Options or Company Warrants or otherwise, including, without limitation, by gift, succession, in the event of a stock split or as a dividend or distribution of any Shares.

Page 1

(c) Transfer or Transferred means, with respect to any security, the direct or indirect assignment, sale, transfer, tender, exchange, pledge or hypothecation, or the grant, creation or suffrage of a lien, security interest or encumbrance in or upon, or the gift, grant or placement in trust, or the Constructive Sale or other disposition of such security (including transfers by testamentary or intestate succession, by domestic relations order or other court order, or otherwise by operation of law) or any right, title or interest therein (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled, whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise), or the record or beneficial ownership thereof, the offer to make such a sale, transfer, Constructive Sale or other disposition, and each agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.

2. Transfer and Voting Restrictions. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2(c), during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, the Stockholder shall not Transfer any of the Stockholders Shares, or publicly announce its intention to Transfer any of its Shares.

(b) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not commit any act that would restrict the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares held by the Stockholder or otherwise prevent or disable the Stockholder from performing any of his, her or its obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for this Agreement, and as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, the Stockholder shall not enter into any voting agreement with any person or entity with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, grant any person or entity any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Shares, deposit any Shares in a voting trust or otherwise enter into any agreement or arrangement with any person or entity limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares in favor of the (i) adopting and approving this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, (ii) acknowledging that the approval given thereby is irrevocable and that such stockholder is aware of its rights to demand appraisal for its shares pursuant to Section 92A.380 of the NRS, and that such stockholder has received and read a copy of Section 92A.380 of the NRS and (iii) acknowledging that by its approval of the Merger it is not entitled to appraisal rights with respect to its shares in connection with the Merger and thereby waives any rights to receive payment of the fair value of its capital stock under the NRS (the Company Stockholder Matters) and against any competing proposals.

(c) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not enter into any Contract, option, commitment or other arrangement or understanding with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any right, title or interest (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise) to any Shares or take any action that would reasonably be expected to make any representation or warranty of such Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of restricting the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares or would otherwise prevent or disable such Stockholder from performing any of such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

Page 2

(d) Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, the Stockholder may, at any time, Transfer Shares (i) by will or other testamentary document or by intestacy, (ii) to any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by the Stockholder or the investment adviser or general partner of the Stockholder, or an entity under common control or management with the Stockholders (in each case, directly or indirectly), (iii) to any member of the Stockholders immediate family (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, to an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder), (iv) to any trust or other entity for the direct or indirect benefit of the Stockholder or the immediate family of the Stockholder (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, for the direct or indirect benefit of an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder) or otherwise for estate tax or estate planning purposes, (v) in the case of a Stockholder who is not a natural person, by pro rata distributions from the Stockholder to its members, partners, or shareholders pursuant to the Stockholders organizational documents, (vi) with respect to such Stockholders Company Options or Company Warrants (and any Shares underlying such Company Options or Company Warrants) which expire on or prior to the Expiration Date, Transfers of Shares to Company (or effecting a net exercise of a Company Options or Company Warrants) as payment for the (a) exercise price of such Stockholders Company Options or Company Warrants and (b) taxes applicable to the exercise of such Stockholders Company Options or Company Warrants, (vii) transfers to another holder of capital stock of Company that has signed a support agreement that is reasonably acceptable to the Parent, (viii) transfers, sales or other dispositions as the Parent may otherwise agree in writing in its sole discretion; provided, that in the cases of clauses (i)-(viii), (1) such Transferred Shares shall continue to be bound by this Agreement and (2) the applicable direct transferee (if any) of such Transferred Shares shall have executed and delivered to Parent and the Company a support agreement substantially identical to this Agreement upon consummation of the Transfer, (ix) purchased from Company on or about the Closing Date but prior to the Closing or (x) to the extent required by applicable Law.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall obligate the Stockholder to exercise any option or any other right to acquire any shares of Company Common Stock.

3. Agreement to Vote Shares. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Until the Expiration Date, at any meeting of the stockholders of Company, however called, and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of Company, the Stockholder shall (i) appear at such meeting as present (in person or by proxy) for purposes of calculating a quorum if applicable and (ii) vote, or exercise its right to consent with respect to, all Shares held by the Stockholder (A) in favor of the Company Stockholder Matters, and (B) against any agreement, transaction or other matter that is intended to, or would reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially and adversely affect the Company Stockholder Matters (the Contemplated Transactions). Stockholder shall not take or commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing. 

Page 3

(b) If the Stockholder is the beneficial owner, but not the record holder, of Shares, the Stockholder agrees to take all actions necessary to cause the record holder and any nominees to be present (in person or by proxy) and vote all the Stockholders Shares in accordance with this Section 3.

(c) In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the capital stock of Company by reason of any split-up, reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification, reincorporation, exchange of shares or the like, the term Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.

4. Action in Stockholder Capacity Only. The Stockholder is entering into this Agreement solely in the Stockholders capacity as a record holder and/or beneficial owner, as applicable, of its Shares and not in the Stockholders capacity as a director or officer of Company. Nothing herein shall limit or affect the Stockholders ability to act as an officer or director of Company.

5. Irrevocable Proxy. The Stockholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that the Stockholder has heretofore granted with respect to its Shares. In the event and to the extent that the Stockholder fails to vote the Shares in accordance with Section 3 at any applicable meeting of the stockholders of Company or pursuant to any applicable written consent of the stockholders of Company, the Stockholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably granted to, and appointed, Company, and any individual designated in writing by it, and each of them individually, as his, her or its proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in its name, place and stead, to vote his, her or its Shares in any action by written consent of Company stockholders or at any meeting of Companys stockholders called with respect to any of the matters specified in, and in accordance and consistent with, Section 3 of this Agreement. Company agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement and the Stockholder affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 5 is given in connection with, and granted in consideration of, and as an inducement to the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Stockholder under Section 3. Except as otherwise provided for herein, the Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked and that such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable. The irrevocable proxy and power of attorney granted herein shall survive the death or incapacity of such Stockholder and the obligations of such Stockholder shall be binding on such Stockholders heirs, personal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the irrevocable proxy granted hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the termination of this Agreement.

Page 4

6. Documentation and Information. The Stockholder shall permit and hereby authorizes Parent and the Company to publish and disclose in all documents and schedules filed with the SEC, and any press release or other disclosure document that Parent or the Company reasonably determines to be necessary in connection with the Merger and any of the Contemplated Transactions, a copy of this Agreement, the Stockholders identity and ownership of the Shares and the nature of the Stockholders commitments and obligations under this Agreement. Each of Parent and the Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 6.

7. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent and the Company as follows:

(a) (i) The Stockholder is the beneficial or record owner of the shares of Company Capital Stock, Company Options, and or Company Warrants indicated in Appendix A (each of which shall be deemed to be held by the Stockholder for purposes of Section 3 unless otherwise expressly stated with respect to any shares in Appendix A), free and clear of any and all Encumbrances (except for any Encumbrance that may be imposed pursuant to this Agreement, and Encumbrances arising under applicable securities or community property laws); and (ii) the Stockholder does not beneficially own any securities of Company other than the shares of Company Common Stock and rights to purchase shares of Company Common Stock set forth in Appendix A.

(b) With respect to any Stockholder that is an entity, the Stockholder is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and is qualified to conduct its business in those jurisdictions necessary to perform this Agreement.

(c) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Stockholder has full power, legal capacity and authority to (i) make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and (ii) vote all of its Shares in the manner set forth in this Agreement without the consent or approval of, or any other action on the part of, any other person or entity (including any Governmental Body). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Stockholder has not entered into any voting agreement (other than this Agreement) with any person with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, granted any person any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, deposited any of the Stockholders Shares in a voting trust or entered into any arrangement or agreement with any person limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares on any matter contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto) constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Stockholder enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other similar laws and general principles of equity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder and the performance by the Stockholder of the agreements and obligations hereunder will not result in any breach or violation of or be in conflict with or constitute a default under any term of any Contract or if applicable any provision of an organizational document (including a certificate of incorporation) to or by which the Stockholder is a party or bound, or any applicable law to which the Stockholder (or any of the Stockholders assets) is subject or bound, except for any such breach, violation, conflict or default which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to materially impair or adversely affect the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Page 5

(e) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder do not and will not require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, action by, filing with or notification to, any Governmental Body, except for any such consent, approval, authorization, permit, action, filing or notification the failure of which to make or obtain, individually or in the aggregate, has not and would not materially impair the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(f) The Stockholder has had the opportunity to review the Merger Agreement and this Agreement with counsel of the Stockholders own choosing. The Stockholder has had an opportunity to review with its own tax advisors the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that it must rely solely on its advisors and not on any statements or representations made by Parent, the Company or any of their respective agents or representatives with respect to the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that such Stockholder (and not Parent, the Company, or the Surviving Corporation) shall be responsible for such Stockholders tax liability that may arise as a result of the Merger or the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands and acknowledges that the Company, Parent and Merger Sub are entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon the Stockholders execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(g) With respect to the Stockholder, as of the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Stockholder, threatened against, the Stockholder or any of the Stockholders properties or assets (including the Shares) that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the Stockholder to perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

8. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall cease to be of any further force or effect as of the earliest of (a) such date and time as the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to the terms thereof, (b) the Effective Time or (c) the time this Agreement is terminated upon mutual written agreement of the parties to terminate this Agreement (clauses (a)-(c), the Expiration Date); provided, however, that (i) Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and (ii) the termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any party hereto from any liability for any material and willful breach of this Agreement prior to the Effective Time.

9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Amendments. No amendment of this Agreement shall be effective against any party unless it shall be in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto.

(b) Entire Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by all parties by facsimile or electronic transmission in PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Page 6

(c) Applicable Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. In any action or proceeding between any of the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each of the parties: (i) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state court of the State of Nevada or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal courts sitting in Nevada, (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (i) of this Section 9(c), (iii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such courts, (iv) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party, (v) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 9(h) of this Agreement and (vi) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury.

(d) Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any of a partys rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or delegated (except by Merger) by such party without the prior written consent of the other party, and any attempted assignment or delegation of this Agreement or any of such rights or obligations by such party without the other partys prior written consent shall be void and of no effect.

(e) No Third Party Rights. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to limit such term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases or to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, the Parties agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term or provision.

Page 7

(g) Specific Performance.Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms (including failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder to consummate this Agreement) or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof the state court of the State of New York or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States Southern District Court for the District of New York, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity, and each of the parties waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each of the parties further agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

(h) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly delivered (i) one (1) Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international overnight courier service, (ii) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand or (iii) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if sent by email or facsimile (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery) prior to 6:00 p.m. (New York City time), otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day, (A) if to the Company or Parent, to the address, electronic mail address or facsimile provided in Section 11.7 of the Merger Agreement, including to the persons designated therein to receive copies; and/or (B) if to the Stockholder, to the Stockholders address, electronic mail address or facsimile shown below Stockholders signature to this Agreement.

(i) Confidentiality. Except to the extent required by applicable Law or regulation, the Stockholder shall hold any non-public information regarding the Company, this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the Merger in strict confidence and shall not divulge any such information to any third person until the Company and Parent have publicly disclosed their entry into the Merger Agreement and this Agreement; provided, however, that the Stockholder may disclose such information to its Affiliates, attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors (provided that such Persons are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein). Neither the Stockholder nor any of its Affiliates (other than Parent, whose actions shall be governed by the Merger Agreement), shall issue or cause the publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect to Parent, this Agreement, the Merger, the Merger Agreement or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby without the prior written consent of the Company and Parent, except as may be required by applicable Law in which circumstance such announcing party shall make reasonable efforts to consult with the Company and Parent to the extent practicable.

Page 8

(j) Interpretation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. References to Sections and Appendixes are to Sections and Appendixes of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any capitalized terms used in any Appendix but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall include masculine and feminine gender. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. The word or is not exclusive. Writing, written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or Contract are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References to any statute are to that statute and to the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended, modified, re-enacted thereof, substituted, from time to time. References to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States. All accounting terms used herein will be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder will be made, in accordance with GAAP unless otherwise expressly specified. References from or through any date shall mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. All references to days shall be to calendar days unless otherwise indicated as a Business Day. Except as otherwise specifically indicated, for purposes of measuring the beginning and ending of time periods in this Agreement (including for purposes of Business Day and for hours in a day or Business Day), the time at which a thing, occurrence or event shall begin or end shall be deemed to occur in the Eastern time zone of the United States. The Parties agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

Page 9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

REALLOYS, INC.

_______________________________

By: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

PARENT:

BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC. 

_______________________________

By: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

[STOCKHOLDER],

in his/her capacity as the Stockholder:

Signature: _______________________________

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

Appendix A

Name of 

Stockholder 

Address of 

Stockholder 

Email Address 

of Stockholder 

Shares of 

Company 

Capital Stock 

Shares 

Underlying 

Company 

Options 

Shares 

Underlying 

Company 

Warrants

Exhibit B

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

[ ], 2025

REalloys Inc.

7280 W. Palmeto Park Rd.

Suite 302N

Boca Raton, FL 33433

Attn: Tony Wonnacott, Corporate Secretary

Email: corpsec@realloys.com

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned signatory of this lock-up agreement (this Lock-Up Agreement) understands that Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Parent), is entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2025 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the Merger Agreement) with RABLBX Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and REalloys Inc. a Nevada corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement.

As a condition and inducement to each of the parties to enter into the Merger Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby irrevocably agrees that, subject to the exceptions set forth herein, without the prior written consent of Parent, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing upon the Closing and ending on the date that is 180 days after the Closing Date (the Restricted Period):

(1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Parent Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Parent Common Stock (including without limitation, shares of Parent Common Stock or such other securities of Parent which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and securities of Parent which may be issued upon exercise or vesting, as applicable, of a stock option or warrant or settlement of a restricted stock unit or restricted stock award and Parent Common Stock or such other securities to be issued to the undersigned in connection with the Merger, in each case, that are currently or hereafter owned of record or beneficially (including holding as a custodian)) by the undersigned, except as set forth below (collectively, the Undersigneds Shares);

(2) enter into any swap, short sale, hedge or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Undersigneds Shares regardless of whether any such transaction described in clause (1) above or this clause (2) is to be settled by delivery of shares of Parent Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise;

(3) make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of any shares of Parent Common Stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Parent Common Stock (other than such rights set forth in the Merger Agreement); or

(4) except for any support agreement entered into as of the date hereof by the undersigned with Parent and the Company, grant any proxies or powers of attorney with respect to any Parent Common Stock, deposit any Parent Common Stock into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or similar arrangement or commitment with respect to any Parent Common Stock; or

(5) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing.

Following the Restricted Period and for a period of 180 days after the Restricted Period (the Leak-Out Period), the undersigned may offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Unsigned Shares except the undersigned shall not be allowed to do any of the foregoing as it relates to more than 10% of the Undersigneds Shares in any one (1) month.

The restrictions and obligations contemplated by this Lock-Up Agreement shall not apply to:

(a) transfers of the Undersigneds Shares:

(i) (A) to any person related to the undersigned (or to an ultimate beneficial owner of the undersigned) by blood or adoption who is an immediate family member of the undersigned, or by marriage or domestic partnership (a Family Member), or to a trust formed for the benefit of the undersigned or any of the undersigneds Family Members, (B) to the undersigneds estate, following the death of the undersigned, by will, intestacy or other operation of Law, (C) as a bona fide gift or a charitable contribution, as such term is described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code, or otherwise to a trust or other entity for the direct or indirect benefit of an immediate family member of a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of the Undersigneds Shares (D) by operation of Law, such as pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in connection with a divorce settlement or (E) to any partnership, corporation, limited liability company or other entity, in each case, the beneficial ownership interests of all of which are held by or otherwise under common control (via beneficial ownership, contract or otherwise) with the undersigned or a Family Member of the undersigned;

(ii) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity, (A) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity that is a direct or indirect affiliate (as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) of the undersigned, including investment funds or other entities that controls or manages, is under common control or management with, or is controlled or managed by, the undersigned (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where the undersigned is a partnership, to its general partner or a successor partnership or fund, or any other funds managed by such partnership), (B) as a distribution or dividend to equity holders, current or former partners, members, stockholders or managers (or to the estates of any of the foregoing), as applicable, of the undersigned (including upon the liquidation and dissolution of the undersigned pursuant to a plan of liquidation approved by the undersigneds equity holders), (C) as a bona fide gift or a charitable contribution, as such term is described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code, or otherwise to a trust or other entity for the direct or indirect benefit of an immediate family member of a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of the Undersigneds Shares, (D) transfers or dispositions not involving a change in beneficial ownership or (E) with prior written consent of Parent (as constituted following the Closing); or

(iii) if the undersigned is a trust, to any grantors or beneficiaries of the trust;

provided that, in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to this clause (a), such transfer is not for value (other than transfers pursuant to clauses (a)(i)(A), (a)(i)(E) or (a)(ii)(A) hereto) and each donee, heir, beneficiary or other transferee or distributee shall sign and deliver to Parent a lock-up agreement in the form of this Lock-Up Agreement with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock or such other securities that have been so transferred or distributed and if a filing pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is required, such filing shall describe the nature of the transfer or distribution;

(b) the exercise of an option to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock (including a net or cashless exercise of an option to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock ), and any related transfer of shares of Parent Common Stock to Parent for the purpose of paying the exercise price of such options or for paying taxes (including estimated taxes) due as a result of the exercise of such options or for paying taxes (including estimated taxes) due as a result of the exercise of such options; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the underlying shares of Parent Common Stock shall continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Lock-Up Agreement;

(c) transfers to Parent in connection with the net settlement of any other equity award that represents the right to receive in the future shares of Parent Common Stock, settled in shares of Parent Common Stock, to pay any tax withholding obligations; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the underlying shares of Parent Common Stock shall continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Lock-Up Agreement;

(d) the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-l under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Parent Common Stock; provided that such plan does not provide for any transfers of shares of Parent Common Stock during the Restricted Period or Leak-Out Period;

(e) the disposition (including a forfeiture or repurchase) to Parent of any shares of restricted stock granted pursuant to the terms of any employee benefit plan or restricted stock purchase agreement;

(f) transfers, distributions, sales or other transactions by the undersigned of shares of Parent Common Stock purchased by the undersigned on the open market or in a public offering by Parent, in each case following the date of the Closing;

(g) transfers pursuant to a bona-fide third party tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction made to all holders of Parents capital stock involving a change of control of Parent, provided that in the event that such tender offer, merger, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Undersigneds Shares shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this Lock-Up Agreement;

(h) transfers pursuant to an order of a court or regulatory agency;

(i) transfers by the undersigned of shares of Parent Common Stock issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement in respect of shares of the Company, if any, purchased from the Company on or about the Closing Date but prior to the Closing; or

(j) transfers, distributions, sales or other transactions with the prior written consent of Parent (as constituted following the Closing);

provided, that, with respect to each of (b), (c), and (d) above, no filing by any party (including any donor, donee, transferor, transferee, distributor or distributee) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act or other public announcement shall be made voluntarily reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Parent Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Parent Common Stock in connection with such transfer or disposition during the Restricted Period or Leak-Out Period (other than any exit filings) and if any filings under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Parent Common Stock in connection with such transfer or distribution, shall be legally required during the Restricted Period or Leak-Out Period, such filing, report or announcement shall clearly indicate in the footnotes therein, in reasonable detail, a description of the circumstances of the transfer and that the shares remain subject to this Lock-Up Agreement.

For purposes of this Lock-Up Agreement, change of control shall mean the transfer (whether by tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction), in one transaction or a series of related transactions to a person or group of affiliated persons, of the Parents voting securities if, after such transfer, the Parents stockholders as of immediately prior to such transfer do not hold a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Parent (or the surviving entity).

Any attempted transfer in violation of this Lock-Up Agreement will be of no effect and null and void, regardless of whether the purported transferee has any actual or constructive knowledge of the transfer restrictions set forth in this Lock-Up Agreement, and will not be recorded on the share register of Parent. In furtherance of the foregoing, the undersigned agrees that Parent and any duly appointed transfer agent for the registration or transfer of the securities described herein are hereby authorized to decline to make any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Lock-Up Agreement. Parent may cause the legend set forth below, or a legend substantially equivalent thereto, to be placed upon any certificate(s) or other documents, ledgers or instruments evidencing the undersigneds ownership of Parent Common Stock:

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO AND MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IN COMPLIANCE WITH A LOCK-UP AGREEMENT, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE COMPANY.

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Agreement, and that upon request, the undersigned will execute any additional documents reasonably necessary to ensure the validity or enforcement of this Lock-Up Agreement. All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred and any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives of the undersigned.

The undersigned understands that if the Merger Agreement is terminated for any reason, the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this Lock-Up Agreement. The undersigned understands that Parent and the Company are proceeding with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement in reliance upon this Lock-Up Agreement.

Any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon Parent or the Company will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by Law or equity, and the exercise by Parent or the Company of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The undersigned agrees that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur to Parent and/or the Company in the event that any provision of this Lock-Up Agreement was not performed in accordance with its specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that Parent and/or the Company shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Lock-Up Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which Parent or the Company is entitled at Law or in equity, and the undersigned waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of Parent or the Company with respect thereto. Each of the parties further agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

Upon the release of any of the Undersigneds Shares from this Lock-Up Agreement, Parent will facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or the establishment of book-entry positions at Parents transfer agent representing the Undersigneds Shares without the restrictive legend above or the withdrawal of any stop transfer instructions.

This Lock-Up Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Lock-Up Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the conflict of Laws principles thereof. In any action or proceeding between any of the parties arising out of or relating to this Lock-Up Agreement, each of the parties: (i) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state court of Nevada or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any federal court of Nevada, (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with foregoing clause (i) of this paragraph, (iii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such courts, (iv) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party and (v) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury. This Lock-Up Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties to this Lock-Up Agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

This Lock-Up Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Lock-Up Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by Parent, the Company and the undersigned by electronic transmission in .pdf format shall be sufficient to bind such parties to the terms and conditions of this Lock-Up Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

The undersigned understands that this Lock-Up Agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigned and the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the undersigned.

Very truly yours,

Print Name of Stockholder:

Signature (for individuals):

Signature (for entities):

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]

Accepted and Agreed

by Blackboxstocks, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Accepted and Agreed

by REalloys, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]

Exhibit C

Exhibit D

OPTION AGREEMENT

This Option Agreement (this Agreement), is made and entered as of [], by and between Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and Gust Kepler (the Stockholder).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to have the right to purchase all of the shares (the Shares) of the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Company Series A Stock) held by the Stockholder, and the Stockholder desires to grant such right to the Company, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, the Stockholder desires to have the right to sell to the Company all of the Shares held by the Stockholder, and the Company desires to grant such right to the Stockholder, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual and dependent covenants hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows:

1. Grant of Option.

(a) Right to Purchase. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and consummation of the Merger transaction contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 10, 2025 (the Merger Agreement) by and among the Company, RABLBX Merger Sub Inc. and Realloys Inc., at any time on or after the Closing Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (the Option Commencement Date), the Company shall have the right (the Call Right), but not the obligation, to cause the Stockholder to sell all of the Shares to the Company for the Option Consideration (as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement).

(b) Right to Sell. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and consummation of the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement, at any time on or after the Option Commencement Date, the Stockholder shall have the right (the Put Right, and together with the Call Right, the Option Rights), but not the obligation, to cause the Company to purchase all of the Shares for the Option Consideration (as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement).

(c) Procedures.

(i) If either party desires to exercise its Option Right (the exercising party being the Exercising Party), the Exercising Party shall deliver to the other party (the Option Obligor) a written, unconditional, and irrevocable notice (the Option Exercise Notice) exercising the Option Right.

(ii) The Stockholder shall at the closing of any purchase consummated pursuant to this Section1, represent and warrant to the Company that (A) the Stockholder has full right, title, and interest in and to the Shares, (B) the Stockholder has all the necessary power and authority and has taken all necessary action to sell such Shares as contemplated by this Section1, and (C) the Shares are free and clear of any and all mortgages, pledges, security interests, options, rights of first offer, encumbrances, or other restrictions or limitations of any nature whatsoever other than those arising as a result of or under the terms of this Agreement.

1

(iii) The Company shall at the closing of any purchase consummated pursuant to this Section1, represent and warrant to the Stockholder that (A) the Company and Blackbox Operating (hereinafter defined), individually and collectively, have all the necessary power and authority and has taken all necessary action to issue the Option Consideration as contemplated by this Section1, and (C) the Option Consideration is issued by the Company, and upon issuance shall be free and clear of any and all mortgages, pledges, security interests, options, rights of first offer, encumbrances, or other restrictions or limitations of any nature whatsoever other than those arising as a result of or under the terms of this Agreement, and such Option Consideration upon issuance shall be fully paid and non-assessable.

(iv) The closing of any sale and transfer of Shares pursuant to this Section1 shall take place no later than 5 Business Days following receipt by the Option Obligor of the Option Exercise Notice. The Company shall give the Stockholder at least 2 Business Days written notice of the date of closing (the Option Right Closing Date).

(d) Cooperation. The parties shall take all actions as may be reasonably necessary to consummate the sale contemplated by this Section1, including, without limitation, entering into agreements and delivering certificates and instruments and consents as may be deemed necessary or appropriate.

(e) Closing. At the closing of any transfer, sale and purchase pursuant to this Section1, the Stockholder shall deliver to the Company a certificate or certificates representing the Shares to be sold (if any), accompanied by stock powers and all necessary stock transfer taxes paid and stamps affixed, if necessary, against delivery by the Company to the Stockholder of a certificate or certificates representing the Option Consideration issued in the name of the Stockholder.

2. Option Consideration. In the event an Option Right is exercised hereunder, the purchase price per Share at which the Stockholder shall be required to sell the Shares (the Option Consideration) shall be equal to one (1) issued and outstanding share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the BXO Preferred Stock) of Blackbox.io Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (Blackbox Operating) held by the Company.

3. Restrictive Covenants. Until such time as the Option Rights may be exercised, without the express written consent of the Stockholder, the Company agrees not to consent to or cause Blackbox Operating to take any of the following actions, either directly or by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise:

(a) increase or decrease the size of the Blackbox Operating board of directors;

(b) remove, replace or nominate a successor to any member of the board of directors of Blackbox Operating;

(c) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any Blackbox Operating equity securities;

(d) declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any dividends or make any distributions upon any shares of Blackbox Operating common stock or preferred stock;

(e) authorize, create, designate or issue, whether by reclassification or otherwise, any shares, class or series of capital stock (or any other securities convertible into equity securities of Blackbox Operating);

2

(f) amend, alter, or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of Blackbox Operating (including any filing of a Certificate of Designation), whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such action would (A) alter the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of any series of the BXO Preferred Stock, (B) increase or decrease the total number of authorized shares of any series of Blackbox Operating preferred stock, or (C) adversely affect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers of the BXO Preferred Stock;

(g) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the affairs of Blackbox Operating, or effect any merger or consolidation thereof;

(h) create or authorize the creation of any debt security; or

(i) create or hold capital stock in any subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned subsidiary or dispose of any subsidiary stock or all or substantially all of any subsidiary assets.

4. Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by facsimile or email of a PDF document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the addresses indicated below (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 4).

If to the Company: Realloys Inc.

7280 W. Palmeto Park Rd.

Suite 302N

Boca Raton, FL 33433

Attn: Tony Wonnacott, Corporate Secretary

Email: corpsec@realloys.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Haynes and Boone, LLP

30 Rockefeller Plaza

26th Floor

New York, NY 10112

Attn.: Rick A. Werner

Alla Digilova

Simin Sun

Email: rick.werner@haynesboone.com;

alla.digilova@haynesboone.com;

simin.sun@haynesboone.com

If to the Stockholder: Gust Kepler

5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485

Dallas, TX 75240

Email: gust@blackboxstocks.com

3

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Winstead PC

2728 N. Harwood Street, Suite 500

Dallas, TX 75201

Attn.: Jeff McPhaul;

Tanner Brennan

Email: jmcphaul@winstead.com; tbrennan@winstead.com

5. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Merger Agreement, collectively constitute the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

6. Successor and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. However, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights of the parties hereunder may otherwise be transferred or assigned by any party hereto, except that (a) if the Company shall merge or consolidate with or into, or sell or otherwise transfer substantially all its assets to, another company which assumes the Companys obligations under this Agreement, the Company may assign its rights hereunder to that company, and (b) the Stockholder may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Stockholder. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation of this Section6 shall be void.

7. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.

8. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

9. Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

10. Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

4

11. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Texas or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of Laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Texas. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of Texas in each case located in the city of Dallas and County of Dallas, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding. Service of process, summons, notice, or other document by mail to such partys address set forth herein shall be effective service of process for any suit, action, or other proceeding brought in any such court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action, or any proceeding in such courts and irrevocably waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

12. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each party to this Agreement certifies and acknowledges that (a) no representative of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not seek to enforce the foregoing waiver in the event of a legal action; (b) such party has considered the implications of this waiver; (c) such party makes this waiver voluntarily; and (d) such party has been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section12.

13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall together be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, email, or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

14. No Strict Construction. The parties to this Agreement have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Option Agreement on the date first written above.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

STOCKHOLDER:

Gust Kepler

[Signature Page to Option Agreement]

Exhibit E

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of [], 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into by and among BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), BLACKBOX.IO INC., a Delaware corporation (the Blackbox Operating), [] (the Rights Agent) and initial CVR Registrar (as defined herein), and [], acting solely in his capacity as representative of the Holders (as defined herein) (the Holder Representative). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Merger Agreement (as defined below).

A. The Company, RABLBX Merger Sub Inc. (the Merger Sub) and Realloys Inc. (Realloys) have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Realloys shall merge with Merger Sub, with Realloys being the surviving entity (the Merger).

B. Pursuant to Section 2.13 of the Merger Agreement, prior to the consummation of the Merger, the Company wishes to create and issue contractual contingent value rights relating to the CVR Assets (as defined herein) to the record holders of the Common Stock (as defined herein) as of a record date prior to the consummation of the Merger.

C. On [], 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized and declared a dividend of one CVR (as defined herein) for each share of Common Stock outstanding at 5:01 p.m. Central Time on the Record Date (as defined herein). The payment of such dividend will be conditioned upon, and such dividend will only become payable upon, the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the Merger and the occurrence of the time that is immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger. The Company will pay the dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger.

Accordingly, and in consideration of the premises and the consummation of the transactions referred to above, it is mutually agreed, for the benefit of the Holders, as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.

(a) For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

(i) all accounting terms used herein and not expressly defined herein have the meanings assigned to such terms in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect on the date hereof;

(ii) unless the context otherwise requires, words describing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, words denoting any gender include all genders and words denoting natural Persons include corporations, partnerships and other Persons and vice versa;

(iii) the words include and including and variations thereof will not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation;

(iv) the terms hereof, hereunder, herein and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or provision of this Agreement; and

(v) the Article and Section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and do not limit or otherwise affect any of the substance of this Agreement.

(b) The following terms have the meanings ascribed to them as follows:

Affiliates means, with respect to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such first Person.

Blackbox Operating means Blackbox.io Inc., a Delaware corporation and subsidiary of the Company.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Rights Agent and the Holder Representative.

Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks located in Dallas, Texas are authorized or required by applicable Legal Requirements to close.

Change of Control means any of the following transactions occurring after the Closing: (a) (i) any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or entity or Person or (ii) any other corporate reorganization, in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganization, own less than 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization, except in the case of a bona fide capital raising transaction, or (b) any sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.

Close of Business on any given date means 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is not a Business Day it will mean 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on the next succeeding Business Day.

Common Stock means the common stock, $0.0001 par value, of the Company.

CVR means a contingent value right issued by the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

CVR Assets means any and all of the assets, rights, and properties owned, used, or useable by Blackbox Operating in connection with or related to the business as conducted by Blackbox Operating and all of the Companys rights therein.

CVR Expiration Date means the date that is twenty-four (24) months following the date of the Closing.

CVR Payment means an amount equal to the Net Proceeds actually received by the Company as a result of a CVR Transaction that may occur following the date hereof.

CVR Payment Date means the date (if any and if ever) that a CVR Payment is payable by the Company to the Holders, which date will be established pursuant to Section2.4.

CVR Register has the meaning set forth in Section2.3(b).

CVR Registrar has the meaning set forth in Section2.3(b).

CVR Transaction means a transaction consummated at any time prior to the CVR Expiration Date pursuant to which: (i) the Company or Blackbox Operating grants, sells, licenses or otherwise transfers some or all of the rights to the CVR Assets, including any rights to develop or commercialize the CVR Assets, including a license, option, or sale of assets with respect to the CVR Assets or any other sale, license, transfer, or other monetizing event of all or any part of the CVR Assets and (ii) the Company receives or Blackbox Operating determines to distribute Net Proceeds from such transaction as a dividend to its stockholders; and provided further, that any such transaction involving any asset other than a CVR Asset shall not constitute a CVR Transaction. For clarity, the sale of all or substantially all of the Companys stock or assets (to the extent such asset sale includes assets unrelated to the CVR Assets), or a merger, acquisition or similar transaction shall not be deemed a CVR Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, more than one CVR Transaction may occur under this Agreement.

Holder means a Person in whose name a CVR is registered in the CVR Register.

Holder Representative means the Holder Representative named in the first paragraph of this Agreement, until a successor Holder Representative has become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Agreement, and thereafter Holder Representative will mean such successor Holder Representative.

Intellectual Property means all intellectual property, including the following items of intangible property, and all rights associated therewith in any jurisdiction and tangible embodiments thereof: (a) all Patents; (b) all works of authorship, copyrights, whether or not registered, and all registrations and pending applications for registration of the same and renewals thereof and database rights; (c) all technology, technical information, know-how and data, including, without limitation, inventions (whether or not patentable of reduced to practice), improvements, discoveries, trade secrets, specifications, instructions, ideas, processes, methods, formulations, formulae, protocols, materials, assays, screens, algorithms, models, databases, expertise and other technology applicable to formulations, compositions or products or to their manufacture, development, registration, use or marketing or to methods of assaying or testing them or processes for their manufacture, formulations containing them or compositions incorporating or comprising them; and (d) computer programs.

Net Proceeds means an aggregate amount equal to the sum of: (a) all cash consideration actually received by the Company or distributed by Blackbox Operating as a dividend to its stockholders in connection with the consummation of a CVR Transaction during the twelve (24) month period immediately following the consummation of a CVR Transaction, plus (b) with respect to any non-cash consideration (such as stock) actually received by the Company or distributed by Blackbox Operating as a dividend to its stockholders in connection with the consummation of a CVR Transaction during the twelve (24) month period immediately following the consummation of a CVR Transaction, the fair market value of such non-cash consideration, as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith, less (c) all out-of-pocket transaction costs and expenses incurred by the Company or Blackbox Operating after the date of this Agreement to a counter-party for the negotiation, entry into and consummation of a CVR Transaction, including any broker fees, finders fees, advisory fees, accountant or attorneys fees, and reasonable costs of recovery of any amounts payable to the Company in connection with a CVR Transaction, less (d) any applicable sales, income and other taxes incurred by the Company or its Affiliates in respect of a CVR Transaction, and less (e) all fees and costs (including any amounts paid for indemnification) payable by the Company to the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement in connection with a CVR Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, amounts placed in escrow or earnout, contingent or other post-closing payments, including royalty payments, in connection with a CVR Transaction will not be considered Net Proceeds unless (and only to the extent that) such amounts are actually received by the Company during the twenty-four (24)month period immediately following the closing of such CVR Transaction. For the further avoidance of doubt, if a CVR Transaction occurs prior to the CVR Expiration Date, any such escrow, earnout, contingent or other post-closing payment released or paid after the CVR Expiration Date will be included in the calculation of Net Proceeds, so long as such amount is actually received by the Company or its Affiliates within the twenty-four (24)month period immediately following the consummation of such CVR Transaction.

Non-Achievement Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section2.4(b).

Objection Notice has the meaning set forth in Section2.4(c).

Objection Period has the meaning set forth in Section2.4(c).

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed by the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer or secretary of the Company, in his or her capacity as such an officer, and delivered to the Rights Agent and the Holder Representative.

Patents means all patents and patent applications (including provisional applications) and patent disclosures, and including all divisionals, continuations, substitutions, continuations-in-part, re-examinations, re-issues, additions, renewals, extensions, confirmations, registrations, any confirmation patent or registration patent or patent of addition based on any such patent, patent term extensions, and supplemental protection certificates or requests for continued examinations and foreign counterparts, of any of the foregoing.

Permitted Transfer means: (i) the transfer of any or all of the CVRs (upon the death of the Holder) by will or intestacy; (ii) transfer by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the CVRs are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustee; (iii) transfers made pursuant to a court order of a court of competent jurisdiction (such as in connection with divorce, bankruptcy or liquidation); (iv) if the Holder is a partnership or limited liability company, a pro-rata distribution by the transferring partnership or limited liability company to its partners or members, as applicable; (v) a transfer made by operation of law (including a consolidation or merger) or in connection with the dissolution, liquidation or termination of any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity; (vi) a transfer from a participants account in a tax-qualified employee benefit plan to the participant or to such participants account in a different tax-qualified employee benefit plan or to a tax-qualified individual retirement account for the benefit of such participant; (vii) a transfer from a participant in a tax-qualified employee benefit plan, who received the CVRs from such participants account in such tax-qualified employee benefit plan, to such participants account in a different tax-qualified employee benefit plan or to a tax-qualified individual retirement account for the benefit of such participant; or (viii) in the case of CVRs held in book-entry form or other similar nominee form, from a nominee to a beneficial owner (and, if applicable, through an intermediary) or from such nominee to another nominee for the same beneficial owner, in each case as allowable by DTC.

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or any agency or instrumentality thereof.

Record Date means [], 2025. For the avoidance of doubt, the Record Date shall occur after the effectiveness of any Split, if consummated.

Reporting Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).

Rights Agent means the Rights Agent named in the first paragraph of this Agreement, until a successor Rights Agent has become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Agreement, and thereafter Rights Agent will mean such successor Rights Agent.

Rights Agent Fee means the agreed-upon fee of the Rights Agent to act in such capacity pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

Surviving Person has the meaning set forth in Section6.1(a)(i).

Target Payment Amount means an aggregate amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) $[ ] (subject to adjustment for any Company reverse stock split if consummated) by (ii) the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of 5:01 p.m. Central Time on the Record Date; provided, that in no event will the Target Payment Amount exceed $[ ].

ARTICLE II

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS

2.1 Authority; Issuance of CVRs; Appointment of Rights Agent.

(a) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in any violation of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, or (ii) result in any violation of any loan or credit agreement, note, mortgage, indenture, lease, or other agreement, obligation, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Company or its properties or assets which violation, in the case of clause (ii), individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to be material to the Company. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Body is required by or with respect to the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) One CVR will be issued with respect to each share of Common Stock that is outstanding as of 5:01 p.m. Central Time on the Record Date.

(c) The Company hereby appoints [] as the Rights Agent to act as rights agent for the Company in accordance with the instructions hereinafter set forth in this Agreement, and [] hereby accepts such appointment.

2.2 Nontransferable. The CVRs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, encumbered or in any other manner transferred or disposed of, in whole or in part, other than through a Permitted Transfer. Any purported transfer of a CVR other than in a Permitted Transfer shall be null and void ab initio.

2.3 No Certificate; Registration; Registration of Transfer; Change of Address.

(a) The CVRs will be issued in book-entry form only and will not be evidenced by a certificate or other instrument.

(b) The Rights Agent will keep a register (the CVR Register) for the registration of the CVRs. The Rights Agent is hereby initially appointed CVR Registrar for the purpose of registering the CVRs and Permitted Transfers of the CVRs as herein provided. Upon any change in the identity of the Rights Agent, the successor Rights Agent will automatically also become the successor CVR Registrar.

(c) Subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section2.2, every request made to transfer a CVR must be in writing and accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer and any other requested documentation in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the CVR Registrar, duly executed by the registered Holder or Holders thereof or by the duly appointed legal representative thereof or by a duly authorized attorney, including the evidence of authority of the party presenting the CVR for transfer, which authority may include, if applicable, a signature guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution participating in a signature guarantee program approved by the Securities Transfer Association. A request for a transfer of a CVR must be accompanied by such documentation establishing that the transfer is a Permitted Transfer as may be reasonably requested by the Company and/or the CVR Registrar, if appropriate. Upon receipt of such written request and materials, the CVR Registrar will, subject to its reasonable determination that the transfer instrument is in proper form and the transfer otherwise complies with the other terms and conditions herein, register the transfer of the CVRs in the CVR Register. All duly transferred CVRs registered in the CVR Register will be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same right and will entitle the transferee to the same benefits and rights under this Agreement as those previously held by the transferor. No transfer of a CVR will be valid until registered in the CVR Register, and any transfer not duly registered in the CVR Register will be void and invalid. All costs and expenses related to any transfer or assignment of the CVRs (including the cost of any transfer tax) will be the responsibility of the transferor.

(d) A Holder (or an authorized representative thereof) may make a request to the CVR Registrar to change such Holders address of record in the CVR Register. Upon receipt of such request, the CVR Registrar will promptly record the change of address in the CVR Register.

2.4 Payment Procedures.

(a) As soon as practicable following the occurrence of a CVR Transaction, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the end of any calendar quarter in which the Company has received Net Proceeds from any CVR Transaction, the Company will deliver to the Holder Representative and the Rights Agent a certificate (each, a Reporting Certificate), certifying that the Holders are entitled to receive a CVR Payment and setting forth the Companys calculation of the CVR Payment amount.

(b) If no CVR Transaction has been effected prior to the CVR Expiration Date, then, as soon as reasonably practicable after the CVR Expiration Date, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the CVR Expiration Date, the Company will deliver to the Holder Representative and the Rights Agent a certificate (the Non-Achievement Certificate and, together with the Reporting Certificate(s), the Certificates), stating that no CVR Transaction has been consummated prior to the CVR Expiration Date.

(c) If the Holder Representative does not object to any determination or calculation set forth in a Certificate by delivery of a written notice thereof to the Company setting forth in reasonable detail such objection, together with reasonable supporting documentation (an Objection Notice), within thirty (30) days following receipt of the applicable Certificate (the Objection Period), the Companys determination of the non-existence of a CVR Transaction, calculation of the CVR Payment amount shall be final and binding on all parties. If the Holder Representative timely delivers to the Company an Objection Notice, the Company and the Holder Representative shall attempt in good faith to resolve such matters within thirty (30) days after receipt of the same by the Company, and if unable to do so, the Company and the Holder Representative shall resolve any unresolved disputed in accordance with Section 8.11, which decision will be final and binding on the parties, absent manifest error. The Company shall, within ten (10) Business Days following the final determination of the CVR Payment amount, pay such CVR Payment amount to the Rights Agent (for the account of the Holders) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as may be designated by the Rights Agent or make arrangements to transfer any securities distributable to the Holders representing such CVR Payment amount, as applicable. The Rights Agent will distribute or direct transfer of securities representing the CVR Payment amount to the Holders (each Holder being entitled to receive its pro rata share of such CVR Payment amount, based on the number of CVRs held by such Holder as reflected on the CVR Register on the date of the Reporting Certificate or the date of final determination pursuant to this Agreement, as applicable), (A) if in cash (i) by check mailed to the address of each such respective Holder as reflected in the CVR Register as of the close of business on the last Business Day before such CVR Payment Date, or, (ii) with respect to any Holder who has provided the Rights Agent with wire transfer instructions meeting the Rights Agents requirements, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account, or (B) if in securities, cause to be deposited with the Rights Agent, for the benefit of Holders, uncertificated book-entries representing such aggregate CVR Payment amount, and, the Rights Agent shall be authorized to direct transfer of the shares to the Holders (each Holder being entitled to receive its pro rata share of such CVR Payment amount, based on the number of CVRs held by such Holder as reflected on the CVR Register on the date of the Reporting Certificate or the date of final determination pursuant to this Agreement, as applicable).

(d) If an Objection Notice has not been timely delivered to the Company in response to a Non-Achievement Certificate within the Objection Period, then the Holders will have no right to receive a CVR Payment, and the Company and the Rights Agent will have no further obligations with respect to any CVR Payment.

(e) The Company will be entitled to deduct and withhold, or cause to be deducted or withheld, from any CVR Payment amount or other amount payable pursuant to this Agreement, such amounts as the Company is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code, or any provision of state or local tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld or paid over to or deposited with the relevant governmental entity, such withheld amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Holder in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made.

(f) Subject to prior execution and delivery by the Holder Representative of a reasonable and customary confidentiality and market stand-off agreement, the Company shall provide the Holder Representative with reasonable access during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance request to the books and records of the Company to the extent necessary to verify whether a CVR Transaction occurred prior to the CVR Expiration Date or the Companys calculation of the CVR Payment amount; it being understood that the Holder Representatives rights under this Section 2.4(f) shall terminate upon the later of (i) the CVR Expiration Date or (ii) thirty (30) days after the delivery to the Holder Representative of a Reporting Certificate.

(g) The Company will promptly furnish to the Rights Agent all information and documentation in connection with this Agreement and the CVRs that the Rights Agent may reasonably request in order to perform under this Agreement.

(h) The Company acknowledges that the bank accounts maintained by the Rights Agent in connection with the services provided under this Agreement will be in the Rights Agents name and that the Rights Agent may receive investment earnings in connection with the investment at the Rights Agents risk and for its benefit of funds held in those accounts from time to time.

2.5 No Voting, Dividends or Interest; No Equity or Ownership Interest in the Company.

(a) The CVRs will not have any voting or dividend rights, and interest will not accrue on any amounts payable on the CVRs to any Holder.

(b) The CVRs will not represent any equity or ownership interest in the Company. The rights of the Holders and the obligations of the Company are contract rights limited to those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and such Holders sole right to receive property hereunder is the right to receive cash from the Company, if any, through the Rights Agent in accordance with the terms hereof. It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that a CVR shall not constitute a security of the Company.

2.6 Holders Right to Abandon CVR. A Holder may at any time, at such Holders option, abandon all of such Holders remaining rights in a CVR by transferring such CVR to the Company or any of its Affiliates without consideration.

2.7 Indemnification by Blackbox Operating. All parties agree and understand that any out of pocket costs and expenses related to this Agreement, including but not limited to issuing, administering and fulfilling the CVRs, but excluding the CVR Payment for which the Company shall be obligated (the CVR Costs), shall be the sole responsibility of Blackbox Operating and the Company shall have no obligation to pay any such CVR Costs. Furthermore, Blackbox Operating shall indemnify, reimburse, compensate and hold harmless Company against any and all CVR Costs incurred or suffered by the Company directly or indirectly as a result of, with respect to or in connection with this Agreement.

ARTICLE III

THE RIGHTS AGENT

3.1 Certain Duties and Responsibilities. 

(a) The Rights Agent will not have any liability for any actions taken or not taken in connection with this Agreement, except to the extent of its willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence. No provision of this Agreement will require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Rights Agents aggregate liability under this Agreement, or from all services provided or omitted to be provided under this Agreement, whether in contract, or in tort, or otherwise, is limited to, and shall not exceed, the amounts paid hereunder by the Company to the Rights Agent as fees and charges, but not including reimbursable expenses.

(b) The Holder Representative may direct the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Holders in enforcing any of its or their rights hereunder, including the delivery of any Objection Notice and negotiation or arbitration pursuant to Section 8.11; provided, however, the Rights Agent may not act on behalf of the Holders or the Holder Representative in any dispute relating to or arising under Section 4.2 or relating to whether a CVR Transaction has occurred or the amount of any CVR Payment. The Rights Agent will be under no obligation to institute any action, suit or legal proceeding or to take any other action likely to involve material expense unless the Holder Representative will furnish the Rights Agent with reasonable security and indemnity for any costs and expenses that may be incurred. All rights of action under this Agreement may be enforced by the Rights Agent, and any action, suit or proceeding instituted by the Rights Agent on behalf of the Holders will be brought in its name as Rights Agent, and any recovery of judgment will be for the ratable benefit of all the Holders, as their respective rights or interests may appear.

3.2 Certain Rights of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Agreement against the Rights Agent. In addition:

(a) the Rights Agent may rely and will be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order or other paper or document reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b) whenever the Rights Agent will deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established before taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Rights Agent may, in the absence of willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence on its part, rely upon an Officers Certificate;

(c) the Rights Agent may engage and consult with counsel of its selection and the written advice of such counsel or any opinion of counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

(d) in the event of arbitration, the Rights Agent may engage and consult with tax experts, valuation firms and other experts and third parties that it, in its sole and absolute discretion, deems appropriate or necessary to enable it to discharge its duties hereunder;

(e) the permissive rights of the Rights Agent to do things enumerated in this Agreement will not be construed as a duty;

(f) the Rights Agent will not be required to give any note or surety in respect of the execution of such powers or otherwise in respect of the premises;

(g) the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and hold the Rights Agent harmless against, any loss, liability, claim, demands, suits or expense (in each case pertaining to the Rights Agents own account only) arising out of or in connection with the Rights Agents duties under this Agreement, including the costs and expenses of defending the Rights Agent against any claims, charges, demands, suits or loss, unless such loss has been determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be a result of the Rights Agents willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence; and

(h) the Company agrees (i) to pay the fees and expenses of the Rights Agent in connection with this Agreement, as set forth on Schedule1 hereto, and (ii) to reimburse the Rights Agent for all taxes and governmental charges, reasonable expenses and other charges of any kind and nature incurred by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement (other than taxes imposed on or measured by the Rights Agents net income and franchise or similar taxes imposed on it). The Rights Agent will also be entitled to reimbursement from the Company for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of the Rights Agents counsel and agent) paid or incurred by it in connection with the administration by the Rights Agent of its duties hereunder. An invoice for the Rights Agent Fee will be rendered a reasonable time before, and paid on, the effective date of the applicable transaction. An invoice for any out-of-pocket expenses and per item fees realized will be rendered and payable within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company. The Company agrees to pay to Rights Agent any amounts, including fees and expenses, payable in favor of the Rights Agent in connection with any dispute, resolution or arbitration arising under or in connection with the Agreement; and any fees and expenses, payable by the Company in favor of the Rights Agent or payable in favor of the Company related to such dispute, resolution or arbitration will be offset against any CVR Payments, if any, or any other payment to be made thereafter under this Agreement.

3.3 Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor.

(a) The Rights Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Company, specifying a date when such resignation will take effect, which notice will be sent at least thirty (30) days before the date so specified.

(b) If the Rights Agent provides notice of its intent to resign, is removed or becomes incapable of acting, the Company, by way of a Board Resolution, will as soon as practicable appoint a qualified successor Rights Agent who, unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder Representative, shall be a stock transfer agent of national reputation or the corporate trust department of a commercial bank. The successor Rights Agent so appointed will, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance with Section 3.4, become the successor Rights Agent.

(c) The Company will give notice of each resignation and each removal of a Rights Agent and each appointment of a successor Rights Agent by mailing written notice of such event by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to the Holders as their names and addresses appear in the CVR Register and by delivering notice to the Holder Representative. Each notice will include the name and address of the successor Rights Agent. If the Company fails to send such notice within five (5) Business Days after acceptance of appointment by a successor Rights Agent, upon the Companys request the successor Rights Agent will cause such notice to be mailed at the expense of the Company.

3.4 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor. Every successor Rights Agent appointed hereunder will execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to the retiring Rights Agent an instrument accepting such appointment and a counterpart of this Agreement, and thereupon such successor Rights Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance, will become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Rights Agent; provided, however, that upon the request of the Company or the successor Rights Agent, such retiring Rights Agent will cooperate in the transfer of all relevant data, including the CVR Register, to the successor Rights Agent.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

4.1 List of Holders. The Company will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Holder Representative and the Rights Agent the names, addresses and shareholdings of registered holders of Common Stock as of 5:01 p.m. Central Time on the Record Date. The Company will promptly furnish an electronic copy of the CVR Register to the Holder Representative upon written request from the Holder Representative.

4.2 No Guarantee. The parties agree that there is no guarantee that any CVR Payment will be earned. Neither the Company nor any of its directors, officers or their respective Affiliates owes any fiduciary duty to the Holders with respect to the CVR Payments. Further, the parties acknowledge that the Companys sole obligations with respect to any potential CVR Payments are expressly set forth in this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

AMENDMENTS

5.1 Amendments Without Consent of Holder Representative.

(a) Without the consent of the Holder Representative or the Rights Agent, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments hereto, for any of the following purposes:

(i) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Company herein in a transaction contemplated by Section6.1 hereof; or

(ii) to evidence the termination of the CVR Registrar and the succession of another Person as a successor CVR Registrar and the assumption by any successor of the obligations of the CVR Registrar herein.

(b) Without the consent of the Holder Representative, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, together with the Rights Agent, in the Rights Agents sole and absolute discretion, may at any time and from time to time, enter into one or more amendments hereto:

(i) to evidence the succession of another Person as a successor Rights Agent and the assumption by any successor of the covenants and obligations of the Rights Agent herein;

(ii) to add to the covenants of the Company such further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions as the Board of Directors and the Rights Agent will consider to be for the protection of the Holders;

(iii) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein; provided, however, that in each case, such provisions will not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders;

(iv) as may be necessary to ensure that the CVRs are not subject to registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or

(v) to add, eliminate or change any provision of this Agreement unless such addition, elimination or change is adverse to the interests of the Holders.

(c) Promptly after the execution by the Company and the Rights Agent of any amendment pursuant to the provisions of this Section5.1, the Company will deliver a notice thereof to the Holder Representative, setting forth in general terms the substance of such amendment.

5.2 Amendments with Consent of Holder Representative. Subject to Section5.1 (which amendments pursuant to Section5.1 may be made without the consent of the Holder Representative), the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Rights Agent and the Holder Representative may enter into one or more amendments hereto for the purpose of adding, eliminating or changing any or all provisions of this Agreement.

5.3 Execution of Amendments. In executing any amendment permitted by this ArticleV, the Rights Agent will be entitled to receive, and will be fully protected in relying upon, an opinion of counsel of the Company, at Companys sole expense, stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement. The Rights Agent may, but is not obligated to, enter into any such amendment that affects the Rights Agents own rights, privileges, covenants or duties under this Agreement or otherwise.

5.4 Effect of Amendments. Upon the execution of any amendment under this ArticleV, this Agreement will be modified in accordance therewith, such amendment will form a part of this Agreement for all purposes and every Holder will be bound thereby. 

ARTICLE VI

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE OR CONVEYANCE

6.1 Effect of Merger or Consolidation. 

(a) Except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Company will not consolidate with or merge into any other Person or sell, transfer or otherwise convey all or substantially all of its assets, in one or a series of related transactions, to any Person, unless:

(i) the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the Person that acquires by sale, transfer or other conveyance, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (the Surviving Person) expressly assumes payment (if and to the extent required hereunder) of amounts on all the CVRs and the performance of every duty and covenant of this Agreement on the part of the Company to be performed or observed; and

(ii) the Company has delivered to the Holder Representative and the Rights Agent an Officers Certificate, stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease complies with this ArticleVI and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with.

(b) In connection with a Change of Control, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion, to redeem all, but not less than all of the outstanding CVRs, at any time from and after the public announcement of such Change of Control and ending on the thirtieth (30th) day following the consummation of the Change of Control for an aggregate redemption amount equal to the Target Payment Amount. In the event that the Company wishes to exercise its right pursuant to this Section 6.1(b), the Company shall provide a written notice of redemption (a Redemption Notice) to the Rights Agent and the Holder Representative, which Redemption Notice shall specify the date fixed for the redemption of the outstanding CVRs, which date shall be not less than five (5) Business Days nor more than ten (10) Business Days following the delivery of the Redemption Notice to the Rights Agent and the Holder Representative (such date, the Redemption Date). Promptly following its receipt of the Redemption Notice, the Rights Agent shall deliver a copy thereof to the Holders. On the Redemption Date, the Company shall pay the Target Payment Amount to the Rights Agent (for the account of the Holders) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as may be designated by the Rights Agent. Upon the indefeasible payment in full by the Company of the Target Payment Amount to the Rights Agent, the CVRs shall be cancelled and of no further force and effect and shall thereafter represent only the right to receive such Holders pro rata share of the Target Payment Amount upon surrender of such Holders CVR to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent shall pay to each Holder, such Holders pro rata share of the Target Payment Amount pursuant to the payment procedures specified in Section 2.4(c) and subject to Section 2.4(e) upon surrender by such Holder of its CVR for cancellation or receipt of an appropriate affidavit of loss or destruction thereof.

6.2 Successor Substituted. Upon any consolidation of or merger by the Company with or into any other Person, or any conveyance, transfer or lease of the properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person in accordance with Section6.1, the Surviving Person will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Agreement with the same effect as if the Surviving Person had been named as the Company herein, and thereafter the predecessor Person will be relieved of all obligations and covenants under this Agreement and the CVRs.

ARTICLE VII

THE HOLDER REPRESENTATIVE

7.1 Appointment. Effective upon the issuance of the CVRs under this terms of this Agreement, and without any further act of any of Holders, the Holder Representative is appointed as the representative of the Holders and as the attorney-in-fact and agent for and on behalf of each Holder for purposes of this Agreement and will take such actions to be taken by the Holder Representative under this Agreement and such other actions on behalf of such Holders as it may deem necessary or appropriate in connection with or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, including (i) executing and delivering this Agreement and any other ancillary documents and negotiating and executing any amendments, modifications, waivers or changes thereto as to which the Holder Representative, in its sole discretion, has consented (provided that any waiver or amendment that adversely and disproportionately affects the rights or obligations of one or more Holders as compared to other Holders will require the prior written consent of a majority in interest of the disproportionately affected Holders), (ii) agreeing to, negotiating, entering into settlements and compromises of, complying with orders of courts with respect to, and otherwise administering and handling any claims under this Agreement on behalf of such Holders, and (iii) taking all other actions that are either necessary or appropriate in the judgment of the Holder Representative for the accomplishment of the foregoing or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement. The Holder Representative hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to serve as such without compensation. The appointment of the Holder Representative as each Holders attorney-in-fact revokes any power of attorney heretofore granted that authorized any other Person to represent such Holder with regard to this Agreement and any other agreements or documents executed or delivered in connection with this Agreement. The Holder Representative is the sole and exclusive representative of each of the Holders for any purpose provided for by this Agreement.

7.2 Actions of Holder Representative.

(a) A decision, act, consent or instruction of the Holder Representative hereunder will constitute a decision, act, consent or instruction of all Holders and will be final, binding and conclusive upon each such Holder, and the Company and the Rights Agent may rely upon any such decision, act, consent or instruction of the Holder Representative as being the decision, act, consent or instruction of each and every such Holder. The Company and the Rights Agent will be relieved from any liability to any Person for any acts done by them in accordance with such decision, act, consent or instruction of the Holder Representative.

(b) The Holder Representative will incur no liability with respect to any action taken or suffered by any Holder in reliance upon any notice, direction, instruction, consent, statement or other document believed by such Holder Representative to be genuine and to have been signed by such Holder (and will have no responsibility to determine the authenticity thereof), nor for any other action or inaction, except the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Holder Representative. In all questions arising under this Agreement, the Holder Representative may rely on the advice of outside counsel, and the Holder Representative will not be liable to any Holder for anything done, omitted or suffered in good faith by Holder Representative based on such advice.

(c) The Holders will severally (on a pro rata basis, based on the number of CVRs held by each Holder), but not jointly, indemnify the Holder Representative and hold the Holder Representative harmless against any loss, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Holder Representative and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Holder Representatives duties hereunder, including the reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel or other advisors reasonably retained by the Holder Representative, to the extent not reimbursed by the Company pursuant to Section 7.2(d).

(d) In connection with providing services under this Agreement, the Holder Representative will be reimbursed by the Company for all reasonable fees and expenses incurred in providing such services. Any such fees and expenses will be paid by the Company within thirty (30) days of the receipt of an invoice from the Holder Representative and will be offset against the CVR Payment amount, if any.

7.3 Removal; Appointment of Successor.

(a) At any time Holders representing at least a majority of the outstanding CVRs may, by written consent, appoint another Person as Holder Representative. Notice, together with a copy of the written consent appointing such Person and bearing the signatures of Holders of at least a majority of the outstanding CVRs, must be delivered to the Company and the Rights Agent. Such appointment will be effective upon the later of the date indicated in the consent or the date ten (10) days after such consent is received by the Company and the Rights Agent.

(b) If the Holder Representative becomes unable or unwilling to continue in his or its capacity as the Holder Representative, or if the Holder Representative resigns as a Holder Representative, the Holder Representative may appoint a new representative as the Holder Representative. If the Holder Representative is unable or unwilling to appoint a successor Holder Representative, then the board of directors of the Company shall appoint another Person as Holder Representative. Notice and a copy of the written consent appointing such Person must be delivered to the Company and the Rights Agent not less than ten (10) days prior to such appointment. Such appointment will be effective upon the later of the date indicated in the consent or the date ten (10) days after such consent is received by the Company and the Rights Agent.

7.4 Grant of Authority. The grant of authority provided for in this ArticleVII is coupled with an interest and will be irrevocable and survive the death, incompetency, bankruptcy or liquidation of any Holder. The provisions of this ArticleVII will be binding upon the executors, heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of each Holder, and any references in this Agreement to any Holder or the Holders will mean and include the successors to such Holders rights hereunder, whether pursuant to testamentary disposition, the laws of descent and distribution or otherwise.

ARTICLE VIII

OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

8.1 Notices to Rights Agent, Company and Holder Representative. Subject to Section8.2, all notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications that are required to be or may be given under this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the recipient; (b) when sent by e-mail transmission, if sent during normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next Business Day; or (c) one Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next-day delivery, with written verification of receipt, in each case to the intended recipient at the following addresses:

(a) if to the Company, to

Realloys Inc.

7280 W. Palmeto Park Rd.

Suite 302N

Boca Raton, FL 33433

Attn: Tony Wonnacott, Corporate Secretary

Email: corpsec@realloys.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Haynes and Boone, LLP

30 Rockefeller Plaza

26th Floor

New York, NY 10112

Attn.: Rick A. Werner

Alla Digilova

Simin Sun

Email: rick.werner@haynesboone.com;

alla.digilova@haynesboone.com;

simin.sun@haynesboone.com

(b) if to the Rights Agent, to

[]

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

[]; and

(c) if to the Holder Representative, to

[]

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

[]

(d) if to Blackbox Operating, to

5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485

Dallas, TX 75240

Attn: Gust Kepler

Email: gust@blackboxstocks.com

or to such other address as any party has furnished to the other parties by notice given in accordance with this Section 8.1.

8.2 Notice to Holders. Where this Agreement provides for notice to Holders, such notice will be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at his, her or its address as it appears in the CVR Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder will affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders.

8.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire understanding of the parties hereto with reference to the CVRs and this Agreement supersedes any and all other oral or written agreements made with respect to the CVRs. No party has relied on any other express or implied representation or warranty, either written or oral in connection with its entry into this Agreement, including any representation or warranty arising under statute or otherwise under law. 

8.4 Legal Holidays. If a CVR Payment Date is not a Business Day, then, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any payment required to be made in respect of the CVRs on such date need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the CVR Payment Date.

8.5 Assignment. The Company may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Holder Representative; provided that the Company may assign, in its sole discretion and without the consent of any other party, any or all of its rights, interests and obligations hereunder to one or more direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company (each, an Assignee) provided that the Assignee agrees to assume and be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that in connection with any assignment to an Assignee, the Company shall, and shall agree to, remain liable for the performance by such Assignee of all obligations of the Company hereunder. 

8.6 Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, will give to any Person (other than the parties hereto, the Holders and their permitted successors and assigns hereunder) any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement or under any covenant or provision herein contained, all such covenants and provisions being for the sole benefit of the parties hereto, the Holders and their permitted successors and assigns. 

8.7 Termination. This Agreement will terminate and be of no further force or effect, and the parties hereto will have no liability hereunder, upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the payment of the last possible CVR Payment due hereunder, (b) if an Objection Notice to a Non-Achievement Certificate is not delivered within the Objection Period, the expiration of the Objection Period, (c) in the event of the delivery of an Objection Notice, either (i) the final determination in accordance with this Agreement that no CVR Transaction has been achieved or (ii) the fulfillment of any payment obligation required pursuant to a final determination made in accordance with this Agreement.

8.8 Survival. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions regarding indemnification, warranty, liability and limits thereon, and confidentiality shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8.9 Governing Law. This Agreement and the CVRs will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

8.10 Remedies. The Holders will not have any rights or remedies with respect to the CVRs except as expressly set forth herein.

8.11 Disputes.

(a) Before any arbitration pursuant to Section8.11(b), the Company, the Rights Agent and the Holder Representative will negotiate in good faith for a period of thirty (30) days to resolve any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof.

(b) Any and all disputes arising under this Agreement (including but not limited to any claims brought by the Holder Representative on behalf of the Holders) shall be settled by final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, except as modified herein. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. In any arbitration under this Section 8.11(b), the number of arbitrators will be one, and such arbitrator will be selected in accordance with the AAAs Commercial Arbitration Rules. The place of the arbitration will be Boca Raton, Florida. The arbitrator will be a lawyer or retired judge with experience in the fintech industry and with mergers and acquisitions. Each party will, upon written request of the other party, promptly provide the other with copies of all relevant documents. There shall be no other discovery allowed. Time is of the essence for any arbitration under this Agreement and arbitration hearings shall take place within 90 days of filing and awards rendered within 120 days. The hearing shall not last longer than two days, with each hearing day lasting no longer than eight (8) hours. The arbitrator shall agree to these limits prior to accepting appointment. Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties (provided that the Holder Representative may disclose to the Holders any such information without the consent of the Company). The fees and expenses of the arbitration, including the costs and expenses billed by the arbitrator in connection with the performance of its duties described herein, will be paid by the non-prevailing party, as determined by the arbitrator, in proportion with the extent to which the prevailing party prevails, and the remainder of such costs and expenses will be paid by the prevailing party; provided, however, that any fees and expenses of the arbitration incurred by the Holder Representative shall be offset against any CVR Payment amount, if any. Each party will be responsible for its own attorney fees, expenses and costs of investigationprovided, however, that any such fees, expenses and costs incurred by the Holder Representative shall be offset against any CVR Payment amount, if any.

8.12 Confidentiality.

(a) Confidential Information shall mean any and all technical or business information relating to a party, including, without limitation, financial, marketing and product/service development information, stockholder information (including any non-public information of such stockholder), and proprietary information that is disclosed or otherwise becomes known to the other party or its Affiliates, agents or representatives before or during the term of this Agreement. Confidential Information constitutes trade secrets and is of great value to the owner (or its Affiliates). Confidential Information shall not include any information that is: (a) already known to the other party or its Affiliates at the time of the disclosure, provided that such prior knowledge can be substantiated by the written records of such party; (b) publicly known at the time of the disclosure or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act or failure of the other party; (c) subsequently disclosed to the other party or its Affiliates on a non-confidential basis by a third party not having a confidential relationship with the owner and which rightfully acquired such information; or (d) independently developed by one party without access to the Confidential Information of the other, provided that such independent development can be substantiated by the written records of such party. This Agreement, including all of its terms and conditions, will not be deemed to be Confidential Information and may be publicly disclosed by the Company.

(b) All Confidential Information of a party will be held in confidence by the other party with at least the same degree of care as such party protects its own confidential or proprietary information of like kind and import, but not less than a reasonable degree of care. Neither party will disclose in any manner Confidential Information of the other party in any form to any person or entity without the other partys prior consent. However, each party may disclose relevant aspects of the other partys Confidential Information to its officers, Affiliates, agents, subcontractors and employees to the extent reasonably necessary to perform its duties and obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, each party will implement such physical and other security measures and controls as are necessary to protect (a) the security and confidentiality of Confidential Information; (b) against any threats or hazards to the security and integrity of Confidential Information; and (c) against any unauthorized access to or use of Confidential Information. To the extent that a party delegates any duties and responsibilities under this Agreement to an agent or other subcontractor, the party ensures that such agent and subcontractor are contractually bound to confidentiality terms consistent with the terms of this Section8.12.

(c) In the event that any requests or demands are made for the disclosure of Confidential Information, other than requests to Rights Agent for stockholder records pursuant to standard subpoenas from state or federal government authorities (e.g., divorce and criminal actions), the party receiving such request will promptly notify the other party to secure instructions from an authorized officer of such party as to such request and to enable the other party the opportunity to obtain a protective order or other confidential treatment, unless such notification is otherwise prohibited by law or court order. Each party expressly reserves the right, however, to disclose Confidential Information to any person whenever it is advised by counsel that it may be held liable for the failure to disclose such Confidential Information or if required by law or court order.

(d) As may be required by law and without limiting any partys rights in respect of a breach of this Section8.12, each party will promptly:

(i) notify the other party in writing of any unauthorized possession, use or disclosure of the other partys Confidential Information by any person or entity that may become known to such party;

(ii) furnish to the other party full details of the unauthorized possession, use or disclosure; and

(iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent a recurrence of any such unauthorized possession, use or disclosure of Confidential Information.

8.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. Delivery of a signed Agreement by reliable electronic means, including facsimile, email, or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 (including DocuSign) shall be an effective method of delivering the executed Agreement. This Agreement may be stored by electronic means and either an original or an electronically stored copy of this Agreement can be used for all purposes, including in any proceeding to enforce the rights and/or obligations of the parties to this Agreement.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY: 

BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BLACKBOX OPERATING: 

BLACKBOX.IO INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

RIGHTS AGENT: 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

HOLDER REPRESENTATIVE: 

[] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT Exhibit E

Schedule 1

Rights Agent Fees

Exhibit F

FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE

$[AMOUNT] [DATE]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, REalloys Inc., a Nevada corporation (Maker), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Payee), at such address given to Maker by Payee, the principal sum of [AMOUNT IN WORDS] ($[AMOUNT]), all in accordance with the terms of this Promissory Note (this Note).

This Note has been issued pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2025, among Maker, Payee and RABLBX Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement) and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, which are, by this reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof.

Section 1. Definitions. When used in this Note, the following terms shall have the respective meanings specified herein or in the section referred to:

Event of Default has the meaning ascribed to it in Section5 hereof.

Indebtedness means the indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of Maker owing to Payee pursuant to this Note.

Maturity Date means the earlier of (a) the date of termination of the Merger Agreement or (b) Closing.

Section 2. Payment.

(a) Interest Rate. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, interest shall accrue at the rate of 8% per annum, calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in a year, on the unpaid principal balance of this Note from and including the date hereof until the date paid.

(b) Payment of Principal. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable in full on the Maturity Date or upon the earlier maturity hereof, whether by acceleration or otherwise.

(c) Dates and Manner of Payments; Application. Should the principal of this Note become due and payable on any day other than a business day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding business day. All payments of principal on this Note shall be made by Maker to Payee in federal or other immediately available funds.

Section 3. Termination. This Note shall automatically and immediately be cancelled and terminated and the obligations of the parties, including the Maker to make the payments under Section 2, shall immediately cease in the event that the Closing occurs.

Section 4. Waiver. Except as specifically provided for in this Note, Maker waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of protest and non-payment or other notice of default, notice of acceleration and intention to accelerate or other notice of any kind, and agrees that its liability under this Note shall not be affected by any renewal or extension in the time of payment hereof.

Section 5. Events of Default and Remedies. An Event of Default shall exist hereunder if Maker shall fail to pay when due any principal of this Note and such failure shall continue for: (i) 180 calendar days following the date Payee notifies Maker of such failure if the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10.01(a), (b), (c), (e), (f), or (g) of the Merger Agreement or (ii) 90 calendar days following the date Payee notified Maker of such failure if the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10.01(d) or (h). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, (A) the entire outstanding principal balance, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on this Note, shall, at the election of Payee, and without notice to Maker of such election, from and after the date of such election until such default is cured, bear interest, accruing daily and being calculated and payable monthly in arrears on the last day of each and every month, at the lesser eighteen percent (18%) per annum or the maximum rate allowed by Law (the Default Rate) starting on the date of the Event of Default, and shall be immediately due and payable without presentment or notice of any kind, and/or (B) the holder hereof may, at its option, pursue and enforce any of Payees rights and remedies available pursuant to any applicable law or agreement.

Section 6. Notice. Whenever any notice is required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Note, the same shall be given in accordance with Section 11.7 of the Merger Agreement.

Section 7. Governing Law; Choice of Forum; Jury Trial.

(a) THIS NOTE AND ALL ISSUES AND CLAIMS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THE INDEBTEDNESS EVIDENCED HEREBY, INCLUDING BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OR OTHER CLAIMS OR COUNTERCLAIMS AND ALL QUESTIONS INVOLVING USURY AND THE MAXIMUM RATE OF INTEREST WHICH MAY BE CONTRACTED FOR, CHARGED, OR RECEIVED SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS AND THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction. Maker and Payee hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any federal or state court located within Dallas County, Texas over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Note or any of the transactions contemplated by this Note, and each of Maker and Payee hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims with respect to any such dispute or any Legal Proceeding (as defined in the Merger Agreement) related thereto may be heard and determined in such courts. Maker and Payee hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law (as defined in the Merger Agreement), any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such dispute brought in such court or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such dispute. A judgment in any such dispute may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law.

(c) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED BY ANY PARTY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING BY DELIVERY OF A COPY THEREOF IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 11.7 OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

Section 8. Prepayment. Maker may, without premium or penalty, at any time and from time to time, prepay all or any portion of the then-outstanding principal balance of this Note or accrued interest thereon.

2

Section 9. No Waiver; Amendment. No failure to accelerate amounts due hereunder by reason of an Event of Default hereunder, acceptance of a partial or past due payment, or indulgences granted from time to time shall be construed (i) as a novation of this Note or as a reinstatement of this Note or as a waiver of such right of acceleration or of the right of Payee thereafter to insist upon strict compliance with the terms of this Note, or (ii) to prevent the exercise of such right of acceleration or any other right granted under this Note or by any applicable laws. Maker hereby expressly waives and relinquishes the benefit of any statute or rule of law or equity now provided, or which may hereafter be provided, which would produce a result contrary to or in conflict with the foregoing. The failure to exercise any remedy available to Payee shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights or remedies of Payee under this Note or at law or in equity. No extension of the time for the payment of this Note or any installment due hereunder, made by agreement with any person now or hereafter liable for the payment of this Note, shall operate to release, discharge, modify, change or affect the original liability of Maker under this Note, either in whole or in part, unless Payee specifically, unequivocally and expressly agrees otherwise in writing. This Note may not be changed orally, but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, or modification is sought.

Section 10. Non-negotiable. This Note is non-negotiable and may not be assigned, pledged or otherwise transferred in any manner whatsoever by Payee without obtaining Makers prior written consent. Following any such assignment, Maker is solely obligated with respect to its payment obligations under this Note to any such representative and not to any other Payee claimant.

Section 11. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Note is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any Law or public policy, all other terms or provisions of this Note shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the parties thereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Note so as to effect the original intent of the parties hereto as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

Section 12. Successors and Assigns; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Note shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Note does not create any rights, claims or benefits inuring to any person that is not a party hereto nor create or establish any third-party beneficiary hereto.

Section 13. ENTIRETY. PURSUANT TO SECTION 6.18 OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THIS NOTE REPRESENTS THE ENTIRE UNDERSTANDING AND AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE MAKER AND PAYEE WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS NOTE, SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR DISCUSSIONS, AGREEMENTS, AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, BETWEEN THE MAKER AND PAYEE WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS NOTE (INCLUDING ANY TERM SHEET OR SIMILAR AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT RELATING TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS NOTE), AND CAN BE AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED, OR CHANGED, AND ANY PROVISION OF THIS NOTE CAN BE WAIVED, ONLY BY WRITTEN INSTRUMENT MAKING SPECIFIC REFERENCE TO THIS NOTE SIGNED BY THE PARTY AGAINST WHOM ENFORCEMENT OF ANY SUCH AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT, MODIFICATION, OR WAIVER IS SOUGHT. NO ORAL STATEMENTS OR PRIOR WRITTEN MATERIAL NOT SPECIFICALLY INCORPORATED IN THIS NOTE WILL BE OF ANY FORCE AND EFFECT. THE MAKER AND PAYEE REPRESENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, THE MAKER AND PAYEE DID NOT RELY, AND HAVE NOT RELIED, ON ANY COMMUNICATIONS, PROMISES, STATEMENTS, INDUCEMENTS, OR REPRESENTATION(S), ORAL OR WRITTEN, BY ANY OTHER PARTY, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY CONTAINED IN THIS NOTE. THE MAKER AND PAYEE REPRESENT THAT THEY RELIED ON THEIR OWN JUDGMENT IN ENTERING INTO THIS NOTE. 

[Signature Page to follow]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Note to be executed on the day and year first above written.

MAKER: 

REALLOYS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Promissory Note

ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED BY: 

PAYEE:

BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Promissory Note

Exhibit G

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF

SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK OF

BLACKBOXSTOCKSINC.

I, Gust Kepler, hereby certify that I am the President and Chief Executive Officer of Blackboxstocks Inc. (the Company), a corporation organized and existing under the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS), and further do hereby certify:

That pursuant to the authority expressly conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) by the Companys Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation), and Section 78.1955 of the NRS, on [], 2025, the Board adopted the following resolution determining it desirable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders for the Company to create a series of fifteen thousand (15,000) shares of preferred stock designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, none of which shares have been issued:

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board, in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, a series of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company be and hereby is created, and that the designation and number of shares thereof and the voting and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof are as follows:

TERMS OF SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

1. Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and established a series of preferred stock of the Company designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares). The authorized number of Preferred Shares shall be fifteen thousand (15,000). Each Preferred Share shall have a par value equal to $0.001 per share. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 33 below.

2. Ranking. Except to the extent that Five Narrow Lane LP (the Required Holder) expressly consents to the creation of Senior Preferred Stock (as defined below) in accordance with Section 19, all shares of capital stock of the Company shall be pari passu (the Parity Stock) or junior (the Junior Stock) in rank to all Preferred Shares with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company. The rights of all such shares of capital stock of the Company shall be subject to the rights, powers, preferences and privileges of the Preferred Shares. Without limiting any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, without the prior express consent of the Required Holder, voting separately as a single class, the Company shall not hereafter authorize or issue any additional or other shares of capital stock that are (i) of senior rank to the Preferred Shares in respect of the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company (collectively, the Senior Preferred Stock), until the date on which at least 80% of the Preferred Shares have been converted to Common Stock, or (ii) Parity Stock or Junior Stock having a maturity date or any other date requiring redemption or repayment of such shares of Parity Stock or Junior Stock that is prior to the conversion or redemption of all the Preferred Shares. In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, including the Merger (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Preferred Shares shall maintain their relative rights, powers, designations, privileges and preferences provided for herein and no such merger or consolidation shall be consummated if it would result in the Preferred Shares being treated in any manner inconsistently with the foregoing.

3. Dividends and Payments.

(a) From and after the first date of issuance of any Preferred Shares (the Initial Issuance Date), each holder of a Preferred Share (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders) shall be entitled to receive dividends on the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares (Dividends) at the Dividend Rate computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months and shall be payable in arrears monthly on each Dividend Date and shall compound each calendar month. At the Holders sole discretion, dividends may be paid either (i) in cash, from funds legally available therefor, (ii) in kind in the form of additional Preferred Shares (the PIK Preferred Shares; and Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of such PIK Preferred Shares, the PIK Conversion Shares), or (iii) in combination of cash, from funds legally available therefor, and PIK Preferred Shares; provided, that, for purposes of clauses (ii) and (iii), the number of PIK Preferred Shares payable on such Dividend Date shall equal the quotient of (A) (i) the amount of the Dividend payable on such Divided Date elected by the Holder to be paid in PIK Preferred Shares divided by (ii) the arithmetic average of Closing Sale Prices of the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market for each of the five (5) Trading Days before the applicable Dividend Payment Date (as defined herein); provided that such price shall not be lower than the Floor Price, and (B) the Stated Value.

(b) Prior to the payment of Dividends on a Dividend Date, Dividends shall be payable by way of inclusion of the Dividends in the Conversion Amount on each Conversion Date in accordance with Section 4(b)(i) or upon any redemption in accordance with Section 12 or any required payment upon any Triggering Event. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any Triggering Event, Dividends shall accrue on the Stated Value each Preferred Share at fifteen percent (15.0%) per annum (the Default Rate) and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months.

(c) On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in funds legally available therefor representing all outstanding Preferred Shares, accrued and unpaid Dividends and accrued and unpaid Late Charges. Other than as specifically permitted hereunder, the Company may not prepay any portion of the aggregate Stated Value underlying outstanding Preferred Shares, accrued and unpaid Dividends or accrued and unpaid Late Charges.

4. Conversion. At any time after the Initial Issuance Date, each Preferred Share shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 4.

(a) Holders Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(d), at any time or times on or after the Initial Issuance Date, each Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding Preferred Shares held by such Holder into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 4(c) at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent (as defined below)) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Preferred Shares.

2

(b) Conversion Rate. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Preferred Share pursuant to Section 4(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount of such Preferred Share by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate):

(i) Conversion Amount means, with respect to each Preferred Share, as of the applicable date of determination, the sum of (1) the Stated Value thereof plus (2) the Make-Whole Amount, (3) the Additional Amount thereon and any accrued and unpaid Late Charges (as defined below in Section 26(c)) with respect to such Stated Value and Additional Amount as of such date of determination.

(ii) Conversion Price means, with respect to each Preferred Share, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, $[], subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion. The conversion of each Preferred Share shall be conducted in the following manner:

(i) Optional Conversion. To convert a Preferred Share into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), a Holder shall deliver (whether via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion of the share(s) of Preferred Shares subject to such conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice) to the Company. If required by Section 4(c)(iii), within two (2) Trading Days following a conversion of any such Preferred Shares as aforesaid, such Holder shall surrender to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company the original certificates, if any, representing the Preferred Shares (the Preferred Share Certificates) so converted as aforesaid (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to the Preferred Shares in the case of its loss, theft or destruction as contemplated by Section 20(b)). On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit by electronic mail an acknowledgment of confirmation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II, of receipt of such Conversion Notice to such Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent), which confirmation shall constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process such Conversion Notice in accordance with the terms herein. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following each date on which the Company has received a Conversion Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of such shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share Delivery Deadline), the Company shall (1) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust Companys (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST), credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to such Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system, or (2) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, upon the request of such Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in such Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of such Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion. If the number of Preferred Shares represented by the Preferred Share Certificate(s) submitted for conversion pursuant to Section 4(c)(iii) is greater than the number of Preferred Shares being converted, then the Company shall, as soon as practicable and in no event later than one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the Preferred Share Certificate(s) and at its own expense, issue and deliver to such Holder (or its designee) a new Preferred Share Certificate or a new Book-Entry (in either case, accordance with Section 20(d)) representing the number of Preferred Shares not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of Preferred Shares shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Conversion Notice delivered by a Buyer (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) to the Company on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of initial issuance of such applicable Preferred Shares to be converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice (each, an Issuance Date), which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Preferred Shares to be issued on such date subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such applicable Issuance Date and such Issuance Date shall be the Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder with respect to such Conversion Notice.

1 To be equal to: 100% of the lesser of (1) the closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately prior to the closing of the Merger and (2) the closing price of the Common Stock on the Stockholder Approval Date.

3

(ii) Companys Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery Deadline, if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, to issue and deliver to such Holder (or its designee) a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit such Holders or its designees balance account with DTC for such number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion of any Conversion Amount (as the case may be) (a Conversion Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to such Holder, (X) the Company shall pay in cash from funds legally available therefor to such Holder on each day after the Share Delivery Deadline that the issuance of such shares of Common Stock is not timely effected an amount equal to 2% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to such Holder on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline and to which such Holder is entitled, multiplied by (B) any trading price of the Common Stock selected by such Holder in writing as in effect at any time during the period beginning on the applicable Conversion Date and ending on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline, and (Y) such Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned, as the case may be, all, or any portion, of such Preferred Shares that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice; provided that the voiding of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 4(c)(ii) or otherwise. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to such Holder (or its designee) a certificate and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, the Transfer Agent shall fail to credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion hereunder or pursuant to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Share Delivery Deadline such Holder acquires (in an open market transaction, stock loan or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that such Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company in connection with such Conversion Failure (a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to such Holder, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days after receipt of such Holders request and in such Holders discretion, either: (I) pay cash from funds legally available therefor to such Holder in an amount equal to such Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commission, stock loan costs and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so acquired (including, without limitation, by any other Person in respect, or on behalf, of such Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) or credit to the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) shall terminate, or (II) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and deliver to such Holder a certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock or credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash from funds legally available therefor to such Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (x) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (II). Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock (or to electronically deliver such shares of Common Stock) upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares as required pursuant to the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any given Conversion Failure, this Section 4(c)(ii) shall not apply to a Holder to the extent the Company has already paid such amounts in full to such Holder with respect to such Conversion Failure, as applicable, pursuant to the analogous sections of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

4

(iii) Registration; Book-Entry. At the time of issuance of any Preferred Shares hereunder, the applicable Holder may, by written request (including by electronic-mail) to the Company, elect to receive such Preferred Shares in the form of one or more Preferred Share Certificates or in Book-Entry form. The Company (or the Transfer Agent, as custodian for the Preferred Shares) shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Holders of each Preferred Share and the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares and whether the Preferred Shares are held by such Holder in Preferred Share Certificates or in Book-Entry form (the Registered Preferred Shares). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and each Holder of the Preferred Shares shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Preferred Share for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to receive payments and Dividends hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered Preferred Share may be assigned, transferred or sold only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell one or more Registered Preferred Shares by such Holder thereof, the Company shall record the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Preferred Shares in the same aggregate Stated Value as the Stated Value of the surrendered Registered Preferred Shares to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 20, provided that if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of such Registered Preferred Shares within two (2) Business Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 4, following conversion of any Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, the applicable Holder shall not be required to physically surrender such Preferred Shares held in the form of a Preferred Share Certificate to the Company unless (A) the full or remaining number of Preferred Shares represented by the applicable Preferred Share Certificate are being converted (in which event such certificate(s) shall be delivered to the Company as contemplated by this Section 4(c)(iii)) or (B) such Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of Preferred Shares upon physical surrender of the applicable Preferred Share Certificate. Each Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Stated Value, Dividends and Late Charges converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the case may be) or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to such Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of a Preferred Share Certificate upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Stated Value, Dividends and Late Charges converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business Days of such occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of such Holder establishing the number of Preferred Shares to which the record holder is entitled shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. A Holder and any transferee or assignee, by acceptance of a certificate, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of any Preferred Shares, the number of Preferred Shares represented by such certificate may be less than the number of Preferred Shares stated on the face thereof. Each Preferred Share Certificate shall bear the following legend:

ANY TRANSFEREE OR ASSIGNEE OF THIS CERTIFICATE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THE COMPANYS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS RELATING TO THE SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, INCLUDING SECTION 4(c)(iii) THEREOF. THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE LESS THAN THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK STATED ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(c)(iii) OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS RELATING TO THE SHARES OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE.

5

(iv) Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one Holder for the same Conversion Date and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such Preferred Shares submitted for conversion, the Company shall convert from each Holder electing to have Preferred Shares converted on such date a pro rata amount of such Holders Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date based on the number of Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date by such Holder relative to the aggregate number of Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to a Holder in connection with a conversion of Preferred Shares, the Company shall issue to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 25.

(d) Limitation on Beneficial Ownership.

(i) Beneficial Ownership. The Company shall not effect the conversion of any of the Preferred Shares held by a Holder, and such Holder shall not have the right to convert any of the Preferred Shares held by such Holder pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Certificate of Designations and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, such Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by such Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted Preferred Shares beneficially owned by such Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible notes, convertible preferred stock or warrants, including the Preferred Shares and the Warrants) beneficially owned by such Holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 4(d)(i). For purposes of this Section 4(d)(i), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock a Holder may acquire upon the conversion of such Preferred Shares without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, such Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (z) any other written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent, if any, setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number). If the Company receives a Conversion Notice from a Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall notify such Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause such Holders beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 4(d)(i), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, such Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of any Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including such Preferred Shares, by such Holder and any other Attribution Party since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to a Holder upon conversion of such Preferred Shares results in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued by which such Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and such Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, any Holder may from time to time increase (with such increase not effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after delivery of such notice) or decrease the Maximum Percentage of such Holder to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to such Holder and the other Attribution Parties and not to any other Holder that is not an Attribution Party of such Holder. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable to a Holder pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by such Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act. No prior inability to convert such Preferred Shares pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of convertibility. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d)(i) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 4(d)(i) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of such Preferred Shares.

6

(ii) Principal Market Regulation. The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of any Preferred Shares or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock (taken together with the issuance of all other shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants) would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue upon exercise or conversion (as the case may be) of the Preferred Shares and the Warrants without breaching the Companys obligations under the rules and regulations the listing rules of the Principal Market (the number of shares which may be issued without violating such rules and regulations, the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company (A) obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Principal Market for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount or (B) obtains a written opinion from outside counsel to the Company that such approval is not required, which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holder. Until such approval or such written opinion is obtained, no Holder shall be issued in the aggregate, upon conversion or exercise (as the case may be) of any Preferred Shares or any Warrant, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the product of (i) the Exchange Cap as of the Initial Issuance Date multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (1) the aggregate number of Preferred Shares issued to such Holder on the Initial Issuance Date divided by (2) the aggregate number of Preferred Shares issued to the Holders on the Initial Issuance Date (with respect to each Holder, the Exchange Cap Allocation). In the event that any Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Holders Preferred Shares, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Holders Exchange Cap Allocation with respect to such portion of such Preferred Shares so transferred, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation so allocated to such transferee. Upon conversion in full of a holders Preferred Shares, the difference (if any) between such holders Exchange Cap Allocation and the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued to such holder upon such holders conversion in full of such Preferred Shares shall be allocated, to the respective Exchange Cap Allocations of the remaining holders of Preferred Shares and/or related Warrants on a pro rata basis in proportion to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Preferred Shares and/or related Warrants then held by each such holder of Preferred Shares and/or related Warrants. In the event that after [], 2025, the Company is prohibited from issuing any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4(d)(ii) (the Exchange Cap Shares) to a Holder, the Company shall pay cash from funds legally available therefor to such Holder in exchange for the redemption of such number of Preferred Shares held by such Holder that are not convertible into such Exchange Cap Shares at a price equal to the sum of (i) the product of (x) such number of Exchange Cap Shares and (y) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date such Holder delivers the applicable Conversion Notice with respect to such Exchange Cap Shares to the Company and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this Section 4(d)(ii) and (ii) to the extent such Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of Exchange Cap Shares, any brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of such Holder incurred in connection therewith.

5. Triggering Event Redemptions.

(a) Triggering Event. Each of the following events shall constitute a Triggering Event and each of the events in clauses (viii), (ix), and (x) shall constitute a Bankruptcy Triggering Event:

(i) the suspension from trading or the failure of the Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on an Eligible Market for a period of five (5) consecutive Trading Days;

(ii) the Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure or a Delivery Failure (as defined in the Warrants) by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock within five (5) Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date or exercise date (as the case may be) or (B) written notice to any holder of Preferred Shares or Warrants, including, without limitation, by way of public announcement or through any of its agents, at any time, of its intention not to comply, as required, with a request for exercise of any Warrants for Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Warrants or a request for conversion of any Preferred Shares into shares of Common Stock that is requested in accordance with the provisions of this Certificate of Designations, other than pursuant to Section 4(d) hereof;

7

(iii) except to the extent the Company is in compliance with Section 11(b) below, following the Stockholder Approval Date, at any time following the tenth (10th) consecutive day that a Holders Authorized Share Allocation (as defined in Section 11(a) below) is less than the sum of (A) 200% of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder would be entitled to receive upon a conversion, in full, of all of the Preferred Shares then held by such Holder (assuming a conversion at the Floor Price then in effect and without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in this Certificate of Designations) and (B) 200% of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder would then be entitled to receive upon exercise in full of such Holders Warrants (without regard to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants);

(iv) subject to the applicable provisions of the NRS, the Board fails to declare any Dividend to be paid on the applicable Dividend Date in accordance with Section 3;

(v) the Companys failure to pay to any Holder any Dividend on any Dividend Date (whether or not declared by the Board) or any other amount when and as due under this Certificate of Designations (including, without limitation, the Companys failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder), the Securities Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, document, certificate or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (in each case, whether or not permitted pursuant to the NRS), except, in the case of a failure to pay Dividends and Late Charges when and as due, in each such case only if such failure remains uncured for a period of at least five (5) Trading Days;

(vi) the Company fails to deliver Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares without a restrictive legend on any certificate or any shares of Common Stock issued to the applicable Holder upon conversion or exercise (as the case may be) of any Securities (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) acquired by such Holder under the Transaction Documents as and when required by such Securities or the Securities Purchase Agreement, as applicable, and any such failure remains uncured for at least five (5) Trading Days;

(vii) the occurrence of any default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of at least an aggregate of $250,000 of Indebtedness (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(viii) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within thirty (30) days of their initiation;

8

(ix) the commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company or any Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(x) the entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order, judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days;

(xi) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $250,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $250,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides each Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to each Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

9

(xii) the Company and/or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, either (i) fails to pay, when due, or within any applicable grace period, any payment with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of $250,000 due to any third party (other than, with respect to unsecured Indebtedness only, payments contested by the Company and/or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) in good faith by proper proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP) or is otherwise in breach or violation of any agreement for monies owed or owing in an amount in excess of $250,000, which breach or violation permits the other party thereto to declare a default or otherwise accelerate amounts due thereunder, or (ii) suffer to exist any other circumstance or event that would, with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice, result in a default or event of default under any agreement binding the Company or any Subsidiary, which default or event of default would or is likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, operations (including results thereof), liabilities, properties, condition (including financial condition) or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate, but only if such failure or occurrence remains uncured for a period of at least five (5) days;

(xiii) other than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 5(a), the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any representation or warranty in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of five (5) consecutive Trading Days;

(xiv) a false or inaccurate certification (including a false or inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company as to whether any Triggering Event has occurred;

(xv) any breach or failure in any respect by the Company or any Subsidiary to comply with any provision of Section 15(m) of this Certificate of Designations;

(xvi) any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) occurs that has not been cured, if capable of curing, within ten (10) Trading Days of the occurrence thereof; or

(xvii) any provision of any Transaction Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Company, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any Subsidiary, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under one or more Transaction Documents.

10

(b) Notice of a Triggering Event; Redemption Right. Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event with respect to the Preferred Shares, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day delivery specified) (an Triggering Event Notice) to each Holder. At any time after the earlier of a Holders receipt of a Triggering Event Notice and such Holder becoming aware of a Triggering Event (such earlier date, the Triggering Event Right Commencement Date) and ending (such ending date, the Triggering Event Right Expiration Date, and each such period, a Triggering Event Redemption Right Period) on the fifteenth (15th) Trading Day after the later of (x) the later of (1) the date such Triggering Event is cured and (2) the date the Company delivers written notice to the Holders of the cure of such Triggering Event and (y) such Holders receipt of a Triggering Event Notice that includes (I) a reasonable description of the applicable Triggering Event, (II) a certification as to whether, in the opinion of the Company, such Triggering Event is capable of being cured and, if applicable, a reasonable description of any existing plans of the Company to cure such Triggering Event and (III) a certification as to the date the Triggering Event occurred and, if cured on or prior to the date of such Triggering Event Notice, the applicable Triggering Event Right Expiration Date, such Holder may require the Company to redeem (regardless of whether such Triggering Event has been cured on or prior to the Triggering Event Right Expiration Date) all or any of the Preferred Shares by delivering written notice thereof (the Triggering Event Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Triggering Event Redemption Notice shall indicate the number of the Preferred Shares such Holder is electing to redeem. Each of the Preferred Shares subject to redemption by the Company pursuant to this Section 5(b) shall be redeemed by the Company at a price equal to the greater of (i) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount to be redeemed multiplied by (B) the Redemption Premium and (ii) the product of (X) the Conversion Rate with respect to the Conversion Amount in effect at such time as such Holder delivers a Triggering Event Redemption Notice multiplied by (Y) the product of (1) the Redemption Premium multiplied by (2) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such Triggering Event and ending on the date the Company makes the entire payment required to be made under this Section 5(b) (the Triggering Event Redemption Price). Redemptions required by this Section 5(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 12. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 5(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of the Preferred Shares by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5(b), but subject to Section 4(d), until the Triggering Event Redemption Price (together with any Late Charges thereon) is paid in full, the Conversion Amount submitted for redemption under this Section 5(b) (together with any Late Charges thereon) may be converted, in whole or in part, by such Holder into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations. In the event of the Companys redemption of any of the Preferred Shares under this Section 5(b), a Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for such Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 5(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of such Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. Any redemption upon a Triggering Event shall not constitute an election of remedies by the applicable Holder or any other Holder, and all other rights and remedies of each Holder shall be preserved.

(c) Mandatory Redemption upon Bankruptcy Triggering Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and notwithstanding any conversion that is then required or in process, upon any Bankruptcy Triggering Event, whether occurring prior to or following the Maturity Date, the Company shall immediately redeem, out of funds legally available therefor, each of the Preferred Shares then outstanding at a redemption price equal to the applicable Triggering Event Redemption Price (calculated as if such Holder shall have delivered the Triggering Event Redemption Notice immediately prior to the occurrence of such Bankruptcy Triggering Event), without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by any Holder or any other person or entity, provided that a Holder may, in its sole discretion, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Triggering Event, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights of such Holder or any other Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy Triggering Event, any right to conversion, and any right to payment of such Triggering Event Redemption Price or any other Redemption Price, as applicable.

11

6. Rights Upon Fundamental Transactions.

(a) Assumption. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity (if the Successor Entity is not the Company) assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designations and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holder and approved by the Required Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to each holder of Preferred Shares in exchange for such Preferred Shares a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Certificate of Designations, including, without limitation, having a stated value and dividend rate equal to the stated value and dividend rate of the Preferred Shares held by the Holders and having similar ranking to the Preferred Shares, and satisfactory to the Required Holder and (ii) the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose shares of common stock are quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designations and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designations and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein and therein. In addition to the foregoing, upon consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity (if the Successor Entity is not the Company) shall deliver to each Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares at any time after the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable under Sections 7 and 17, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of the publicly traded common stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which each Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had all the Preferred Shares held by each Holder been converted immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Shares contained in this Certificate of Designations), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Certificate of Designations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 6(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of the Preferred Shares. The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares.

12

(b) Notice of a Change of Control Redemption Right. No sooner than twenty (20) Trading Days nor later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control (the Change of Control Date), but not prior to the public announcement of such Change of Control, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to each Holder (a Change of Control Notice). At any time during the period beginning after a Holders receipt of a Change of Control Notice or such Holder becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to such Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (as applicable) and ending on the later of (A) the date of consummation of such Change of Control or (B) twenty (20) Trading Days after the date of receipt of such Change of Control Notice or (C) twenty (20) Trading Days after the date of the announcement of such Change of Control, such Holder may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of such Holders Preferred Shares by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the number of Preferred Shares such Holder is electing to have the Company redeem. Each Preferred Share subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall be redeemed by the Company in funds legally available therefor at a price equal to the greatest of (i) the product of (w) the Change of Control Redemption Premium multiplied by (y) the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares being redeemed, (ii) the product of (x) the Change of Control Redemption Premium multiplied by (y) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares being redeemed multiplied by (B) the quotient determined by dividing (I) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock during the period beginning on the date immediately preceding the earlier to occur of (1) the consummation of the applicable Change of Control and (2) the public announcement of such Change of Control and ending on the date such Holder delivers the Change of Control Redemption Notice by (II) the Conversion Price then in effect and (iii) the product of (y) the Change of Control Redemption Premium multiplied by (z) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares being redeemed multiplied by (B) the quotient of (I) the aggregate cash consideration and the aggregate cash value of any non-cash consideration per share of Common Stock to be paid to such holders of the shares of Common Stock upon consummation of such Change of Control (any such non-cash consideration constituting publicly-traded securities shall be valued at the highest of the Closing Sale Price of such securities as of the Trading Day immediately prior to the consummation of such Change of Control, the Closing Sale Price of such securities on the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of such proposed Change of Control and the Closing Sale Price of such securities on the Trading Day immediately prior to the public announcement of such proposed Change of Control) divided by (II) the Conversion Price then in effect (the Change of Control Redemption Price). Redemptions required by this Section 6(b) shall have priority to payments to all other stockholders of the Company in connection with such Change of Control. To the extent redemptions required by this Section 6(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of the Preferred Shares by the Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6(b), but subject to Section 4(d), until the applicable Change of Control Redemption Price (together with any Late Charges thereon) is paid in full to the applicable Holder, the Preferred Shares submitted by such Holder for redemption under this Section 6(b) may be converted, in whole or in part, by such Holder into Common Stock pursuant to Section 4 or in the event the Conversion Date is after the consummation of such Change of Control, stock or equity interests of the Successor Entity substantially equivalent to the Companys shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4. In the event of the Companys redemption of any of the Preferred Shares under this Section 6(b), such Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for a Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 6(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of such Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. The Company shall make payment of the applicable Change of Control Redemption Price concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control if a Change of Control Redemption Notice is received prior to the consummation of such Change of Control and within two (2) Trading Days after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise (the Change of Control Redemption Date). Redemptions required by this Section 6 shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.

13

7. Rights Upon Issuance of Purchase Rights and Other Corporate Events.

(a) Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 8 below, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then each Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of all the Preferred Shares (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares and assuming for such purpose that all the Preferred Shares were converted at the Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) held by such Holder immediately prior to the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that such Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then such Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar provision, such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable) for the benefit of such Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times such Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right held similarly in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar provision, such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable)) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

14

(b) Other Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure that each Holder will thereafter have the right, at such Holders option, to receive upon a conversion of all the Preferred Shares held by such Holder (i) in addition to the shares of Common Stock receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which such Holder would have been entitled with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of Common Stock been held by such Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares set forth in this Certificate of Designations) or (ii) in lieu of the shares of Common Stock otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of shares of Common Stock in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as such Holder would have been entitled to receive had the Preferred Shares held by such Holder initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to shares of Common Stock) at a conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Rate. Provision made pursuant the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holder. The provisions of this Section 7 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares set forth in this Certificate of Designations.

8. Rights Upon Issuance of Other Securities.

(a) Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Subscription Date the Company grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement or publicly announces its intention to grant, issue or sell), or in accordance with this Section 8(a) is deemed to have granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including the granting, issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for the account of the Company, but excluding any Excluded Securities granted, issued or sold or deemed to have been granted, issued or sold) for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such granting, issuance or sale or deemed granting, issuance or sale (such Conversion Price then in effect is referred to herein as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then, immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For all purposes of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Conversion Price and the New Issuance Price under this Section 8(a)), the following shall be applicable:

(i) Issuance of Options. If the Company in any manner grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell) any Options and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting, issuance or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes of this Section 8(a)(i), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting, issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest exercise price set forth in such Option for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable assuming all possible market conditions) upon the exercise of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or any other Person) with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting, issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such share of Common Stock or of such Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such Options or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof or upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

15

(ii) Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any manner issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to issue or sell) any Convertible Securities and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale (or the time of execution of such agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes of this Section 8(a)(ii), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale (or pursuant to the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of the Convertible Security and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Security or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible Security for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable assuming all possible market conditions) upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person) with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale (or the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Securities or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, and if any such issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of the Conversion Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 8(a), except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made by reason of such issuance or sale.

16

(iii) Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration, if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 8(b) below), the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate (as the case may be) at the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section 8(a)(iii), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (including, without limitation, any Option or Convertible Security that was outstanding as of the Subscription Date) are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence, then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 8(a) shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in effect.

(iv) Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right is issued in connection with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (as determined by the Required Holder, the Primary Security, and such Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right, the Secondary Securities and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together comprising one integrated transaction, the aggregate consideration per share of Common Stock with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be the lower of (x) the purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Convertible Security, the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Primary Security in accordance with Section 8(a)(i) or 8(a)(ii) above and (z) the lowest VWAP of the shares of Common Stock on any Trading Day during the five (5) Trading Day period (the Adjustment Period) immediately following the public announcement of such Dilutive Issuance (for the avoidance of doubt, if such public announcement is released prior to the opening of the Principal Market on a Trading Day, such Trading Day shall be the first Trading Day in such five (5) Trading Day period and if any Preferred Shares are converted, on any given Conversion Date during any such Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such Preferred Shares converted on such applicable Conversion Date, such applicable Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included, the Trading Day immediately prior to such Conversion Date). If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received therefor will be deemed to be the net amount of consideration received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company for such securities will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by the Company and the Required Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Required Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

17

(v) Record Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(b) Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. Without limiting any provision of Sections 7, 17 or 8(a), if the Company at any time on or after the Subscription Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. Without limiting any provision of Sections 7, 17 or 8(a), if the Company at any time on or after the Subscription Date combines (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. Any adjustment pursuant to this Section 8(b) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this Section 8(b) occurs during the period that a Conversion Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Conversion Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(c) Holders Right of Adjusted Conversion Price. In addition to and not in limitation of the other provisions of this Section 8(b), if the Company in any manner issues or sells or enters into any agreement to issue or sell, any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (any such securities, Variable Price Securities) after the Subscription Date that are issuable pursuant to such agreement or convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock at a price which varies or may vary with the market price of the shares of Common Stock, including by way of one or more reset(s) to a fixed price, but exclusive of such formulations reflecting customary anti-dilution provisions (such as share splits, share combinations, share dividends and similar transactions) (each of the formulations for such variable price being herein referred to as, the Variable Price), the Company shall provide written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to each Holder on the date of such agreement and/or the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or Options, as applicable. From and after the date the Company enters into such agreement or issues any such Variable Price Securities, each Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to substitute the Variable Price for the Conversion Price upon conversion of the Preferred Shares by designating in the Conversion Notice delivered upon any conversion of Preferred Shares that solely for purposes of such conversion such Holder is relying on the Variable Price rather than the Conversion Price then in effect. A Holders election to rely on a Variable Price for a particular conversion of Preferred Shares shall not obligate such Holder to rely on a Variable Price for any future conversions of Preferred Shares.

18

(d) Stock Combination Event Adjustments. If at any time and from time to time on or after the Subscription Date there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, reverse stock split, recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Stock Combination Event, and such date thereof, the Stock Combination Event Date) and the Event Market Price is less than the Conversion Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 8(b) above), then on or prior to the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day immediately following such Stock Combination Event Date (Stock Combination Event Adjustment Date), the Conversion Price then in effect on such Stock Combination Event Adjustment Date (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 8(b) above) shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price. For the avoidance of doubt, if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the Conversion Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made.

(e) Other Events. In the event that the Company (or any Subsidiary) shall take any action to which the provisions hereof are not strictly applicable, or, if applicable, would not operate to protect any Holder from dilution or if any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 8 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Board shall in good faith determine and implement an appropriate adjustment in the Conversion Price so as to protect the rights of such Holder, provided that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 8(e) will increase the Conversion Price as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 8, provided further that if such Holder does not accept such adjustments as appropriately protecting its interests hereunder against such dilution, then the Board and such Holder shall agree, in good faith, upon an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing to make such appropriate adjustments, whose determination shall be final and binding absent manifest error and whose fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company.

(f) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 8 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.

(g) Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, with the prior written consent of the Required Holder, reduce the then current Conversion Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board.

9. Reserved.

10. Reserved.

19

11. Authorized Shares.

(a) Reservation. Following the Stockholder Approval Date, so long as any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 200% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of all of the Preferred Shares then outstanding at the Floor Price then in effect (without regard to any limitations on conversions and assuming the Preferred Shares remain outstanding until the Maturity Date) (the Required Reserve Amount). The Required Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the Holders based on the number of the Preferred Shares held by each Holder on the Initial Issuance Date or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Holders Preferred Shares, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any shares of Common Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Preferred Shares shall be allocated to the remaining Holders of Preferred Shares, pro rata based on the number of the Preferred Shares then held by the Holders.

(b) Insufficient Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 11(a) and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the Preferred Shares remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Shares at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the Preferred Shares then outstanding (or deemed outstanding pursuant to Section 11(a) above). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such proposal (or, if a majority of the voting power then in effect of the capital stock of the Company consents to such increase, in lieu of such proxy statement, deliver to the stockholders of the Company an information statement that has been filed with (and either approved by or not subject to comments from) the SEC with respect thereto). In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing shares of Common Stock to a Holder upon any conversion due to the failure by the Company to have sufficient shares of Common Stock available out of the authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock (such unavailable number of shares of Common Stock, the Authorized Failure Shares), in lieu of delivering such Authorized Failure Shares to such Holder, the Company shall pay legally available funds in exchange for the redemption of such portion of the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares convertible into such Authorized Failure Shares at a price equal to the sum of (i) the product of (x) such number of Authorized Failure Shares and (y) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date such Holder delivers the applicable Conversion Notice with respect to such Authorized Failure Shares to the Company and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this Section 11(a); and (ii) to the extent such Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of Authorized Failure Shares, any brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of such Holder incurred in connection therewith. Nothing contained in Section 11(a) or this Section 11(b) shall limit any obligations of the Company under any provision of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

20

12. Redemptions.

(a) General. If a Holder has submitted a Triggering Event Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 5(b), the Company shall deliver the applicable Triggering Event Redemption Price to such Holder in legally available funds within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of such Holders Triggering Event Redemption Notice. If a Holder has submitted a Change of Control Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 6(b), the Company shall deliver the applicable Change of Control Redemption Price to such Holder in legally available funds concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation of such Change of Control and within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise. If a Holder has submitted a Maturity Redemption Notice in accordance with Section 12(e) below, the Company shall deliver the applicable Maturity Redemption Price to such Holder in legally available funds on the applicable Maturity Redemption Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in connection with any redemption hereunder at a time a Holder is entitled to receive a cash payment under any of the other Transaction Documents, at the option of such Holder delivered in writing to the Company, the applicable Redemption Price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment owed to such Holder under such other Transaction Document and, upon payment in full or conversion in accordance herewith, shall satisfy the Companys payment obligation under such other Transaction Document. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Preferred Shares, the Company shall promptly cause to be issued and delivered to such Holder a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 20) (or evidence of the creation of a new Book-Entry) representing the number of Preferred Shares which have not been redeemed. In the event that the Company does not pay the applicable Redemption Price to a Holder within the time period required for any reason (including, without limitation, to the extent such payment is prohibited pursuant to the NRS), at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such unpaid Redemption Price in full, such Holder shall have the option, in lieu of redemption, to require the Company to promptly return to such Holder all or any of the Preferred Shares that were submitted for redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Price (together with any Late Charges thereon) has not been paid. Upon the Companys receipt of such notice, (x) the applicable Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such Preferred Shares, and (y) the Company shall immediately return the applicable Preferred Share Certificate, or issue a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 20(d)), to such Holder (unless the Preferred Shares are held in Book-Entry form, in which case the Company shall deliver evidence to such Holder that a Book-Entry for such Preferred Shares then exists), and in each case the Additional Amount of such Preferred Shares shall be increased by an amount equal to the difference between (1) the applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be, and as adjusted pursuant to this Section 12, if applicable) minus (2) the Stated Value portion of the Conversion Amount submitted for redemption. A Holders delivery of a notice voiding a Redemption Notice and exercise of its rights following such notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments of Late Charges which have accrued prior to the date of such notice with respect to the Preferred Shares subject to such notice.

21

(b) Redemption by Multiple Holders. Upon the Companys receipt of a Redemption Notice from any Holder for redemption or repayment as a result of an event or occurrence substantially similar to the events or occurrences described in Section 5(b) or Section 6(b), the Company shall immediately, but no later than one (1) Business Day of its receipt thereof, forward to each other Holder by electronic mail a copy of such notice. If the Company receives one or more Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period beginning on and including the date which is two (2) Business Days prior to the Companys receipt of the initial Redemption Notice and ending on and including the date which is two (2) Business Days after the Companys receipt of the initial Redemption Notice and the Company is unable to redeem all of the Conversion Amount of such Preferred Shares designated in such initial Redemption Notice and such other Redemption Notices received during such seven (7) Business Day period, then the Company shall redeem a pro rata amount from each Holder based on the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares submitted for redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notices received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day period.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Company Mandatory Redemption.

(i) At any time after the Initial Issuance Date, to the extent the Company raises capital in any financing with gross proceeds in excess of $3 million, the Company shall use one-third of such gross proceeds to redeem all or any portion of the Preferred Shares then outstanding (the Company Mandatory Redemption Amount) on the Company Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined below) (a Company Mandatory Redemption). The Preferred Shares subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 12(d) shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price (the Company Mandatory Redemption Price) equal to the product of (i) 110% and (ii) the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares being redeemed plus the Additional Amount thereon, as of the Company Mandatory Redemption Date.

(ii) In connection with a Company Mandatory Redemption, the Company shall deliver a written notice thereof by facsimile or electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the Holders (the Company Mandatory Redemption Notice and the date all of the Holders received such notice is referred to as the Company Mandatory Redemption Notice Date). Any Company Mandatory Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. The Company Mandatory Redemption Notice shall (x) state the date on which the Company Mandatory Redemption shall occur (the Company Mandatory Redemption Date) which date shall not be less than twenty (20) Trading Days and not more than forty (40) Trading Days following the Company Mandatory Redemption Notice Date, and (y) state the aggregate Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares which is being redeemed in such Company Mandatory Redemption from such Holder and all of the other Holders of the Preferred Shares (which shall be allocated, pro rata, to each Holder) pursuant to this Section 12(d) on the Company Mandatory Redemption Date. All Conversion Amounts converted by a Holder after the Company Mandatory Redemption Notice Date shall reduce the Company Mandatory Redemption Amount of the Preferred Shares of such Holder required to be redeemed on the Company Mandatory Redemption Date.

22

(iii) With respect to any Preferred Shares which have not been converted by a holder of the Preferred Shares prior to the Company Mandatory Redemption Date and have been specified to be redeemed by the Company pursuant to the Company Mandatory Redemption and which have been redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 12(d), (i) Dividends shall cease to accrue on such Preferred Shares, (ii) such Preferred Shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and (iii) all rights with respect to such Preferred Shares shall cease and terminate.

(iv) In the event of the Companys redemption of any of the Preferred Shares under this Section 12(d), a Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for such Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 12(d) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of such Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. For purposes of clarification, a Company Mandatory Redemption shall be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 12(a).

(e) Holder Optional Redemption at Maturity Date. At any time from and after the tenth (10th) Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, any Holder may require the Company to redeem (a Maturity Redemption), out of funds legally available therefor, all or any number of Preferred Shares held by such Holder at a purchase price equal to the product of 100% of the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares being redeemed (the Maturity Redemption Price). The Maturity Redemption Notice shall state the date the Company is required to pay to such Holder such Maturity Redemption Price (the Maturity Redemption Date), which date shall be no earlier than ten (10) Business Days following the date of delivery of such Maturity Redemption Notice.

13. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by applicable law and subject to the provisions of Section 4(d) hereof, Holders of Preferred Shares shall be entitled to vote with holders of the Common Stock on all matters that such holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote upon, in the same manner and with the same effect as the holders of Common Stock, voting together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(d) hereof, each Preferred Share shall entitle the Holder thereof to cast that number of votes per Preferred Share equal to the Stated Value of such Preferred Share divided by the Nasdaq Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) immediately preceding the Subscription Date (or $[] per share, as of the date of this Certificate of Designations, and subject to adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions following the date hereof). For purposes of clarity, this Nasdaq Minimum Price shall apply only for purposes of this Section 13 of the Certificate of Designations and not apply to any other section of the Certificate of Designations or any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that under the NRS the vote of the holders of the Preferred Shares, voting separately as a class or series, as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the Required Holder represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present or by written consent of the Required Holder (except as otherwise may be required under the NRS), shall constitute the approval of such action by both the class or the series, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at any meeting of the stockholders of the Company at which the Preferred Shares are entitled to vote, the number of Preferred Shares and votes represented by such shares shall be counted on an as converted to Common Stock basis, subject to any limitations on conversion set forth herein. Holders of the Preferred Shares shall be entitled to written notice of all stockholder meetings or written consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to stockholders) with respect to which they would be entitled to vote, which notice would be provided pursuant to the Bylaws and the NRS.

23

14. Covenants. For so long as any Preferred Shares are outstanding, without the prior written consent of the Required Holder:

(a) Incurrence of Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness).

(b) Existence of Liens. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Liens) other than Permitted Liens.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Reserved.

(e) Reserved.

(f) Maturity of Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, permit any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to mature or accelerate prior to the conversion or redemption of all the Preferred Shares.

(g) Reserved.

(h) Preservation of Existence, Etc. Other than in connection with the Merger, the Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary; provided, however, that the Company shall have the right to merge or combine wholly-owned Subsidiaries hereunder, or eliminate or dissolve foreign Subsidiaries, in each case where such restructuring does not have a material impact on the Companys assets or ability to comply with the provisions hereof.

24

(i) Maintenance of Properties, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder.

(j) Reserved.

(k) Maintenance of Insurance. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business interruption insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as are generally consistent with the coverage held by the Company on the Initial Issuance Date.

(l) Transactions with Affiliates. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any affiliate, except transactions in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent, if applicable, consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be reasonably expected to be obtained in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is not an affiliate thereof.

(m) Reserved.

(n) Reserved.

(o) Reserved.

(p) Organizational Documents. The Company shall not amend, alter, modify, or repeal the Articles of Incorporation, this Certificate of Designation, or the bylaws of the Company, including the amendment of the Articles of Incorporation by the adoption or amendment of any Certificate of Designation or similar document, in each case, in any manner that materially adversely affects any of the Holders of the Preferred Shares.

(q) Reserved.

(r) Reserved.

(s) Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Certificate of Designations; and (B) expressly waives all benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Holders by this Certificate of Designations, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

25

(t) Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with any related interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries or their respective assets or upon their ownership, possession, use, operation or disposition thereof or upon their rents, receipts or earnings arising therefrom (except where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax returns (except where the failure to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

(u) Independent Investigation. At the request of any Holder either (x) at any time when a Triggering Event has occurred and is continuing, (y) upon the occurrence of an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute a Triggering Event or (z) at any time such Holder reasonably believes a Triggering Event may have occurred or be continuing, the Company shall hire an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by such Holder to investigate as to whether any breach of the Certificate of Designations has occurred (the Independent Investigator). If the Independent Investigator determines that such breach of the Certificate of Designations has occurred, the Independent Investigator shall notify the Company of such breach and the Company shall deliver written notice to each Holder of such breach. In connection with such investigation, the Independent Investigator may, during normal business hours, inspect all contracts, books, records, personnel, offices and other facilities and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the extent available to the Company after the Company uses reasonable efforts to obtain them, the records of its legal advisors and accountants (including the accountants work papers) and any books of account, records, reports and other papers not contractually required of the Company to be confidential or secret, or subject to attorney-client or other evidentiary privilege, and the Independent Investigator may make such copies and inspections thereof as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall furnish the Independent Investigator with such financial and operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties of the Company as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall permit the Independent Investigator to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company with, and to make proposals and furnish advice with respect thereto to, the Companys officers, directors, key employees and independent public accountants or any of them (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss with such Independent Investigator the finances and affairs of the Company and any Subsidiaries), all at such reasonable times, upon reasonable notice, and as often as may be reasonably requested.

(v) Factoring and Cash Advance Agreement. The Company shall not enter into any factoring agreement, merchant cash advance agreement or similar arrangement without the prior written consent of the Required Holder.

26

15. Liquidation, Dissolution, Winding-Up. In the event of a Liquidation Event, the Holders shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the assets of the Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders (the Liquidation Funds), before any amount shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of Junior Stock, but pari passu with any Parity Stock then outstanding, an amount per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (A) 350% of the Stated Value and (B) the amount per share such Holder would receive if such Holder converted such Preferred Share into Common Stock immediately prior to the date of such payment, provided that if the Liquidation Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due to the Holders and holders of shares of Parity Stock, then each Holder and each holder of Parity Stock shall receive a percentage of the Liquidation Funds equal to the full amount of Liquidation Funds payable to such Holder and such holder of Parity Stock as a liquidation preference, in accordance with their respective certificate of designations (or equivalent), as a percentage of the full amount of Liquidation Funds payable to all holders of Preferred Shares and all holders of shares of Parity Stock. To the extent necessary, the Company shall cause such actions to be taken by each of its Subsidiaries so as to enable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the proceeds of a Liquidation Event to be distributed to the Holders in accordance with this Section 15. All the preferential amounts to be paid to the Holders under this Section 15 shall be paid or set apart for payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any amount for, or the distribution of any Liquidation Funds of the Company to the holders of shares of Junior Stock in connection with a Liquidation Event as to which this Section 15 applies.

16. Distribution of Assets. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) and Section 8, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distributions of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to any or all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (the Distributions), then each Holder, as holders of Preferred Shares, will be entitled to such Distributions as if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the Preferred Shares (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares and assuming for such purpose that the Preferred Share was converted at the Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) immediately prior to the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for such Distributions (provided, however, that to the extent that such Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then such Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent of any such excess) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of such Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times, if any, such Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

27

17. Vote to Change the Terms of or Issue Preferred Shares. In addition to any other rights provided by law, except where the vote or written consent of the holders of a greater number of shares is required by law or by another provision of the Articles of Incorporation, without first obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written consent without a meeting of the Required Holder, the Company shall not (in any case, whether by amendment, modification, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or otherwise): (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision to, its Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any certificate of designations or articles of amendment of any series of shares of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Preferred Shares hereunder, regardless of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation or otherwise; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Preferred Shares; (c) without limiting any provision of Section 2, create or authorize (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of Senior Preferred Stock or Parity Stock; (d) purchase, repurchase or redeem any shares of Junior Stock (other than pursuant to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plans and options and other equity awards granted under such plans (that have in good faith been approved by the Board)); (e) without limiting any provision of Section 2, pay dividends or make any other distribution on any shares of any Junior Stock; (f) issue any Preferred Shares other than as contemplated hereby or pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement; or (g) without limiting any provision of Section 10, whether or not prohibited by the terms of the Preferred Shares, circumvent a right of the Preferred Shares hereunder.

18. Stockholder Approval. Within 45 days of the Initial Issuance Date, the Company shall file with the SEC a proxy statement, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Holders, soliciting the affirmative votes of each of its stockholders of record for approval of resolutions providing for the issuance of the Securities (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), including, for the avoidance of doubt, the approval of a change of control of the Company, in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Principal Market (Stockholder Approval; and the date the Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Stockholder Approval Date) and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to, at the expense of the Company, solicit its stockholders approval of such resolution and to cause the Board of Directors of the Company to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such resolution. The Company shall hold a special meeting of stockholders (the Stockholder Meeting) for purposes of obtaining Stockholder Approval as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing of such proxy statement with the SEC (the Stockholder Meeting Deadline), and the Company shall be obligated to seek to obtain the Stockholder Approval by the Stockholder Meeting Deadline. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held within 90 days later. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder meetings, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held semi-annually thereafter until such Stockholder Approval is obtained. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall not be required to hold a Stockholder Meeting or seek Stockholder Approval any time following the time when the Preferred Shares are no longer outstanding if upon full exercise of the Warrants, the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Preferred Shares and Warrants would not exceed the Exchange Cap. Each Holder covenants to vote, and shall cause its affiliates to vote, all Preferred Shares owned by such Holder or its affiliates, as applicable, in respect of any resolution presented to the stockholders of the Company for the purpose of obtaining the Stockholder Approval. For clarity, the Holders agreement to vote its Preferred Shares in accordance with the foregoing sentence, does not require the Holder to vote such shares for or against any other proposal or proposals, whether or not such other proposal or proposals are recommended by the Board of Directors.

28

19. Transfer of Preferred Shares. A Holder may transfer some or all of its Preferred Shares without the consent of the Company, but any such transfer shall be in compliance with all applicable securities laws.

20. Reissuance of Preferred Share Certificates and Book Entries.

(a) Transfer. If any Preferred Shares are to be transferred, the applicable Holder shall surrender the applicable Preferred Share Certificate to the Company (or, if the Preferred Shares are held in Book-Entry form, a written instruction letter to the Company), whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of such Holder a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 20(d)) (or evidence of the transfer of such Book-Entry), registered as such Holder may request, representing the outstanding number of Preferred Shares being transferred by such Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding number of Preferred Shares is being transferred, a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 20(d)) to such Holder representing the outstanding number of Preferred Shares not being transferred (or evidence of such remaining Preferred Shares in a Book-Entry for such Holder). Such Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of the Preferred Share Certificate or evidence of Book-Entry issuance, as applicable, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 4(c)(i) following conversion or redemption of any of the Preferred Shares, the outstanding number of Preferred Shares represented by the Preferred Shares may be less than the number of Preferred Shares stated on the face of the Preferred Shares.

(b) Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Preferred Share Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Preferred Share Certificate (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the applicable Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of such Preferred Share Certificate, the Company shall execute and deliver to such Holder a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 20(d)) representing the applicable outstanding number of Preferred Shares.

(c) Preferred Share Certificate and Book-Entries Exchangeable for Different Denominations and Forms. Each Preferred Share Certificate is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the applicable Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Preferred Share Certificate or Preferred Share Certificate(s) or new Book-Entry (in accordance with Section 20(d)) representing, in the aggregate, the outstanding number of the Preferred Shares in the original Preferred Share Certificate, and each such new Preferred Share Certificate and/or new Book-Entry, as applicable, will represent such portion of such outstanding number of Preferred Shares from the original Preferred Share Certificate as is designated in writing by such Holder at the time of such surrender. Each Book-Entry may be exchanged into one or more new Preferred Share Certificates or split by the applicable Holder by delivery of a written notice to the Company into two or more new Book-Entries (in accordance with Section 20(d)) representing, in the aggregate, the outstanding number of the Preferred Shares in the original Book-Entry, and each such new Book-Entry and/or new Preferred Share Certificate, as applicable, will represent such portion of such outstanding number of Preferred Shares from the original Book-Entry as is designated in writing by such Holder at the time of such surrender.

29

(d) Issuance of New Preferred Share Certificate or Book-Entry. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Preferred Share Certificate or a new Book-Entry pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, such new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry (i) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such Preferred Share Certificate or in such Book-Entry, as applicable, the number of Preferred Shares remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry being issued pursuant to Section 20(a) or Section 20(c), the number of Preferred Shares designated by such Holder) which, when added to the number of Preferred Shares represented by the other new Preferred Share Certificates or other new Book-Entry, as applicable, issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Preferred Shares remaining outstanding under the original Preferred Share Certificate or original Book-Entry, as applicable, immediately prior to such issuance of new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry, as applicable, and (ii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Preferred Share Certificate or in such new Book-Entry, as applicable, which is the same as the issuance date of the original Preferred Share Certificate or in such original Book-Entry, as applicable.

21. Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief.The remedies provided in this Certificate of Designations shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Certificate of Designations and any of the other Transaction Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit any Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designations. No failure on the part of a Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by such Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of a Holder at law or equity or under this Certificate of Designations or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of such Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company covenants to each Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by a Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). No failure on the part of a Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by such Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of any Holder at law or equity or under Preferred Shares or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of such Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holders and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, each Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to a Holder that is requested by such Holder to enable such Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Certificate of Designations.

30

22. Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) any Preferred Shares are placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or a Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Shares or to enforce the provisions of this Certificate of Designations or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Certificate of Designations, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by such Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no amounts due under this Certificate of Designations with respect to any Preferred Shares shall be affected, or limited, by the fact that the purchase price paid for each Preferred Share was less than the original Stated Value thereof.

23. Construction; Headings. This Certificate of Designations shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holders and shall not be construed against any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Certificate of Designations are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Certificate of Designations. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Certificate of Designations instead of just the provision in which they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Certificate of Designations. Terms used in this Certificate of Designations and not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Initial Issuance Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Required Holder.

24. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of a Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. This Certificate of Designations shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all Holders and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 24 shall permit any waiver of any provision of Section 4(d).

25. Dispute Resolution.

(a) Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In the case of a dispute relating to a Closing Bid Price, a Closing Sale Price, a Conversion Price, a VWAP or a fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of a Conversion Rate, or the applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or the applicable Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by such Holder at any time after such Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If such Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating to such Closing Bid Price, such Closing Sale Price, such Conversion Price, such VWAP or such fair market value, or the arithmetic calculation of such Conversion Rate or such applicable Redemption Price (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or such Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or such Holder (as the case may be), then such Holder may, at its sole option, select an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii) Such Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 25 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which such Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either such Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and such Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor such Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

(iii) The Company and such Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and such Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

31

(b) Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 25 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company and each Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under 7501, et seq. of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules (CPLR) and that any Holder is authorized to apply for an order to compel arbitration pursuant to CPLR 7503(a) in order to compel compliance with this Section 25, (ii) a dispute relating to a Conversion Price includes, without limitation, disputes as to (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred under Section 8(a), (B) the consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Excluded Securities, (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes and Option or Convertible Security and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred, (iii) the terms of this Certificate of Designations and each other applicable Transaction Document shall serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Certificate of Designations and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (iv) the applicable Holder (and only such Holder with respect to disputes solely relating to such Holder), in its sole discretion, shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 25 to any state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 25 and (v) nothing in this Section 25 shall limit such Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 25).

26. Notices; Currency; Payments.

(a) Notices. The Company shall provide each Holder of Preferred Shares with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Certificate of Designations, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice must be in writing and shall be given in accordance with Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide each Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Certificate of Designations, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall give written notice to each Holder (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grant, issuances, or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property to holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to such Holder.

(b) Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this Certificate of Designations are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under this Certificate of Designations shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Certificate of Designations, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

32

(c) Payments. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Certificate of Designations, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to wire transfer instructions that Holder shall provide to the Company in writing from time to time. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Certificate of Designations is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day. Any amount due under the Transaction Documents which is not paid when due (except to the extent such amount is simultaneously accruing Dividends at the Default Rate hereunder) shall result in a late charge being incurred and payable by the Company in an amount equal to interest on such amount at the rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum from the date such amount was due until the same is paid in full (Late Charge).

27. Waiver of Notice. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Certificate of Designations and the Securities Purchase Agreement.

28. Governing Law. This Certificate of Designations shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Except as otherwise required by Section 25 above, the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein (i) shall be deemed or operate to preclude any Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to such Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of such Holder or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 25 above. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

33

29. Judgment Currency.

(a) If for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 29 referred to as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Certificate of Designations, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately preceding:

(i) the date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of Delaware or in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(ii) the date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 29(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date).

(b) If in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 29(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of U.S. dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(c) Any amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Certificate of Designations.

30. Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Designations so long as this Certificate of Designations as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

31. Maximum Payments. Without limiting Section 9(d) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the applicable Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

34

32. Stockholder Matters; Amendment.

(a) Stockholder Matters. Any stockholder action, approval or consent required, desired or otherwise sought by the Company pursuant to the NRS, the Articles of Incorporation, this Certificate of Designations or otherwise with respect to the issuance of Preferred Shares may be effected by written consent of the Companys stockholders or at a duly called meeting of the Companys stockholders, all in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the NRS. This provision is intended to comply with the applicable sections of the NRS permitting stockholder action, approval and consent affected by written consent in lieu of a meeting.

(b) Amendment. Except for Section 4(d)(i), which may not be amended or waived hereunder, this Certificate of Designations or any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or written consent without a meeting in accordance with the NRS, of the Required Holder, and with such other stockholder approval, if any, as may then be required pursuant to the NRS and the Articles of Incorporation.

33. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) Additional Amount means, as of the applicable date of determination, with respect to each Preferred Share, all accrued and unpaid Dividends on such Preferred Share.

(c) Adjustment Right means any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect to, any issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance with Section 8(a)) of shares of Common Stock (other than rights of the type described in Section 7(a) hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in connection with, or with respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other similar rights).

(d) "Affiliate or Affiliated means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(e) Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or agreement which has been approved by the Board prior to or subsequent to the Subscription Date pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and standard options to purchase Common Stock may be issued to any employee, officer, consultant or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

35

(f) Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Initial Issuance Date, directly or indirectly managed or advised by a Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates of such Holder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with such Holder or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with such Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively such Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(g) Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(h) Book-Entry means each entry on the Register evidencing one or more Preferred Shares held by a Holder in lieu of a Preferred Share Certificate issuable hereunder.

(i) Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York or the State of Israel are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York or the State of Israel generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(j) Change of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct or indirect, wholly-owned Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) bone fide arms length sales or acquisitions by the Company with one or more third parties as long as holders of the Companys voting power as of the Issuance Date continue after such sale or acquisition to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of at least 51% of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such sale or acquisition.

(k) Change of Control Redemption Premium means 150%.

36

(l) Closing Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price (as the case may be) then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price (as the case may be) of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Required Holder. If the Company and the Required Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 25. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions during such period.

(m) Reserved.

(n) Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

(o) Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

(p) Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(q) Dividend Date means the first Trading Day of each calendar month.

(r) Dividend Rate means two and one-half percent (2.5%) per annum, as may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with Section 2.

37

(s) Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the OTCQX, the OTCQB or the Principal Market.

(t) Event Market Price means, with respect to any Stock Combination Event Date, at the Holders option, (i) the quotient determined by dividing (x) the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the five (5) lowest Trading Days during the twenty (20) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day after such Stock Combination Event Date (the Measurement Period), divided by (y) five (5), or (ii) the price equal to the VWAP on any Trading Day during the Measurement Period.

(u) Excluded Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock or standard options to purchase Common Stock issued or issuable to directors, officers, employees or other service providers of the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan, provided that (A) all such issuances (taking into account the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such awards) after the Subscription Date pursuant to this clause (i) do not, in the aggregate, exceed more than 10% of the Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Subscription Date and (B) the exercise price of any such options is not lowered and none of such options are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder or extend the term of such options; (ii) shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities (other than shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) issued prior to the Subscription Date, provided that the conversion, exercise or other method of issuance (as the case may be) of any such Convertible Security is made solely pursuant to the conversion, exercise or other method of issuance (as the case may be) provisions of such Convertible Security that were in effect on the date immediately prior to the Subscription Date, the conversion, exercise or issuance price of any such Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none of such Convertible Securities are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible Securities (other than those issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the Holders; (iii) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations; (iv) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and (v) securities issued as consideration for the acquisition of another entity by the Company by merger, purchase of substantially all of the assets or other reorganization or bona fide joint venture agreement, provided that such issuance is approved by the majority of the disinterested directors of the Company and provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the Restricted Period (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) and such issuance does not, in the aggregate, exceed more than 5% of the shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Subscription Date.

38

(v) Floor Price means the lower of (x) $[]2 (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar events) and (y) 20% of the Minimum Price (as defined in Rule 5635 of the Rule of the Nasdaq Stock Market) on the Stockholder Approval Date (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar events) or, in any case, such lower amount as permitted, from time to time, by the Principal Market.

(w) Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, in any transaction or series or related transactions, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger (other than the Merger), consolidation, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Certificate of Designations calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

2 Insert 20% of the Minimum Price on the date of signing the Securities Purchase Agreement.

39

(x) GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

(y) Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(z) Holder Pro Rata Amount means, with respect to any Holder, a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the number of Preferred Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on the Initial Issuance Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the number of Preferred Shares issued to all Holders pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on the Initial Issuance Date.

(aa) Indebtedness means of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services, including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied for the periods covered thereby (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever in or upon any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) with respect to any asset or property owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above.

40

(bb) Intellectual Property Rights means, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, all of their rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, original works of authorship, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights and all applications and registrations therefor.

(cc) Investment means any beneficial ownership (including stock, partnership or limited liability company interests) of or in any Person, or any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person or the acquisition of all, or substantially all, of the assets of another Person or the purchase of any assets of another Person for greater than the fair market value of such assets.

(dd) Liquidation Event means, whether in a single transaction or series of transactions, the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or such Subsidiaries the assets of which constitute all or substantially all of the assets of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(ee) Make-Whole Amount means, as of any given date and as applicable, in connection with any conversion, redemption or other repayment hereunder, an amount equal to the amount of additional Dividends that would accrue under this Certificate of Designations at the Dividend Rate then in effect assuming for calculation purposes that the Stated Value of this Certificate of Designations as of the Initial Issuance Date remained outstanding through and including the date of conversion or redemption of all the Preferred Shares.

(ff) Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, individually or taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or on the other Transaction Documents (as defined below), or by the agreements and instruments to be entered into in connection therewith or on the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Maturity Date means [], 20273; provided, however, the Maturity Date may be extended at the option of a Holder (i) in the event that, and for so long as, a Triggering Event shall have occurred and be continuing or any event shall have occurred and be continuing that with the passage of time and the failure to cure would result in a Triggering Event or (ii) through the date that is twenty (20) Business Days after the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction in the event that a Fundamental Transaction is publicly announced or a Change of Control Notice is delivered prior to the Maturity Date, provided further that if a Holder elects to convert some or all of its Preferred Shares pursuant to Section 4 hereof, and the Conversion Amount would be limited pursuant to Section 4(d) hereunder, the Maturity Date shall automatically be extended until such time as such provision shall not limit the conversion of such Preferred Shares.

3 To be the two (2) year anniversary of the First Closing Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement).

41

(hh) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(ii) Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(jj) Permitted Indebtedness means (i) Indebtedness existing on September 30, 2024 and reflected on the Companys balance sheet included in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2024, (ii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens or unsecured but as described in clauses (iv) and (v) of the definition of Permitted Liens, (iii) Indebtedness that is (a) not material to the Company and (b) incurred in the ordinary course of business, (iv) Indebtedness incurred in connection with the financing of any new equipment at facilities of the Company existing on the date the Merger is consummated and (v) Indebtedness incurred from a bank or other similar financial institution in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000.

(kk) Permitted Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment or Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the proceeds of such equipment, in either case, with respect to Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000, (v) Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clause (iv) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vi) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, and (vii) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting a Triggering Event under Section 5(a)(vii).

(ll) Reserved.

(mm) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(nn) Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

42

(oo) Redemption Notices means, collectively, the Triggering Event Redemption Notices, the Maturity Redemption Notices and the Change of Control Redemption Notices, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Notice.

(pp) Redemption Premium means 130%.

(qq) Redemption Prices means, collectively, any Triggering Event Redemption Price, Change of Control Redemption Price and Maturity Redemption Price (including in each case any interest, damages and Make-Whole Amount thereon), and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Price.

(rr) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(ss) Securities Purchase Agreement means that certain securities purchase agreement by and among REalloys Inc. and the initial holders of Preferred Shares, dated as of the Subscription Date, as may be amended from time in accordance with the terms thereof.

(tt) Stated Value shall mean $1,000 per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations, reclassifications, combinations, subdivisions or other similar events occurring after the Initial Issuance Date with respect to the Preferred Shares.

(uu) Subscription Date means [], 2025.

(vv) Subject Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(ww) Subsidiaries shall have the meaning as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(xx) Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Required Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Required Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

(yy) Trading Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the applicable Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations other than price determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

43

(zz) Transaction Documents means the Securities Purchase Agreement, this Certificate of Designations, the Warrants and each of the other agreements and instruments entered into or delivered by the Company or any of the Holders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, all as may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

(aaa) VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Required Holder. If the Company and the Required Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 25. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

(bbb) Warrants has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Securities Purchase Agreement, and shall include all warrants issued in exchange therefor or replacement thereof.

(ccc) Warrant Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

34. Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Certificate of Designations, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York City time on the Business Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or immediately upon receipt of notice from such Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice (or notification from the Company immediately upon receipt of notice from such Holder), such Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this Section 34 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of any Holder, under Section 4(l) of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

44

35. Non-circumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Certificate of Designations, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate of Designations and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holders hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Certificate of Designations or the other Transaction Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the conversion of any Preferred Shares above the Conversion Price then in effect, (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of Preferred Shares and (c) shall, so long as any Preferred Shares are outstanding, take all action necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Preferred Shares, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of the Preferred Shares then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if after the ninety (90) calendar day anniversary of the Initial Issuance Date, each Holder is not permitted to convert such Holders Preferred Shares in full for any reason (other than pursuant to restrictions set forth in Section 4(d)(i) hereof), the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents or approvals as necessary to effect such conversion into shares of Common Stock.

36. Absence of Trading and Disclosure Restrictions. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Holder is a fiduciary or agent of the Company and that each Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an officer of such Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed, written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that each Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information to any third party.

* * * * *

45

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Designations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Blackboxstocks Inc. to be signed by its President and Chief Executive Officer on this []th day of [], 2025.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 

By: 

Name: Gust Kepler 

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Certificate of Designations

EXHIBIT I

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Blackboxstocks Inc. (the Certificate of Designations). In accordance with and pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Preferred Shares), of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), of the Company, as of the date specified below.

Date of Conversion: 

Aggregate number of Preferred Shares to be converted: 

Aggregate Stated Value of such Preferred Shares to be converted: 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid Dividends and accrued and unpaid Late Charges with respect to such Preferred Shares and such Aggregate Dividends to be converted: 

AGGREGATE CONVERSION AMOUNT TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please confirm the following information: 

Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Stock into which the applicable Preferred Shares are being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Exhibit I

Account Number: 

Date: _____________ __, ____

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: 

E-mail Address: 

Exhibit I

EXHIBIT II

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Company hereby (a) acknowledges this Conversion Notice, (b) certifies that the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock are eligible to be resold by the Holder without restriction or any legend and (c) hereby directs _________________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated , 2025 from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by .

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit II
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_786898.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_786898.htm

Exhibit 10.1

PARENT STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This Support Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 10, 2025, by and among REalloys Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Parent), and the undersigned holder (the Stockholder) of Shares (as defined below) of Parent. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, Parent, the Company, RABLBX Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger Sub) have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated of even date herewith (as such agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Stockholder is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) and has sole or shared voting power with respect to such number of Shares, and holds Parent Options or Parent Warrants to acquire the number of Shares, as indicated in Appendix A.

WHEREAS, as an inducement and a condition to the willingness of the Company and Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of, and as a condition to, Company and Parent entering into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder, Parent and the Company agree as follows:

1. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(a) Constructive Sale means, with respect to any security, a short sale with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a derivative contract with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a futures or forward contract to deliver such security or entering into any other hedging or other derivative transaction that has the effect of either directly or indirectly materially changing the economic benefits or risks of ownership of such security.

(b) Shares means (i) all shares of Parent Capital Stock owned, beneficially or of record, by the Stockholder as of the date hereof, (ii) all additional shares of Parent Capital Stock acquired by the Stockholder, beneficially or of record, during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date (as defined below) and (iii) any shares of capital stock or other equity securities of Parent that such Stockholder acquires or with respect to which such Stockholder otherwise acquires sole or shared voting power (including any proxy) after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, whether by exercise of any Parent Options or Parent Warrants or otherwise, including, without limitation, by gift, succession, in the event of a stock split or as a dividend or distribution of any Shares.

Page 1

(c) Transfer or Transferred means, with respect to any security, the direct or indirect assignment, sale, transfer, tender, exchange, pledge or hypothecation, or the grant, creation or suffrage of a lien, security interest or encumbrance in or upon, or the gift, grant or placement in trust, or the Constructive Sale or other disposition of such security (including transfers by testamentary or intestate succession, by domestic relations order or other court order, or otherwise by operation of law) or any right, title or interest therein (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled, whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise), or the record or beneficial ownership thereof, the offer to make such a sale, transfer, Constructive Sale or other disposition, and each agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.

2. Transfer and Voting Restrictions. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2(c), during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, the Stockholder shall not Transfer any of the Stockholders Shares, or publicly announce its intention to Transfer any of its Shares.

(b) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not commit any act that would restrict the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares held by the Stockholder or otherwise prevent or disable the Stockholder from performing any of his, her or its obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for this Agreement, and as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, the Stockholder shall not enter into any voting agreement with any person or entity with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, grant any person or entity any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Shares, deposit any Shares in a voting trust or otherwise enter into any agreement or arrangement with any person or entity limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares in favor of the Parent Stockholder Matters and against any competing proposals.

(c) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not enter into any Contract, option, commitment or other arrangement or understanding with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any right, title or interest (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise) to any Shares or take any action that would reasonably be expected to make any representation or warranty of such Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of restricting the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares or would otherwise prevent or disable such Stockholder from performing any of such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

Page 2

(d) Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, the Stockholder may, at any time, Transfer Shares (i) by will or other testamentary document or by intestacy, (ii) to any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by the Stockholder or the investment adviser or general partner of the Stockholder, or an entity under common control or management with the Stockholders (in each case, directly or indirectly), (iii) to any member of the Stockholders immediate family (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, to an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder), (iv) to any trust or other entity for the direct or indirect benefit of the Stockholder or the immediate family of the Stockholder (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, for the direct or indirect benefit of an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder) or otherwise for estate tax or estate planning purposes, (v) in the case of a Stockholder who is not a natural person, by pro rata distributions from the Stockholder to its members, partners, or shareholders pursuant to the Stockholders organizational documents, (vi) with respect to such Stockholders Parent Options or Parent Warrants (and any Shares underlying such Parent Options or Parent Warrants) which expire on or prior to the Expiration Date, to Parent (or effecting a net exercise of a Parent Option or Parent Warrant) as payment for the (a) exercise price of such Stockholders Parent Options or Parent Warrants and (b) taxes applicable to the exercise of such Stockholders Parent Options or Parent Warrants, (vii) to another holder of capital stock of Parent that has signed a support agreement that is reasonably acceptable to the Company, (viii) as the Company may otherwise agree in writing in its sole discretion; provided, that in the cases of clauses (i)-(viii), (1) such Transferred Shares shall continue to be bound by this Agreement and (2) the applicable direct transferee (if any) of such Transferred Shares shall have executed and delivered to Parent and the Company a support agreement substantially identical to this Agreement upon consummation of the Transfer, or (ix) to the extent required by applicable Law.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall obligate the Stockholder to exercise any option or any other right to acquire any shares of Parent Common Stock.

3. Agreement to Vote Shares. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Until the Expiration Date, at any meeting of the stockholders of Parent, however called, and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of Parent, the Stockholder shall (i) appear at such meeting as present (in person or by proxy) for purposes of calculating a quorum and (ii) vote, or exercise its right to consent with respect to, all Shares held by the Stockholder (A) in favor of the Parent Stockholder Matters, and (B) against any agreement, transaction or other matter that is intended to, or would reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially and adversely affect the Parent Stockholder Matters (the Contemplated Transactions). Stockholder shall not take or commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing. 

(b) If the Stockholder is the beneficial owner, but not the record holder, of Shares, the Stockholder agrees to take all actions necessary to cause the record holder and any nominees to be present (in person or by proxy) and vote all the Stockholders Shares in accordance with this Section 3.

Page 3

(c) In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the capital stock of Parent by reason of any split-up, reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification, reincorporation, exchange of shares or the like, the term Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.

4. Action in Stockholder Capacity Only. The Stockholder is entering into this Agreement solely in the Stockholders capacity as a record holder and/or beneficial owner, as applicable, of its Shares and not in the Stockholders capacity as a director or officer of Parent. Nothing herein shall limit or affect the Stockholders ability to act as an officer or director of Parent.

5. Irrevocable Proxy. The Stockholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that the Stockholder has heretofore granted with respect to its Shares. In the event and to the extent that the Stockholder fails to vote the Shares in accordance with Section 3 at any applicable meeting of the stockholders of Parent or pursuant to any applicable written consent of the stockholders of Parent, the Stockholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably granted to, and appointed, Parent, and any individual designated in writing by it, and each of them individually, as his, her or its proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in its name, place and stead, to vote his, her or its Shares in any action by written consent of Parent stockholders or at any meeting of Parents stockholders called with respect to any of the matters specified in, and in accordance and consistent with, Section 3 of this Agreement. Parent agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement and the Stockholder affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 5 is given in connection with, and granted in consideration of, and as an inducement to the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Stockholder under Section 3. Except as otherwise provided for herein, the Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked and that such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable. The irrevocable proxy and power of attorney granted herein shall survive the death or incapacity of such Stockholder and the obligations of such Stockholder shall be binding on such Stockholders heirs, personal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the irrevocable proxy granted hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the termination of this Agreement.

6. Documentation and Information. The Stockholder shall permit and hereby authorizes Parent and the Company to publish and disclose in all documents and schedules filed with the SEC, and any press release or other disclosure document that Parent or the Company reasonably determines to be necessary in connection with the Merger and any of the Contemplated Transactions, a copy of this Agreement, the Stockholders identity and ownership of the Shares and the nature of the Stockholders commitments and obligations under this Agreement. Each of Parent and the Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 6.

Page 4

7. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent and the Company as follows:

(a) (i) The Stockholder is the beneficial or record owner of the shares of Parent Capital Stock, Parent Options, and or Parent Warrants indicated in Appendix A (each of which shall be deemed to be held by the Stockholder for purposes of Section 3 unless otherwise expressly stated with respect to any shares in Appendix A), free and clear of any and all Encumbrances (except for any Encumbrance that may be imposed pursuant to this Agreement, and Encumbrances arising under applicable securities or community property laws); and (ii) the Stockholder does not beneficially own any securities of Parent other than the shares of Parent Common Stock and rights to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock set forth in Appendix A.

(b) With respect to any Stockholder that is an entity, the Stockholder is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and is qualified to conduct its business in those jurisdictions necessary to perform this Agreement.

(c) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Stockholder has full power, legal capacity and authority to (i) make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and (ii) vote all of its Shares in the manner set forth in this Agreement without the consent or approval of, or any other action on the part of, any other person or entity (including any Governmental Body). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Stockholder has not entered into any voting agreement (other than this Agreement) with any person with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, granted any person any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, deposited any of the Stockholders Shares in a voting trust or entered into any arrangement or agreement with any person limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares on any matter contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto) constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Stockholder enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other similar laws and general principles of equity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder and the performance by the Stockholder of the agreements and obligations hereunder will not result in any breach or violation of or be in conflict with or constitute a default under any term of any Contract or if applicable any provision of an organizational document (including a certificate of incorporation) to or by which the Stockholder is a party or bound, or any applicable law to which the Stockholder (or any of the Stockholders assets) is subject or bound, except for any such breach, violation, conflict or default which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to materially impair or adversely affect the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(e) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder do not and will not require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, action by, filing with or notification to, any Governmental Body, except for any such consent, approval, authorization, permit, action, filing or notification the failure of which to make or obtain, individually or in the aggregate, has not and would not materially impair the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Page 5

(f) The Stockholder has had the opportunity to review the Merger Agreement and this Agreement with counsel of the Stockholders own choosing. The Stockholder has had an opportunity to review with its own tax advisors the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that it must rely solely on its advisors and not on any statements or representations made by Parent, the Company or any of their respective agents or representatives with respect to the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that such Stockholder (and not Parent, the Company, or the Surviving Corporation) shall be responsible for such Stockholders tax liability that may arise as a result of the Merger or the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands and acknowledges that the Company, Parent and Merger Sub are entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon the Stockholders execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(g) With respect to the Stockholder, as of the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Stockholder, threatened against, the Stockholder or any of the Stockholders properties or assets (including the Shares) that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the Stockholder to perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

8. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall cease to be of any further force or effect as of the earliest of (a) such date and time as the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to the terms thereof, (b) the Effective Time or (c) the time this Agreement is terminated upon mutual written agreement of the parties to terminate this Agreement (clauses (a)-(c), the Expiration Date); provided, however, that (i) Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and (ii) the termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any party hereto from any liability for any material and willful breach of this Agreement prior to the Effective Time.

9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Amendments. No amendment of this Agreement shall be effective against any party unless it shall be in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto.

(b) Entire Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by all parties by facsimile or electronic transmission in PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Page 6

(c) Applicable Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. In any action or proceeding between any of the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each of the parties: (i) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state court of the State of Nevada or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal courts sitting in Nevada, (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (i) of this Section 9(c), (iii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such courts, (iv) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party, (v) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 9(h) of this Agreement and (vi) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury.

(d) Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any of a partys rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or delegated (except by Merger) by such party without the prior written consent of the other party, and any attempted assignment or delegation of this Agreement or any of such rights or obligations by such party without the other partys prior written consent shall be void and of no effect.

(e) No Third Party Rights. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to limit such term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases or to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, the Parties agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term or provision.

(g) Specific Performance.Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms (including failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder to consummate this Agreement) or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof the state court of the State of New York or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States Southern District Court for the District of New York, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity, and each of the parties waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each of the parties further agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

Page 7

(h) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly delivered (i) one (1) Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international overnight courier service, (ii) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand or (iii) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if sent by email or facsimile (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery) prior to 6:00 p.m. (New York City time), otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day, (A) if to the Company or Parent, to the address, electronic mail address or facsimile provided in Section 11.7 of the Merger Agreement, including to the persons designated therein to receive copies; and/or (B) if to the Stockholder, to the Stockholders address, electronic mail address or facsimile shown below Stockholders signature to this Agreement.

(i) Confidentiality. Except to the extent required by applicable Law or regulation, the Stockholder shall hold any non-public information regarding the Company, this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the Merger in strict confidence and shall not divulge any such information to any third person until the Company and Parent have publicly disclosed their entry into the Merger Agreement and this Agreement; provided, however, that the Stockholder may disclose such information to its Affiliates, attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors (provided that such Persons are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein). Neither the Stockholder nor any of its Affiliates (other than Parent, whose actions shall be governed by the Merger Agreement), shall issue or cause the publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect to Parent, this Agreement, the Merger, the Merger Agreement or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby without the prior written consent of the Company and Parent, except as may be required by applicable Law in which circumstance such announcing party shall make reasonable efforts to consult with the Company and Parent to the extent practicable.

Page 8

(j) Interpretation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. References to Sections and Appendixes are to Sections and Appendixes of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any capitalized terms used in any Appendix but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall include masculine and feminine gender. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. The word or is not exclusive. Writing, written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or Contract are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References to any statute are to that statute and to the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended, modified, re-enacted thereof, substituted, from time to time. References to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States. All accounting terms used herein will be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder will be made, in accordance with GAAP unless otherwise expressly specified. References from or through any date shall mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. All references to days shall be to calendar days unless otherwise indicated as a Business Day. Except as otherwise specifically indicated, for purposes of measuring the beginning and ending of time periods in this Agreement (including for purposes of Business Day and for hours in a day or Business Day), the time at which a thing, occurrence or event shall begin or end shall be deemed to occur in the Eastern time zone of the United States. The Parties agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

Page 9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

REALLOYS, INC.

/s/ Leonard Sternheim 

By: 

Leonard Sternheim 

Title: 

President 

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

PARENT:

BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC. 

/s/ Gust Kepler 

By: 

Gust Kepler 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

GUST KEPLER,

in his/her capacity as the Stockholder:

Signature: /s/ Gust Kepler

[Signature Page to Parent Stockholder Support Agreement]

Appendix A

Name of 

Stockholder 

Address of

Stockholder 

Email Address 

of Stockholder 

Shares of Parent

Common Stock 

Shares of Parent

Preferred Stock 

Shares 

Underlying 

Parent Options 

Shares 

Underlying 

Parent 

Warrants

Gust Kepler 

5430 LBJ Freeway,

Suite 1485,

Dallas, TX 75240 

gust@blackboxstocks.com 

597,918 

3,269,998 

0 

0
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_786899.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_786899.htm

Exhibit 10.2

FORM OF COMPANY STOCKHOLDER SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This Support Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 10, 2025, by and among REalloys Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Blackboxstocks, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Parent), and the undersigned holder (the Stockholder) of Shares (as defined below) of Company. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, Parent, the Company, RABLBX Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger Sub) have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated of even date herewith (as such agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Stockholder is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) and has sole or shared voting power with respect to such number of Shares, and holds Company Options or Company Warrants to acquire the number of Shares, as indicated in Appendix A.

WHEREAS, as an inducement and a condition to the willingness of the Company and Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder has agreed to enter into and perform this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of, and as a condition to, Company and Parent entering into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder, Parent and the Company agree as follows:

1. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(a) Constructive Sale means, with respect to any security, a short sale with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a derivative contract with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a futures or forward contract to deliver such security or entering into any other hedging or other derivative transaction that has the effect of either directly or indirectly materially changing the economic benefits or risks of ownership of such security.

(b) Shares means (i) all shares of Company Capital Stock owned, beneficially or of record, by the Stockholder as of the date hereof, (ii) all additional shares of Company Capital Stock acquired by the Stockholder, beneficially or of record, during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date (as defined below) and (iii) any shares of capital stock or other equity securities of Company that such Stockholder acquires or with respect to which such Stockholder otherwise acquires sole or shared voting power (including any proxy) after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, whether by exercise of any Company Options or Company Warrants or otherwise, including, without limitation, by gift, succession, in the event of a stock split or as a dividend or distribution of any Shares.

Page 1

(c) Transfer or Transferred means, with respect to any security, the direct or indirect assignment, sale, transfer, tender, exchange, pledge or hypothecation, or the grant, creation or suffrage of a lien, security interest or encumbrance in or upon, or the gift, grant or placement in trust, or the Constructive Sale or other disposition of such security (including transfers by testamentary or intestate succession, by domestic relations order or other court order, or otherwise by operation of law) or any right, title or interest therein (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled, whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise), or the record or beneficial ownership thereof, the offer to make such a sale, transfer, Constructive Sale or other disposition, and each agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.

2. Transfer and Voting Restrictions. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 2(c), during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and expiring on the Expiration Date, the Stockholder shall not Transfer any of the Stockholders Shares, or publicly announce its intention to Transfer any of its Shares.

(b) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not commit any act that would restrict the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares held by the Stockholder or otherwise prevent or disable the Stockholder from performing any of his, her or its obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for this Agreement, and as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, the Stockholder shall not enter into any voting agreement with any person or entity with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, grant any person or entity any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Shares, deposit any Shares in a voting trust or otherwise enter into any agreement or arrangement with any person or entity limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares in favor of the (i) adopting and approving this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, (ii) acknowledging that the approval given thereby is irrevocable and that such stockholder is aware of its rights to demand appraisal for its shares pursuant to Section 92A.380 of the NRS, and that such stockholder has received and read a copy of Section 92A.380 of the NRS and (iii) acknowledging that by its approval of the Merger it is not entitled to appraisal rights with respect to its shares in connection with the Merger and thereby waives any rights to receive payment of the fair value of its capital stock under the NRS (the Company Stockholder Matters) and against any competing proposals.

(c) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement or otherwise permitted or required by order of a court of competent jurisdiction or a Governmental Body, the Stockholder will not enter into any Contract, option, commitment or other arrangement or understanding with respect to the direct or indirect Transfer of any right, title or interest (including any right or power to vote to which the holder thereof may be entitled whether such right or power is granted by proxy or otherwise) to any Shares or take any action that would reasonably be expected to make any representation or warranty of such Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of restricting the Stockholders legal power, authority and right to vote all of the Shares or would otherwise prevent or disable such Stockholder from performing any of such Stockholders obligations under this Agreement.

Page 2

(d) Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, the Stockholder may, at any time, Transfer Shares (i) by will or other testamentary document or by intestacy, (ii) to any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by the Stockholder or the investment adviser or general partner of the Stockholder, or an entity under common control or management with the Stockholders (in each case, directly or indirectly), (iii) to any member of the Stockholders immediate family (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, to an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder), (iv) to any trust or other entity for the direct or indirect benefit of the Stockholder or the immediate family of the Stockholder (or, if the Stockholder is a corporation, partnership or other entity, for the direct or indirect benefit of an immediate family member of a beneficial owner of the Shares held by the Stockholder) or otherwise for estate tax or estate planning purposes, (v) in the case of a Stockholder who is not a natural person, by pro rata distributions from the Stockholder to its members, partners, or shareholders pursuant to the Stockholders organizational documents, (vi) with respect to such Stockholders Company Options or Company Warrants (and any Shares underlying such Company Options or Company Warrants) which expire on or prior to the Expiration Date, Transfers of Shares to Company (or effecting a net exercise of a Company Options or Company Warrants) as payment for the (a) exercise price of such Stockholders Company Options or Company Warrants and (b) taxes applicable to the exercise of such Stockholders Company Options or Company Warrants, (vii) transfers to another holder of capital stock of Company that has signed a support agreement that is reasonably acceptable to the Parent, (viii) transfers, sales or other dispositions as the Parent may otherwise agree in writing in its sole discretion; provided, that in the cases of clauses (i)-(viii), (1) such Transferred Shares shall continue to be bound by this Agreement and (2) the applicable direct transferee (if any) of such Transferred Shares shall have executed and delivered to Parent and the Company a support agreement substantially identical to this Agreement upon consummation of the Transfer, (ix) purchased from Company on or about the Closing Date but prior to the Closing or (x) to the extent required by applicable Law.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall obligate the Stockholder to exercise any option or any other right to acquire any shares of Company Common Stock.

3. Agreement to Vote Shares. The Stockholder covenants to the Company and Parent as follows:

(a) Until the Expiration Date, at any meeting of the stockholders of Company, however called, and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of Company, the Stockholder shall (i) appear at such meeting as present (in person or by proxy) for purposes of calculating a quorum if applicable and (ii) vote, or exercise its right to consent with respect to, all Shares held by the Stockholder (A) in favor of the Company Stockholder Matters, and (B) against any agreement, transaction or other matter that is intended to, or would reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially and adversely affect the Company Stockholder Matters (the Contemplated Transactions). Stockholder shall not take or commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing. 

Page 3

(b) If the Stockholder is the beneficial owner, but not the record holder, of Shares, the Stockholder agrees to take all actions necessary to cause the record holder and any nominees to be present (in person or by proxy) and vote all the Stockholders Shares in accordance with this Section 3.

(c) In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or distribution, or any change in the capital stock of Company by reason of any split-up, reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification, reincorporation, exchange of shares or the like, the term Shares shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are received in such transaction.

4. Action in Stockholder Capacity Only. The Stockholder is entering into this Agreement solely in the Stockholders capacity as a record holder and/or beneficial owner, as applicable, of its Shares and not in the Stockholders capacity as a director or officer of Company. Nothing herein shall limit or affect the Stockholders ability to act as an officer or director of Company.

5. Irrevocable Proxy. The Stockholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any proxies that the Stockholder has heretofore granted with respect to its Shares. In the event and to the extent that the Stockholder fails to vote the Shares in accordance with Section 3 at any applicable meeting of the stockholders of Company or pursuant to any applicable written consent of the stockholders of Company, the Stockholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably granted to, and appointed, Company, and any individual designated in writing by it, and each of them individually, as his, her or its proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in its name, place and stead, to vote his, her or its Shares in any action by written consent of Company stockholders or at any meeting of Companys stockholders called with respect to any of the matters specified in, and in accordance and consistent with, Section 3 of this Agreement. Company agrees not to exercise the proxy granted herein for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement and the Stockholder affirms that the proxy set forth in this Section 5 is given in connection with, and granted in consideration of, and as an inducement to the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and that such proxy is given to secure the obligations of the Stockholder under Section 3. Except as otherwise provided for herein, the Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked and that such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable. The irrevocable proxy and power of attorney granted herein shall survive the death or incapacity of such Stockholder and the obligations of such Stockholder shall be binding on such Stockholders heirs, personal representatives, successors, transferees and assigns. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the irrevocable proxy granted hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the termination of this Agreement.

6. Documentation and Information. The Stockholder shall permit and hereby authorizes Parent and the Company to publish and disclose in all documents and schedules filed with the SEC, and any press release or other disclosure document that Parent or the Company reasonably determines to be necessary in connection with the Merger and any of the Contemplated Transactions, a copy of this Agreement, the Stockholders identity and ownership of the Shares and the nature of the Stockholders commitments and obligations under this Agreement. Each of Parent and the Company is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Section 6.

Page 4

7. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholder. The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent and the Company as follows:

(a) (i) The Stockholder is the beneficial or record owner of the shares of Company Capital Stock, Company Options, and or Company Warrants indicated in Appendix A (each of which shall be deemed to be held by the Stockholder for purposes of Section 3 unless otherwise expressly stated with respect to any shares in Appendix A), free and clear of any and all Encumbrances (except for any Encumbrance that may be imposed pursuant to this Agreement, and Encumbrances arising under applicable securities or community property laws); and (ii) the Stockholder does not beneficially own any securities of Company other than the shares of Company Common Stock and rights to purchase shares of Company Common Stock set forth in Appendix A.

(b) With respect to any Stockholder that is an entity, the Stockholder is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and is qualified to conduct its business in those jurisdictions necessary to perform this Agreement.

(c) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Stockholder has full power, legal capacity and authority to (i) make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and (ii) vote all of its Shares in the manner set forth in this Agreement without the consent or approval of, or any other action on the part of, any other person or entity (including any Governmental Body). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Stockholder has not entered into any voting agreement (other than this Agreement) with any person with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, granted any person any proxy (revocable or irrevocable) or power of attorney with respect to any of the Stockholders Shares, deposited any of the Stockholders Shares in a voting trust or entered into any arrangement or agreement with any person limiting or affecting the Stockholders legal power, authority or right to vote the Stockholders Shares on any matter contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and (assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto) constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Stockholder enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy and other similar laws and general principles of equity. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder and the performance by the Stockholder of the agreements and obligations hereunder will not result in any breach or violation of or be in conflict with or constitute a default under any term of any Contract or if applicable any provision of an organizational document (including a certificate of incorporation) to or by which the Stockholder is a party or bound, or any applicable law to which the Stockholder (or any of the Stockholders assets) is subject or bound, except for any such breach, violation, conflict or default which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to materially impair or adversely affect the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

Page 5

(e) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder do not and will not require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, action by, filing with or notification to, any Governmental Body, except for any such consent, approval, authorization, permit, action, filing or notification the failure of which to make or obtain, individually or in the aggregate, has not and would not materially impair the Stockholders ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(f) The Stockholder has had the opportunity to review the Merger Agreement and this Agreement with counsel of the Stockholders own choosing. The Stockholder has had an opportunity to review with its own tax advisors the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that it must rely solely on its advisors and not on any statements or representations made by Parent, the Company or any of their respective agents or representatives with respect to the tax consequences of the Merger and the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands that such Stockholder (and not Parent, the Company, or the Surviving Corporation) shall be responsible for such Stockholders tax liability that may arise as a result of the Merger or the other Contemplated Transactions. The Stockholder understands and acknowledges that the Company, Parent and Merger Sub are entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon the Stockholders execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(g) With respect to the Stockholder, as of the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Stockholder, threatened against, the Stockholder or any of the Stockholders properties or assets (including the Shares) that would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay or impair the ability of the Stockholder to perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

8. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and shall cease to be of any further force or effect as of the earliest of (a) such date and time as the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to the terms thereof, (b) the Effective Time or (c) the time this Agreement is terminated upon mutual written agreement of the parties to terminate this Agreement (clauses (a)-(c), the Expiration Date); provided, however, that (i) Section 9 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and (ii) the termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any party hereto from any liability for any material and willful breach of this Agreement prior to the Effective Time.

9. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Amendments. No amendment of this Agreement shall be effective against any party unless it shall be in writing and signed by each of the parties hereto.

(b) Entire Agreement; Counterparts; Exchanges by Electronic Transmission or Facsimile. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange of a fully executed Agreement (in counterparts or otherwise) by all parties by facsimile or electronic transmission in PDF format shall be sufficient to bind the parties to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Page 6

(c) Applicable Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. In any action or proceeding between any of the parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement, each of the parties: (i) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state court of the State of Nevada or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal courts sitting in Nevada, (ii) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined exclusively in accordance with clause (i) of this Section 9(c), (iii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or proceeding in such courts, (iv) waives any objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party, (v) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 9(h) of this Agreement and (vi) irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to trial by jury.

(d) Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any of a partys rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or delegated (except by Merger) by such party without the prior written consent of the other party, and any attempted assignment or delegation of this Agreement or any of such rights or obligations by such party without the other partys prior written consent shall be void and of no effect.

(e) No Third Party Rights. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

(f) Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of the offending term or provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction. If a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to limit such term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases or to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable as so modified. In the event such court does not exercise the power granted to it in the prior sentence, the Parties agree to replace such invalid or unenforceable term or provision with a valid and enforceable term or provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such invalid or unenforceable term or provision.

Page 7

(g) Specific Performance.Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms (including failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder to consummate this Agreement) or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof the state court of the State of New York or, to the extent such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the United States Southern District Court for the District of New York, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity, and each of the parties waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each of the parties further agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis that any other party has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity.

(h) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly delivered (i) one (1) Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable international overnight courier service, (ii) upon delivery in the case of delivery by hand or (iii) on the date delivered in the place of delivery if sent by email or facsimile (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery) prior to 6:00 p.m. (New York City time), otherwise on the next succeeding Business Day, (A) if to the Company or Parent, to the address, electronic mail address or facsimile provided in Section 11.7 of the Merger Agreement, including to the persons designated therein to receive copies; and/or (B) if to the Stockholder, to the Stockholders address, electronic mail address or facsimile shown below Stockholders signature to this Agreement.

(i) Confidentiality. Except to the extent required by applicable Law or regulation, the Stockholder shall hold any non-public information regarding the Company, this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the Merger in strict confidence and shall not divulge any such information to any third person until the Company and Parent have publicly disclosed their entry into the Merger Agreement and this Agreement; provided, however, that the Stockholder may disclose such information to its Affiliates, attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors (provided that such Persons are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein). Neither the Stockholder nor any of its Affiliates (other than Parent, whose actions shall be governed by the Merger Agreement), shall issue or cause the publication of any press release or other public announcement with respect to Parent, this Agreement, the Merger, the Merger Agreement or the other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby without the prior written consent of the Company and Parent, except as may be required by applicable Law in which circumstance such announcing party shall make reasonable efforts to consult with the Company and Parent to the extent practicable.

Page 8

(j) Interpretation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. References to Sections and Appendixes are to Sections and Appendixes of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any capitalized terms used in any Appendix but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender shall include masculine and feminine gender. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation, whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. The word or is not exclusive. Writing, written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or Contract are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References to any statute are to that statute and to the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended, modified, re-enacted thereof, substituted, from time to time. References to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States. All accounting terms used herein will be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder will be made, in accordance with GAAP unless otherwise expressly specified. References from or through any date shall mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. All references to days shall be to calendar days unless otherwise indicated as a Business Day. Except as otherwise specifically indicated, for purposes of measuring the beginning and ending of time periods in this Agreement (including for purposes of Business Day and for hours in a day or Business Day), the time at which a thing, occurrence or event shall begin or end shall be deemed to occur in the Eastern time zone of the United States. The Parties agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

Page 9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

COMPANY:

REALLOYS, INC.

_______________________________

By: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Company Stockholder Support Agreement]

PARENT:

BLACKBOXSTOCKS, INC. 

_______________________________

By: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Company Stockholder Support Agreement]

[STOCKHOLDER],

in his/her capacity as the Stockholder:

Signature: _______________________________

[Signature Page to Company Stockholder Support Agreement]

Appendix A

Name of

Stockholder 

Address of

Stockholder 

Email Address

of Stockholder 

Shares of

Company 

Capital Stock 

Shares 

Underlying 

Company 

Options 

Shares 

Underlying

Company

Warrants
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_786900.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_786900.htm

Exhibit 10.3

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: March 10, 2025

$1,050,000

AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED

CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE DUE THE EARLIER OF THE

TRIGGER DATE AND JANUARY 17, 2026

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Senior Secured Convertible Debentures of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas, designated as its Senior Secured Convertible Debenture due the earlier of the Trigger Date and January 17, 2026 (this debenture, the Debenture and, collectively with the other debentures of such series, the Debentures) and is issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Five Narrow Lane LP or its registered assigns (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of up to $2,300,000 (subject to adjustement based upon the amount of Additional Loans advanced hereunder) the earlier to occur of the Trigger Date and January 17, 2026 (such earlier date, Maturity Date) or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section 1.Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Base Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting power of the Company (other than by means of conversion of the Debentures and the Securities issued together with the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

2

Collateral shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof.

Debenture Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Delaware Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(d).

Disqualified Stock shall mean, with respect to any person, any Equity Interests of such person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock.

Effectiveness Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Effectiveness Trigger Date shall mean the date on which the Merger Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission.

Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

3

Equity Conditions means, during the applicable period, (a) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture, (c)(i) there is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Company believes, in good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and shares issuable in lieu of cash payments of interest) may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements as determined by the counsel to the Company as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (g) the shares issuable upon conversion in full of the Prepayment Amount to the Holder would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 4(d), (h) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction (other the Merger Transaction) that has not been consummated, and (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information.

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Filing Trigger Date shall mean the date on which the registration statement on Form S-4 is filed with the Commission in connection with the Merger Transaction (the Merger Registration Statement).

Floor Price means $5.00 per share.

Indebtedness of a Person shall include (a) all obligations for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bankers acceptances, current swap agreements, interest rate hedging agreements, interest rate swaps or other financial products, (c) all capital lease obligations (as determined in accordance with GAAP), (d) all obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed by such Person, (e) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction that is the functional equivalent of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person, (f) Disqualified Stock, and (g) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing obligations of any other Person.

4

Interest Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Investments means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition (including by merger) of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person.

Late Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Mandatory Default Amount means the sum of (a) the greater of (i) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest hereon, divided by the Conversion Price on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (A) demanded (if demand or notice is required to create an Event of Default) or otherwise due or (B) paid in full, whichever has a lower Conversion Price, multiplied by the VWAP on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (x) demanded or otherwise due or (y) paid in full, whichever has a higher VWAP, or (ii) 115% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus 100% of accrued and unpaid interest hereon, and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Debenture.

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Debentures, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures.

Permitted Indebtedness means (a) the Indebtedness evidenced by the Debentures, (b) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue Date and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof, (c) lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness of up to $50,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (d) other unsecured Indebtedness not exceeding $50,000 in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and (e) Indebtedness that (1) is expressly subordinate to the Debentures pursuant to a written subordination agreement with the Purchasers that is acceptable to each Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion and (2) matures at a date later than the 91st day following the Maturity Date.

5

Permitted Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clauses (a) and (b) thereunder, (d) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (c) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased, (e) easements, rights of way, restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar Liens, in each case, not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the Companys business, and (f) Liens existing on the date hereof and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof.

Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, among the Company and the original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trigger Date means the date on which the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) are consummated.

Section 2.Payments.

(a) Payment of Interest. The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of 7.0% per annum, payable on the Maturity Date (the Interest Payment Date) (if the Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day), in cash or, provided that no Event of Default has occured or is continuing and subject to Section 4(d) hereof, at the option of the Holder, in the form of Conversion Shares in accordance with Section 4 hereof, or a combination thereof.

6

(b) Interest Calculations. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date (or, with respect to the principal amount of any Additional Loan under this Debenture, the date such Additional Loan is funded) until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the Debenture Register).

(c) Late Fee. All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees) which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.

(d) Prepayment. The Company may, at the option of the Company, deliver a written notice (a Prepayment Notice and the date that such Prepayment Notice is delivered the Prepayment Notice Date) to the Holder of its irrevocable election to prepay all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture plus (i) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus (ii) the Exit Fee, and plus (iii) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable (collectively, the Prepayment Amount) for cash on the 5th Trading Day (or such period up to the 30th Trading Day as extended with the consent of the Holder) after the Prepayment Notice Date (the Prepayment Date and such 5 to 30 Trading Day period, the Prepayment Period and such prepayment, the Prepayment). The Company may only effect a Prepayment if each of the Equity Conditions shall have been met (unless waived in writing by the Holder) on each Trading Day during the period commencing on the Prepayment Notice Date through to the Prepayment Date and through and including the date payment of the Prepayment Amount is actually made in full. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the Prepayment Period, then the Holder may elect to nullify the Prepayment Notice by notice to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has not been met in which case the Prepayment Notice shall be null and void, ab initio. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may elect to convert all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture pursuant to Section 4 at any time, and from time to time, prior to actual payment in cash of the Prepayment under this Section 2(d) by the delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company. For the further avoidance of doubt, the Company shall honor all conversions occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder during the Prepayment Period.

7

(e) Trigger Date. On the Trigger Date, the Company shall, at the option of the Company, either (i) pay to the Holder in cash all or a portion of the principal amount of this Debenture outstanding on the Trigger Date, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the Exit Fee and any other amounts due hereunder or (ii) issue to the Holder such number of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, substantially in the form of the Certificate of Designations attached as Exhibit A hereto, for aggregate stated value equal to: (x) 3.0 multipliedby (y) all, or such portion, as applicable, of the principal amount of this Debenture outstanding on the Tigger Date, after giving effect to any repayment pursuant to foregoing clause (i), together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the Exit Fee and other amount due hereunder. In case the Company elects the option specified in the foregoing clause (i), the Company shall deliver on a date that is at least 5 Trading Days before such Trigger Date a written notice (a Trigger Date Repayment Notice) to the Holder of its irrevocable election to repay all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture plus (i) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus (ii) the Exit Fee, and plus (iii) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable (collectively, the Trigger Date Repayment Amount) for cash on the Trigger Date (the period from the date of such Trigger Date Repayment Notice to the Trigger Date, the Repayment Period). For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may elect to convert all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture pursuant to Section 4 at any time, and from time to time, prior to the Trigger Date. For the further avoidance of doubt, the Company shall honor all conversions occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder during the Repayment Period.

Section 3. 

Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

(a) Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b) Investment Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations.

(c) Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

8

Section 4. 

Conversion.

(a) Voluntary Conversion. At any time after the Original Issue Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d)). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion), specifying therein the principal amount of this Debenture to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted in which case the Holder shall surrender this Debenture as promptly as is reasonably practicable after such conversion without delaying the Companys obligation to deliver the shares on the Share Delivery Date. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Conversion Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to $5.46, subject to adjustment as provided herein (the Conversion Price); provided, that the Conversion Price will at no time be lower than the Floor Price.

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price.

(ii) Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) the Conversion Shares which, on or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effectiveness Date, shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Debenture and (B) a certified check (or wire transfer) in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest. On or after the earlier of (i) the six-month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effectiveness Date, the Company shall deliver any Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

9

(iii) Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

(iv) Obligation Absolute. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Debenture shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares required to be delivered hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 for the Companys failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

10

(v) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(vi) Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Debentures), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if the Registration Statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such Registration Statement (subject to such Holders compliance with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement).

11

(vii) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

(viii) Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Debenture shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

12

(d) Holders Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Debenture, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, any other Debentures) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates or Attribution Parties) and which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d) shall continue to apply. Any decrease in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 5th Business Day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Debenture.

13

(e) Holder of Record of Conversion Shares. The Person in whose name any Conversion Share is issuable or deliverable upon conversion of this Note will be deemed for all corporate purposes to hold such share as of the close of business on the date of receipt by such Person of the Conversion Shares for such conversion.

Section 5. 

Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest on, the Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

(b) Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each Dilutive Issuance the Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price, provided that the Base Conversion Price shall not be less than the Floor Price (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following the date of the Purchase Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 5(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

14

(c) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Debenture is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Debenture, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

15

(e) Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(f) Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

16

(g) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Debenture, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(g) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Debenture which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Debenture) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein

17

(h) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

(i) Nasdaq Share Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Debenture, prior to the receipt of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of all Debentures in the aggregate under the Debentures will be subject to, and shall not exceed, the Nasdaq Share Cap. Prior to the receipt of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, (i) if the Company receives a Notice of Conversion from more than one Holder of Debentures for the same Conversion Date and, due to the Nasdaq Share Cap, the Company can convert some, but not all, of such Debentures submitted for conversion on such date into Common Stock, then the Company shall convert from each Holder of Debentures electing to have Debentures converted on such Conversion Date a pro rata amount of such Holders portion of its Debentures submitted for conversion based on the principal amount of Debentures submitted for conversion on such date by such Holder relative to the aggregate principal amount of all Debentures submitted for conversion on such Conversion Date; (ii) the Company shall be entitled to settle conversions of Debentures in shares of Common Stock up to the Nasdaq Share Cap and shall not be required to pay any cash in respect of the shares of Common Stock not delivered; and (iii) any Debentures surrendered for conversion for which any shares of Common Stock are not required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5(i) shall not be converted or extinguished and shall instead be returned to the Holders and shall remain outstanding.

18

Section 6.Exit Fee. Upon any prepayment by the Company in cash of all or any of the principal amount of this Debenture (whether on or prior to the Maturity Date), the Company shall pay to the Holder concurrently with such prepayment an exit fee in an amount equal to 15% of the principal amount of this Debenture being prepaid (an Exit Fee).

Section 7.Covenants.

(a) Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(i) other than Permitted Indebtedness, except with the prior written consent of the Holder, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any Indebtedness of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(ii) other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(iii) amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

(iv) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a deminimis number of shares of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to (i) the Conversion Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction Documents, and (ii) repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company, provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $50,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture;

(v) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Debentures if on a pro-rata basis, other than regularly scheduled principal and interest payments as such terms are in effect as of the Original Issue Date, provided that such payments shall not be permitted if, at such time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exist or occur;

19

(vi) pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

(vii) assign, sell, transfer, license, lease or otherwise dispose of any its assets (including, without limitation, any disposition to any Subsidiary that has not executed and delivered the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement to the Agent) other than (a) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, and (b) other dispositions not to exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per year, and (c) following a Change of Control Transaction, upon written consent of the Holder, dispoistions of securities of Evtec Group Limited held by the Company or its Subsidiaries;

(viii) make or hold any Investments other than: (a) Investments existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement and that are disclosed in the SEC Reports (provided, for clarity, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall increase the size of its Investment in any such Investment existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement other than in accordance with this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents), (b) Investments in cash and cash equivalents held in deposit accounts at U.S. banks, (c) Investments in Subsidiaries; and (e) other Investments that do not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per calendar year;

enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);

(ix)

(x) from the date hereof until September 1, 2025, (i) incur operating expenses in excess of $1,300,000 in any consecutive three-month periods or (ii) make capital expenditures (as determined in accordance with GAAP) other than in the ordinary course of the Companys business;

(xi) enter into any factoring agreement, merchant cash advance agreement or similar arrangement without the prior consent of the Holder; or

(xii) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

(b) Affirmative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

(i) preserve and maintain its legal existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify and remain qualified as a foreign business entity in each jurisdiction in which qualification is necessary in view of its business and operations or the ownership of its properties and where failure maintain or qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

20

(ii) provide to Agent and the Holder, promptly upon becoming aware thereof (and in any event within one (1) day after the occurrence thereof), a notice of each Event of Default known to an executive officer of the Company, together with a statement of such executive officer setting forth the details of such Event of Default and the actions which the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

(iii) (a) pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable: (i) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; and (iii) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to the terms of this Debenture; and (b) timely file all material tax returns required to be filed (subject to any valid extension);

(iv) (a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(v) comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property;

(vi) [reserved];

(vii) maintain (a) insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies in at least the amounts (and with only those deductibles) customarily maintained, and against such risks as are typically insured against, by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar business as the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (b) all workers compensation, employers liability insurance or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which it may be engaged in business. All such insurance policies required pursuant to clause (a) of this Section shall name the Agent as a loss payee (in the case of property or other casualty insurance) and an additional insured (in the case of liability insurance);

21

(viii) use reasonable efforts to cause the Company to remain eligible to use Form S-3 for a delayed or continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(x) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Section 8. Events of Default.

(a) Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i) any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured within three (3) Trading Days;

(ii) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures (other than a breach by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in clause (xii) below) or in any Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

(iii) a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);

(iv) any representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

(v) the Company or any Subsidiary shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

(vi) the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any Indebtedness, that (a) involves an obligation greater than $100,000, whether such Indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such Indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

22

(vii) the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days;

(viii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any (A) Change of Control Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction) or (ii) Fundamental Transaction, in each case, other than the Merger Transaction;

(ix) any Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Purchase Agreement;

(x) the Initial Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) shall not have been (x) filed on or prior to the Filing Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or (y) declared effective by the Commission on or prior to the Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or the Company does not meet the current public information requirements under Rule 144 in respect of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement);

(xi) if, during the Effectiveness Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), either (a) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement lapses for any reason or (b) the Holder shall not be permitted to resell Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) under the Registration Statement for a period of more than 20 consecutive Trading Days or 30 non-consecutive Trading Days during any 12 month period;

(xii) the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver Conversion Shares to a Holder prior to the fifth Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the Companys intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof;

(xiii) the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation is no longer available or is subject to a chill;

(xiv) any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than $100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days;

23

(xv) any Security Document shall for any reason (other than solely as a result of any action or inaction by the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement)) fail or cease to create a valid Lien on any material portion of the Collateral in favor of the Holder; or any material provision of any Security Document shall at any time for any reason (other than solely as a result of any action or inaction by the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement)) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company, any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any such Subsidiary, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof; or

(xvi) the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, the Mandatory Default Amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash; provided that such acceleration shall be automatic, without any notice or other action of the Required Holders required, in respect of an Event of Default occurring pursuant to clause (v) of Section 8(a). Commencing 5 days after the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18.0% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

24

Section 9.Incremental Loan Facilities.

(a) Additional Loans.

(i) At any time following the Filing Trigger Date and prior to the Maturity Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Debenture and the Purchase Agreement and provided that (i) no other default or Event of Default has occurred and (ii) the shares of Common Stock of the Company continue to be listed or quoted on any national securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted, upon the request by the Company, the Holder shall make an additional loan (the Filing Loan) under this Debenture to the Company upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon the funding of the Filing Loan, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture shall be increased by the principal amount of such Filing Loan. The aggregate principal amount of the Filing Loan shall be in the amount requested by the Company but shall not exceed $750,000.

(ii) At any time following the Effectiveness Trigger Date and prior to the Maturity Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Debenture and the Purchase Agreement and provided that (i) no other default or Event of Default has occurred and (ii) the shares of Common Stock of the Company continue to be listed or quoted on any national securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted, upon the request by the Company, the Holder shall make an additional loan (the Effectiveness Loan and, together with the Filing Loan, the Additional Loans) under this Debenture to the Company upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon the funding of the Effectiveness Loan, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture shall be increased by the principal amount of such Effectiveness Loan, which, for the avoidance of doubt, will be in addition to the principal amount of the Filing Loan. The aggregate principal amount of the Effectiveness Loan shall be in the amount requested by the Company but shall not exceed $500,000.

(b) Request for Additional Loans. In order to request any Additional Loan, the Company shall deliver a written request (which may be by email) to the Holder no later than 12:00 p.m. on the Business Day immediately preceding the funding date of the applicable Additional Loan setting forth (1) the requested funding date of the applicable Additional Loan, which shall be a Business Day occurring on the date on which all conditions to such funding have been satisfied, (2) the requested amount of the applicable Additional Loan, and (3) wire instructions for the Companys account where the proceeds of the applicable Additional Loan shall be deposited. Any request for the Additional Loan shall be irrevocable and binding on the Company.

(c) Conditions to Additional Loans. The Holder may in its sole discretion agree to waive any of the conditions set forth in this Section 9 for the funding of each Additional Loan.

Section 10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other email address, or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 10(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

25

(b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation of the Company. This Debenture ranks paripassu with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

(c) Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

(d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the DelawareCourts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Debenture, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

26

(e) Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

(f) Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

27

(g) Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief.The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Debenture.

(h) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(i) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section 11. Secured Obligation. The obligations of the Company under this Debenture are secured by the Collateral.

Section 12. Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, in the event that the Company believes that such notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate in such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries and, simultaneously with the delivery of such notice to the Holder, the Company shall publicly disclose the contents of such notice in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission. If the Company does not indicate to the Holder with delivery of such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters set forth in such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

*********************

(Signature Page Follows)

28

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 

By: /s/ Gust Kepler 

Name: Gust Kepler 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due the Earlier of the Trigger Date and January 17, 2026 (the Debenture) of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company).

The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the Debenture into shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock) according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all issue, stamp, transfer and similar taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion, except for such issue, stamp, transfer and similar taxes, if any.

By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock does not exceed the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Debenture, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

The undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.

Conversion calculations: 

Date to Effect Conversion:

Principal Amount of Debenture to be Converted:

Payment of Interest in Common Stock __ yes __ no

If yes, $_____ of Interest Accrued on Account of Conversion at Issue.

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:

Signature:

Name:

Address for Delivery of Common Stock Certificates:

Or

DWAC Instructions:

DTC Participant Number: 

DTC Participant Name: 

Account Number:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex_786901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
ex_786901.htm

Exhibit 10.4

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 10, 2025, between Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025 among the Company and each Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement).

The Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 30th calendar day following the Filing Date of the Initial Registration Statement (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 45th calendar day following the Filing Date of the Initial Registration Statement) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the 30th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 45th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Filing Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, April 15, 2025, and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Plan of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Underlying Shares then issued and issuable upon conversion of the Additional Debenture (assuming on such date the Additional Debenture is converted in full without regard to any conversion limitations therein and assuming and assuming that each of the Filing Loan (as defined in the Additional Debenture) and Effectiveness Loan (as defined in the Additional Debenture) are fully funded), and (b) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided,however, that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

2

Registration Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Selling Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

3

2. Shelf Registration.

(a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate form in accordance herewith, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e)) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by the Required Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A; provided, however, that no Holder shall be required to be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders via facsimile or by e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(d).

(b) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form, and subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09.

4

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d), if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows:

a. 

First, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities; and

b. 

Second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Underlying Shares and Additional Debentures (applied, in the case that some Underlying Shares and Additional Debentures may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Underlying Shares and Additional Debentures held by such Holders).

In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

(d) If: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement, or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

5

(e) If Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any Underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder.

6

3. Registration Procedures.

In connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a) Not less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Required Holders shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto.

(b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

(c) If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

7

(d) Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided, however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) Use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

8

(f) Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h) Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i) If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request.

9

(j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(d), for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

(k) Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l) The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities.

(m) The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company.

10

4. Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

5. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c). The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

11

(b) Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

12

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms.

The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

13

The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b) No Piggyback on Registrations. Neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than the Registrable Securities.

(c) Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d).

(d) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Required Holders, provided that, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(d). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

14

(e) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

(g) No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(h) Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

(i) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

15

(k) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(l) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(m) Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

16

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 

By: /s/ Gust Kepler 

Name: Gust Kepler 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

18

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO BLBX RRA]

Name of Holder: Five Narrow Lane LP 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: /s/ Joseph Hammer 

Name of Authorized Signatory: Joseph Hammer 

Title of Authorized Signatory: Managing Member 

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

Annex A

Plan of Distribution

Each Selling Stockholder (the Selling Stockholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal Trading Market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the brokerdealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the brokerdealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a brokerdealer as principal and resale by the brokerdealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

settlement of short sales;

in transactions through brokerdealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

a combination of any such methods of sale; or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Brokerdealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokersdealers to participate in sales. Brokerdealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any brokerdealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

In connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

The Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with.

Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

2

SELLING SHAREHOLDERS

The common stock being offered by the selling shareholders are those issuable to the selling shareholders upon conversion of the debentures. For additional information regarding the issuances of those debentures, see Private Placement of Debentures above. We are registering the shares of common stock in order to permit the selling shareholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the debentures, the selling shareholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years.

The table below lists the selling shareholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by each of the selling shareholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling shareholder, based on its ownership of the debentures, as of ________, 2025, assuming conversion of the debentures held by the selling shareholders on that date, without regard to any limitations on conversions.

The third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling shareholders.

In accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling shareholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of the sum of the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the debentures, determined as if the outstanding debentures were exercised in full as of the trading day immediately preceding the date this registration statement was initially filed with the SEC, as of the trading day immediately preceding the applicable date of determination and all subject to adjustment as provided in the registration right agreement, without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the debentures and assuming that each of the Additional Loans are funded.The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling shareholders pursuant to this prospectus.

Under the terms of the debentures, a selling shareholder may not convert the debentures to the extent such exercise would cause such selling shareholder, together with its affiliates and attribution parties, to beneficially own a number of shares of common stock which would exceed 9.99%, as applicable, of our then outstanding common stock following such conversion, excluding for purposes of such determination shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of such debentures which have not been converted. The number of shares in the second and fourth columns do not reflect this limitation. The selling shareholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See "Plan of Distribution."

3

Name of Selling Shareholder 

Number of shares of Common

Stock Owned Prior to

Offering 

Maximum Number of shares

of Common Stock to be Sold

Pursuant to this Prospectus 

Number of

shares of

Common

Stock

Owned After

Offering

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex_786902.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
ex_786902.htm

Exhibit 10.5

SECURITY AGREEMENT

This SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of March 10, 2025 (this Agreement), is among Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), the Subsidiaries of the Company party hereto (such Subsidiaries, the Guarantors and together with the Company, the Debtors), and Five Narrow Lane LP company, as the collateral agent (the Agent).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, between the Company, the Purchasers (as defined therein, and together with the Agent, collectively, the Secured Parties), and the Agent, the Purchasers have severally agreed to extend the loans to the Company evidenced by Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Due the Earlier of the Trigger Date and January 17, 2026 (the Debentures);

WHEREAS, pursuant to a certain Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of the date hereof (the Guarantee), the Guarantors have jointly and severally agreed to guarantee and act as surety for payment of such Debentures; and

WHEREAS, in order to induce the Secured Parties to extend the loans evidenced by the Debentures, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Parties this Agreement and to grant the Agent (on behalf and for the benefit of the Secured Parties), paripassu with each other Secured Party and through the Agent (as defined in Section 18 hereof), a security interest in certain property of such Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Companys obligations under the Debentures and the Guarantors obligations under the Guarantee.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement (x) that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel paper, commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations) shall have the respective meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC and (y) that are defined in the Debentures, shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Debentures.

(a) Collateral means the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities:

(i) All goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any Debtors businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;

1

(ii) All contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or other securities, rights under any of the Organizational Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor), computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual Property and income tax refunds;

(iii) All accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to each account, including any right of stoppage in transit;

(iv) All documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper;

(v) All commercial tort claims;

(vi) All deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts);

(vii) All investment property other than, following the consummation a Change of Control Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) upon written consent of the Secured Parties, securities of Evtec Group Limited held by the Debtors which shall not constitute Collateral for purposes hereof;

(viii) All supporting obligations;

2

(ix) All files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and

(x) The Products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i) (ix) above.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting ownership and/or other equity interests in each Guarantor, including, without limitation, the shares of capital stock and the other equity interests as disclosed in a schedule provided to the Agent prior to the date hereof, and any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests of any other direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Collateral shall not include (a) any property that is the subject of a lien securing purchase money indebtedness or leases permitted under the Debentures where the applicable purchase agreement or lease prohibits any Debtor from granting any other liens in such property, (b) [reserved], (c) any application to register a trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the basis of an intent-to-use until an applicable statement of use has been submitted and accepted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect thereto, and (d) any lease, license or other contract of any Debtor if the grant of a security interest in such lease, license or contract in the manner contemplated by this Agreement is prohibited by the terms of such lease, license or contract or by applicable law and would result in the termination of such lease, license or contract or give the other parties thereto the right to terminate, accelerate or otherwise adversely alter any Debtors rights, titles and interests thereunder (including upon the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both); provided, that (i) any such limitation described in the foregoing clause (a) on the security interests granted hereunder shall apply only to the extent that any such prohibition could not be rendered ineffective pursuant to the UCC or any other applicable law (including pursuant to a Bankruptcy Event (as defined in the Debentures)) or principles of equity and (ii) in the event of the termination or elimination of any such prohibition or the requirement for any consent contained in such lease, license or contract or in any Applicable Law, to the extent sufficient to permit any such item to become Collateral hereunder, or upon the granting of any such consent, or waiving or terminating any requirement for such consent, a security interest in such lease, license or contract shall be automatically and simultaneously granted hereunder and shall be included as Collateral hereunder.

3

(b) Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing.

(c) Majority in Interest means, at any time of determination, the majority in interest (based on then outstanding principal amount of Debentures at the time of such determination) of the Secured Parties.

(d) Necessary Endorsement means undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such other instruments or documents as the Agent (as that term is defined below) may reasonably request.

(e) Obligations means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of any Debtor to the Secured Parties, in each case arising under this Agreement, the Debentures, the Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Secured Parties as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Debentures, the Guarantee and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor.

4

(f) Organizational Documents means with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as a certificate of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement).

(g) Pledged Interests shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(j).

(h) Release Date shall mean the conversion of and/or repayment in full in cash of, all amounts owed under the Debentures (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

(i) Pledged Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(i).

(j) UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Delaware and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has jurisdiction with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest sense. Accordingly, if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling.

2. Grant of Security Interest in Collateral. As an inducement for the Secured Parties to extend the loans as evidenced by the Debentures and to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each Debtor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Agent (on behalf and for the benefit of the Secured Parties) a security interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (a Security Interest and, collectively, the Security Interests).

5

3. Delivery of Certain Collateral. Contemporaneously or prior to the execution of this Agreement, each Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary Endorsements. The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to Agent, or have previously delivered to Agent, a true and correct copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities.

4. Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors. Each Debtor represents and warrants to, and solely until the Release Date covenants and agrees with, the Secured Parties as follows:

(a) Each Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement and the filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is required by such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by general principles of equity.

(b) Except for the Debtors respective principal places of business, the Debtors have no other place of business or offices where their respective books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral is stored or located. If applicable, each Debtor is the lessee or record owner of the real property where such Collateral is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such real property except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures). None of such Collateral is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor.

(c) Except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures), the Debtors are the sole owner of the Collateral, free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims, and are fully authorized through all corporate or limited liability company power, as applicable, to grant the Security Interests. There is not on file in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. As long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any other financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or in connection with any Permitted Lien)

6

(d) No written claim has been received that any Collateral or any Debtors use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party. There has been no adverse decision to any Debtors claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction or to any Debtors right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator or other governmental authority.

(e) Each Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and its Collateral at the locations disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof and may not relocate such books of account and records or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Parties at least ten days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing statements under the UCC and other necessary documents, if any, have been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interests to create in favor of the Secured Parties a valid, perfected and continuing perfected first priority lien in the Collateral.

(f) This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Parties a valid security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures), securing the payment and performance of the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in any Collateral which may be perfected by filing Uniform Commercial Code financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the filing of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements referred to in the immediately following paragraph, the recordation of the Intellectual Property Security Agreement (as defined in Section 4(p) hereof), and the execution and delivery of any deposit account control agreements satisfying the requirements of Section 9-104(a)(2) of the UCC, no consent of any third parties and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (ii) the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder in the Collateral or (iii) the enforcement of the rights of the Agent and the Secured Parties hereunder.

1 NTD: Can the Company confirm and list any patents, trademarks or other IP it owns? [Note: BLBX maintains 3 registered trademarks]

7

(g) Each Debtor hereby authorizes the Agent to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interests, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by it.

(h) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Debtors does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any Organizational Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law, rule or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any Debtors debt or otherwise). If any, all required consents (including, without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any Debtor) necessary for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder have been obtained.

(i) The capital stock and other equity interests disclosed in a schedule provided to the Agent prior to the date hereof (the Pledged Securities) represent all of the capital stock and other equity interests of the Guarantors, and represent all capital stock and other equity interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance except for the security interests created by this Agreement and other Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures).

(j) The ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the Pledged Interests) by their express terms do not provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC and are not held in a securities account or by any financial intermediary.

(k) Except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures), each Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests provided for hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens and security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Parties until this Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees to defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and entities. Each Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of the Secured Parties. At the request of the Agent, each Debtor will sign and deliver to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties at any time or from time to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and will pay the cost of filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Agent to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and obligations provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests hereunder, and each Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Agent from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the Security Interests hereunder.

8

(l) No Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except as permitted under the Debentures) without the prior written consent of a Majority in Interest.

(m) Each Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order (ordinary war and tear excluded), and shall not operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage.

(n) Each Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including Collateral hereafter acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost thereof. Each Debtor shall cause each insurance policy issued in connection herewith to provide, and the insurer issuing such policy to certify to the Agent, that (a) the Agent will be named as lender loss payee and additional insured under each such insurance policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially changed for any reason whatsoever, such insurer will promptly notify the Agent and such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent for at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Agent of such notice, unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase coverage under the policy; and (c) the Agent will have the right (but no obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of premiums within thirty (30) days of notice from the insurer of such default. If no Event of Default exists and if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related claims do not exceed $250,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor; provided, however, that payments received by any Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess of $250,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences shall be paid to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if received by such Debtor, shall be held in trust for the Secured Parties and immediately paid over to the Agent unless otherwise directed in writing by the Agent. Copies of such policies or the related certificates, in each case, naming the Agent as lender loss payee and additional insured shall be delivered to the Agent at least annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued.

9

(o) Each Debtor shall, within ten days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail, of any material adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event which would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral or on the Secured Parties security interest, through the Agent therein.

(p) Each Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Agent such further assignments, security agreements, financing statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and may in its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce the Secured Parties security interest in the Collateral including, without limitation, if applicable, the execution and delivery of a separate security agreement with respect to each Debtors Intellectual Property (Intellectual Property Security Agreement) in which the Secured Parties have been granted a security interest hereunder, substantially in a form reasonably acceptable to the Agent, which Intellectual Property Security Agreement, other than as stated therein, shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

(q) Each Debtor shall permit the Agent and its representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice, and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Agent from time to time. Debtors shall not be obligated to reimburse the Agent for any such inspection.

(r) Each Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral.

(s) [Reserved].

(t) All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Parties by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral is true and correct in all material respects as of the date furnished.

(u) Except as permitted by the Transaction Documents, the Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any rights and franchises material to its business.

(v) No Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one), legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name unless it provides at least 10 days prior written notice to the Secured Parties of such change and, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

10

(w) Except in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill and hold, sale or return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of the Agent which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(x) No Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing 10 days prior written notification thereof to the Secured Parties and so long as, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

(y) Each Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state of formation or incorporation as of the date hereof.

(z) (i) The actual name of each Debtor is stated on the signatures pages hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except as disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the past five years except as disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof.

(aa) At any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit possession by the secured party to perfect the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral to the Agent.

(bb) Each Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees, to comply with any and all orders and instructions of Agent regarding the Pledged Interests consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer control within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity.

(cc) Each Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Agent, or, if such delivery is not possible, then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is subject to the security interest created by this Agreement. To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel paper to be marked within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or successor section thereto).

11

(dd) If there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall cause such an account control agreement, in form and substance in each case satisfactory to the Agent, to be entered into and delivered to the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

(ee) To the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Parties.

(ff) To the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Agent in notifying such third party of the Secured Parties security interest in such Collateral and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

(gg) If any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in a writing signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Parties in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.

(hh) [Reserved].

(ii) Each Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to, within 30 days after the acquisition or formation of such subsidiary, enter into a Subsidiary Guarantee in favor of the Secured Party, in the form of Exhibit D to the Purchase Agreement, and become a party hereto (an Additional Debtor), by executing and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially the form of Annex A attached hereto and comply with the provisions hereof applicable to the Debtors. The Additional Debtor shall also deliver such opinions of counsel, authorizing resolutions, good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational documents, financing statements and other information and documentation as the Agent may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to the Agent, the Additional Debtor shall be and become a party to this Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all purposes hereof as fully and to the same extent as if it were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein as of the date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and all references herein to the Debtors shall be deemed to include each Additional Debtor.

(jj) Each Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Debentures.

12

(kk) Each Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of such Debtor. Each Debtor shall notify each issuer of Pledged Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Parties on the books of such issuer. Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Agent, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to Agent an acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by Agent during the continuation of an Event of Default, such issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Securities into the name of any designee of Agent, will take such steps as may be necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply with all other instructions of Agent regarding such Pledged Securities without the further consent of the applicable Debtor.

(ll) In the event that, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or parties (herein called the Transferee) or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor shall, to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to Agent or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws, minute books, stock certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account, financial records and all other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries; (ii) use its best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries, if so requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory body in order to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by Agent and allow the Transferee or Agent to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries.

(mm) [Reserved].

(nn) [Reserved].

(oo) [Reserved].

5. Effect of Pledge on Certain Rights.If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests (regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of Agents rights hereunder shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the Organizational Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party.

13

6. [Reserved].

7. Duty to Hold in Trust. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend, interest or other sums subject to the Security Interests, whether payable pursuant to the Debentures or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Parties and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Parties, pro-rata in proportion to their respective then-currently outstanding principal amount of Debentures for application to the satisfaction of the Obligations (and if any Debenture is not outstanding, pro-rata in proportion to the initial purchases of the remaining Debentures).

(b) If any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries) in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise), such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Parties; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to Agent on or before the close of business on the fifth Business Day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together with the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral.

8. Rights and Remedies Upon Default. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time such Event of Default shall continue thereafter, the Secured Parties, acting through the Agent, shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Debentures, and the Secured Parties shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have the following rights and powers:

(i) The Agent shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and each Debtor shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Agent at places which the Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtors premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Agent, without rent, all of such Debtors respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Agent taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.

14

(ii) Upon five Business Days notice to the Debtors by Agent, all rights of each Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon the giving of such notice, Agent shall have the right to receive, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, any interest, cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Agent, to exercise in such Agents discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries.

(iii) The Agent shall have the right to operate the business of each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Agent may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released.

(iv) The Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make payments directly to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and to enforce the Debtors rights against such account debtors and obligors.

15

(v) The Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may (but is not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, or its designee.

(vi) The Agent may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Parties or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral.

(b) The Agent shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Agent may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Agent sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Agents rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.

(c) For the purpose of enabling the Agent to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement or applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Agent, for the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Parties, an irrevocable, nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof.

9. Applications of Proceeds. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made on account of any insurance policy insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Agent in enforcing the Secured Parties rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations pro rata among the Secured Parties (based on then-outstanding principal amounts of Debentures at the time of any such determination), and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Parties shall pay to the applicable Debtor any surplus proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt, if, upon the sale, license or other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Parties are legally entitled, the Debtors will be liable for the deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Parties arising out of the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Parties as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction.

16

10. Securities Law Provision. Each Debtor recognizes that Agent may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities laws (collectively, the Securities Laws), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted group of purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than if the Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that Agent has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the period of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall cooperate with Agent in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration thereunder if requested by Agent) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Agent.

11. Costs and Expenses. Subject to the Purchase Agreement, each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Agent. The Debtors shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Agent is reasonably likely to prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security Interests therein. Subject to the Purchase Agreement, the Debtors will also, upon demand, pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may incur in connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure, collection or enforcement of the Security Interest and the preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement and pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Parties under the Debentures.

17

12. Responsibility for Collateral. The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) neither the Agent nor any Secured Party (i) has any duty (either before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral, or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. Neither the Agent nor any Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Agent or any Secured Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Agent or any Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Agent or any Secured Party in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to the Agent or to which the Agent or any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times.

13. Security Interests Absolute. All rights of the Secured Parties and all obligations of the Debtors hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Debentures or any agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Debentures or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interests granted hereby. Until the Release Date, the rights of the Secured Parties shall continue even if the Obligations are barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Parties hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Parties, then, in any such event, each Debtors obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Parties to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which the Secured Parties may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby.

18

14. Term of Agreement; Release of Security Interests.

(a) This Agreement and the Security Interests shall terminate on the Release Date; provided, that the indemnity provided for in Section 19(k) of this Agreement shall survive its termination.

(b) At such time as the Release Date has occurred, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created hereby, and this Agreement and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Debtor hereunder shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Debtors. At the request and sole expense of any Debtor following any such termination, the Agent shall deliver to such Debtor any Collateral held by the Agent hereunder, and execute and deliver to such Debtor such documents as such Debtor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

(c) If any of the Collateral shall be disposed of or transferred by any Debtor in a transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents, then such Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by hereby, and from time to time thereafter the Agent, at the request and sole expense of such Debtor, shall execute and deliver to such Debtor all releases or other documents reasonably necessary or desirable for the release of the Liens created hereby on such Collateral.

15. Power of Attorney; Further Assurances.

(a) Each Debtor authorizes the Agent, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Agent and its officers, agents, successors or assigns with full power of substitution, as such Debtors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Agent or such Debtor, to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may come into possession of the Agent; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Agent, and at the expense of the Debtors, at any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Agent deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement and the Debentures all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Release Date. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Secured Party is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office.

19

(b) On a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Agent, to perfect the Security Interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the Agent the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC.

(c) Each Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Agent as such Debtors attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Agents discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Agent. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Release Date.

16. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Debentures).

17. Other Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the guarantee, endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Agent shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured Parties rights and remedies hereunder.

20

18. Appointment of Agent. Pursuant to Section 5.23 of the Purchase Agreement, the Secured Parties have appointed Five Narrow Lane LP to act as their agent (Agent) for purposes of exercising any and all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder.

19. Miscellaneous.

(a) No course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Parties, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Secured Parties, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Debentures shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

(b) All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Debentures or by any other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

(c) This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Debtors and the Secured Parties holding a majority or more of the principal amount of Debentures then outstanding and/or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought.

(d) If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(e) No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

21

(f) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and the Guarantors may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Secured Party (other than by merger). Any Secured Party may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to whom such Secured Party assigns or transfers any Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Obligations, by the provisions of this Agreement that apply to the Secured Parties.

(g) Each party shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

(h) Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Debentures (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

22

(i) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by .pdf via email transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such .pdf via email signature were the original thereof.

(j) All Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the obligations of each Debtor to the Secured Parties hereunder.

(k) Subject to the Purchase Agreement, each Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Agent and the Secured Parties and their respective partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents (and any other persons with other titles that have similar functions) (collectively, Indemnitees) from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined by a final, nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Debentures, the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Debentures) or any other agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.

(l) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to subject Agent or any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct or indirect Subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries that is a limited liability company, nor shall Agent or any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries or otherwise, unless and until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto.

(m) To the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors hereby grant such consent and approval and waive any such noncompliance with the terms of said documents.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

By: /s/ Gust Kepler

Name: Gust Kepler

Title: Chief Executive Officer

BLACKBOX.IO INC.

By: /s/ Gust Kepler

Name: Gust Kepler

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. SECURITY AGREEMENT]

AGENT:

Five Narrow Lane LP

By: /s/ Joseph Hammer 

Name: Joseph Hammer

Title: Managing Member

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. SECURITY AGREEMENT]

Name of Investing Entity: Five Narrow Lane LP 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing entity: /s/ Joseph Hammer 

Name of Authorized Signatory: Joseph Hammer 

Title of Authorized Signatory: Managing Member 

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

ANNEX A

to

SECURITY

AGREEMENT

FORM OF ADDITIONAL DEBTOR JOINDER

Security Agreement dated as of [_____ ___, 200__ made by

[_____________

and its subsidiaries party thereto from time to time, as Debtors

to and in favor of

the Secured Parties identified therein (the Security Agreement)

Reference is made to the Security Agreement as defined above; capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement.

The undersigned hereby agrees that upon delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder to the Secured Parties referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) be an Additional Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully and to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations and warranties set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE SECURED PARTIES A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN.

An executed copy of this Joinder shall be delivered to the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may rely on the matters set forth herein on or after the date hereof. This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Joinder to be executed in the name and on behalf of the undersigned.

[Name of Additional Debtor

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Dated:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex_786903.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
ex_786903.htm

Exhibit 10.6

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE, dated as of March 10, 2025 (this Guarantee), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the Guarantors), in favor of the purchasers signatory (together with their permitted assigns, the Purchasers) to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and the Purchasers (the Purchase Agreement).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell and issue to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers have agreed to purchase from the Company the Debentures, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; and

WHEREAS, each Guarantor is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company and will directly benefit from the extension of credit to the Company represented by the issuance of the Debentures; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained therein and to induce the Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Purchasers as follows:

1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement. The words hereof, herein, hereto and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings:

Guarantee means this Subsidiary Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Obligations means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company or any Guarantor to the Purchasers, in each case arising under this Guarantee, the Debentures and any other Transaction Documents, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Purchasers as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Guarantor from time to time under or in connection with this Guarantee, the Debentures and the other Transaction Documents; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Company or any Guarantor. 

2. Guarantee.

(a) Guarantee.

(i) The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Purchasers and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations.

(ii) Anything herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable federal and state laws, including laws relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting the rights of creditors generally (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2(b)).

(iii) Each Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor hereunder without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Purchasers hereunder.

(iv) The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of each Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

(v) No payment made by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Purchasers from the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations), remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor hereunder until the Obligations are paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

2

(vi) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specific performance of which by the Guarantors is not reasonably possible (e.g. the issuance of the Companys Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only be liable for making the Purchasers whole on a monetary basis for the Companys failure to perform such Obligations in accordance with the Transaction Documents.

(b) Right of Contribution. Subject to Section 2(c), each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantors right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Purchasers and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Purchasers for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder.

(c) No Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor by the Purchasers, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchasers against the Company or any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations, nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any other Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Purchasers by the Company on account of the Obligations are paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made). If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such Guarantor in trust for the Purchasers, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Purchasers in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Purchasers, if required), to be applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Purchasers may determine.

(d) Amendments, Etc. With Respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the Obligations made by the Purchasers may be rescinded by the Purchasers and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations, or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Purchasers, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchasers may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. The Purchasers shall have no obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by them (or by Agent for their benefit) as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or any property subject thereto.

3

(e) Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional. Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Purchasers upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or acceptance of the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2; and all dealings between the Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2. Each Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by law diligence,

presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Company or any of the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands and agrees that the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Purchasers, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance or fraud by Purchasers) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company or any other Person against the Purchasers, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Company or such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company for the Obligations, or of such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor, the Purchasers may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they may have against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Purchasers to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Purchasers against any Guarantor. For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

(f) Reinstatement. The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Purchasers upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.

4

(g) Payments. Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Purchasers without set-off or counterclaim in U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in the Signature Pages to the Purchase Agreement.

3. Representations and Warranties. Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchasers as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization and Qualification. The Guarantor is a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction set forth on Schedule 1, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those identified as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Authorization; Enforcement. The Guarantor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Guarantee by the Guarantor and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Guarantor. This Guarantee has been duly executed by the Guarantor and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Guarantee by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor is subject (including Federal and State securities laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Guarantor is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5

(d) Consents and Approvals. The Guarantor is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guarantee.

(e) Purchase Agreement. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such Guarantor, each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct in all material respects as of each time such representations are deemed to be made pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchasers shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set forth herein, provided that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Company's knowledge shall, for the purposes of this Section 3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantor's knowledge.

4. Covenants. Each Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchasers that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made), such Guarantor shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially reasonable action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) is caused by the failure to take such action or to refrain from taking such action by such Guarantor.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in writing by the Purchasers.

(b) Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Purchasers or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to such Guarantor at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b).

(c) No Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. The Purchasers shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Purchasers, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Purchasers of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Purchasers would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law.

6

(d) Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification.

(i) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Purchasers for, all their reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Purchasers.

(ii) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other similar taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee.

(iii) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Guarantee, in each case to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(iv) The agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

(e) Successor and Assigns. This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the Purchasers and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.

(f) Set-Off. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Purchasers at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default under any of the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, any such notice being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by the Purchasers to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as the Purchasers may elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Purchasers hereunder and claims of every nature and description of the Purchasers against such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Purchase Agreement, any other Transaction Document or otherwise, as the Purchasers may elect, whether or not the Purchasers have made any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. The Purchasers shall notify such Guarantor promptly of any such set-off and the application made by the Purchasers of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Purchasers under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Purchasers may have.

7

(g) Counterparts. This Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts (including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

(h) Severability. Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(i) Section Headings. The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.

(j) Integration. This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchasers with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchasers relative to subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents.

(k) Governing Laws. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Guarantee and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby.

8

(l) Acknowledgements. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that:

(i) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party;

(ii) the Purchasers have no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee or any of the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and

(iii) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Guarantors and the Purchasers.

(m) Additional Guarantors. The Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof to become a Guarantor for all purposes of this Guarantee by executing and delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1 hereto.

(n) Release of Guarantors. Each Guarantor will be automatically released from all liability hereunder on the Release Date (as defined in the Security Agreement). In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Guarantor (i) will automatically be released from its obligations under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents upon the consummation of any transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents as a result of which such Guarantor ceases to be a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Borrower and (ii) will at the option of the Company, by written notice to the Agent, be released from its obligations under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents at any time it becomes an Excluded Subsidiary (as defined in the Security Agreement), whether as a result of the consummation of any transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents or otherwise.

(o) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. SECTION 5.23 of the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

*********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

BLACKBOX.IO INC. 

By: /s/ Gust Kepler 

Name: Gust Kepler 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

10

SCHEDULE 1

GUARANTORS

The following are the names, notice addresses and jurisdiction of organization of each Guarantor.

GUARANTOR 

JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION 

COMPANY OWNED BY PERCENTAGE (Directly or Indirectly)

BLACKBOX.IO INC. 

Delaware 

100%

11

Annex 1 to

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of ____ __, ______ made by ______________________________, a ______________ corporation (the Additional Guarantor), in favor of the Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in such Purchase Agreement.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and the Purchasers have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Subsidiaries of the Company (other than the Additional Guarantor) have entered into the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of [], 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guarantee) in favor of the Purchasers;

WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement requires the Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guarantee; and

WHEREAS, the Additional Guarantor has agreed to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee;

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Guarantee. By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantor, as provided in Section 5(m) of the Guarantee, hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantor thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder. The information set forth in Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in Schedule 1 to the Guarantee. The Additional Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of the Guarantee is true and correct on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption Agreement) as if made on and as of such date.

2. Governing Law. THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

[ADDITIONALGUARANTOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex_787317.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_787317.htm

Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Blackboxstocks Inc. Signs Definitive Merger Agreement to Acquire Rare Earth Producer REalloys Inc. 

Blackbox Stockholders to Retain Approximately 7.3% of the Combined Companys Common Shares Post Merger based on REalloys Initial Valuation of $400 million

REalloys is Poised to be a Fully Integrated Mine-to-Magnet Producer for North America 

REalloys America First Initiative Focused on Providing Critical Rare Earth Magnets and Alloys for US National Defense Stockpiles 

Dallas, Texas, March 10, 2025 Blackboxstocks Inc. (NASDAQ: BLBX), (Blackbox or the Company), a financial technology and social media hybrid platform offering real-time proprietary analytics for stock and options traders, today announced it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire REalloys Inc. (REalloys), an integrated company focused on the development and production of rare earth elements (the Merger). The Merger is expected to position REalloys to become one of North Americas fully integrated leaders in rare earth high-performance magnet production, securing what REalloys' management believes to be critical supply chains for U.S. national defense, advanced technologies and infrastructure.

Anchored by the Hoidas Lake Rare Earth Deposit in Saskatchewanone of the worlds richest high-grade sources, rich in neodymium, praseodymium, dysprosium, and terbiumREalloys management anticipates its operation will become a cornerstone of the U.S. protected market supply chain. The Company believes that the Merger is a transformative leap towards a fully integrated, mine-to-magnet supply chain in North America. REalloys is committed to its America First principle, leveraging cutting-edge efficiency to provide a reliable, scalable supply of rare earth materials amid global uncertainty, with the aim reducing U.S. dependence on foreign suppliers.

David Argyle, Chief Executive Officer of REalloys, commented REalloys plans to deliver mission-critical magnets to U.S. National Defense Stockpiles and key industries on an accelerated timeline. The United States is reclaiming its dominance in the rare earth and critical minerals arena, and we believe REalloys is well-positioned to be at the forefront of this pivotal shift. We believe this partnership with Blackbox marks an important moment for Americas rare earth production independence.

Gust Kepler, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, added We are excited about this transaction with REalloys. Not only do we expect the Merger to deliver significant value for our stockholders, but we also appreciate the opportunity to be involved with helping secure a supply chain that reduces our countrys dependence on foreign adversaries for materials that are critical to our national defense. We are honored to drive this transformation, fortifying North Americas leadership in rare earth production and safeguarding our nations future.

Transaction Details

Upon closing of the Merger, it is anticipated Blackboxs and REalloys stockholders will own approximately 7.3% and 92.7%, respectively, of the combined companys shares of common stock expected to be outstanding upon closing of the Merger, based on REalloys initial valuation of $400 million.

Blackboxs stockholders of record prior to closing will receive Contingent Value Rights (CVRs) entitling them to certain net proceeds from the potential sale of Blackboxs current fintech operations within 24 months post-Merger.

Post-closing, David Argyle is expected to assume the role of Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, while Gust Kepler will continue as Chief Executive Officer of Blackbox.io, Inc., a subsidiary formed to continue the Companys historic fintech operations. REalloys will appoint five members and current management of Blackbox will appoint one member to the board of directors of the post-Merger combined company.

Blackbox and REalloys plan to work together to file a Registration Statement and Proxy Statement on Form S-4 to obtain approval of the Merger (the Merger Registration Statement). The Merger is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025 and is subject to customary closing conditions including but not limited to regulatory, lender and stockholder approval.

Winstead PC is serving as legal counsel to Blackbox. Haynes and Boone, LLP is serving as legal counsel to REalloys.

Palladium Capital Group, LLC acted as the exclusive Financial Advisor.

For additional information about the Merger, please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K that will be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 10, 2025.

About REalloys Inc. 

REalloys Inc. is an integrated company focused on the development and production of rare earth elements, with a primary asset in its 100% owned Hoidas Lake deposit located in northern Saskatchewan, Canada. The project already boasts a significant Mineral Resource Estimate of 2,153,000 tons of Total Rare Earth Oxides (TREO) in the Measured and Indicated categories, with significant potential upside. The Hoidas Lake deposit is distinguished by its unique combination of both Heavy Rare Earth Elements (HREEs), including Dysprosium, Terbium, Gadolinium, and Erbium, as well as Light Rare Earth Elements (LREEs) such as Neodymium, Praseodymium, Cerium, and Lanthanum. REalloys is strategically positioning itself by building a North American high-performance magnet supply chain tailored to U.S. protected markets. REalloys target sectors include National Defense Stockpiles, the Defense Industrial Base, Nuclear Industrial Base, robotics, electric aviation, and critical infrastructure. With a strong focus on an accelerated timeline, REalloys is committed to supporting the growing demand for these vital materials in key industries.

For more information, go to: https://realloys.com

About Blackboxstocks Inc.

Blackboxstocks Inc. is a financial technology and social media hybrid platform offering real-time proprietary analytics and news for stock and options traders of all levels. Our web-based software employs "predictive technology" enhanced by artificial intelligence to find volatility and unusual market activity that may result in the rapid change in the price of a stock or option. Blackbox continuously scans the NASDAQ, New York Stock Exchange, CBOE, and all other options markets, analyzing over 10,000 stocks and up to 1,500,000 options contracts multiple times per second. We provide our users with a fully interactive social media platform that is integrated into our dashboard, enabling our users to exchange information and ideas quickly and efficiently through a common network. We recently introduced a live audio/screenshare feature that allows our members to broadcast on their own channels to share trade strategies and market insight within the Blackbox community. Blackbox is a SaaS company with a growing base of users that spans over 40 countries; current subscription fees are $99.97 per month or $959.00 annually.

For more information, go to: https://blackboxstocks.com/

Important Information for Stockholders

This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or constitute a solicitation of any vote or approval.

In connection with the Merger, the Company and REalloys will file with the SEC the Merger Registration Statement on Form S-4, which will include (i) a preliminary prospectus of the Company relating to the offering of the securities to be issued in connection with the Merger, (ii) a preliminary proxy statement of the Company to be distributed to the Company stockholders in connection with the Companys solicitation of its stockholders approval with respect to the Merger and other matters described in the Merger Registration Statement, and (iii) a consent solicitation statement of REalloys to be distributed to the stockholders of REalloys in connection with REalloys solicitation for votes to approve the Merger. The Company and REalloys also plan to file other documents with the SEC regarding the Merger. After the Merger Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, a definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement will be mailed to the stockholders of the Company and REalloys. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND REALLOYS ARE URGED TO READ THE MERGER REGISTRATION STATEMENT, THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS/CONSENT SOLICITATION STATEMENT CONTAINED THEREIN (INCLUDING ALL AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ALL OTHER DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE MERGER THAT WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE MERGER.

Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement and other documents containing important information about the Company and REalloys once such documents are filed with the SEC, through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the documents filed by the Company may be obtained free of charge from the Companys website at https://blackboxstocks.com or by written request to the Company at Blackboxstocks Inc., 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas 75240, Attn: Corporate Secretary.

Participants in the Solicitation

The Company, REalloys and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the Companys directors and executive officers is included in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC by the Company on April 1, 2024. Additional information regarding these persons and their interests in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement relating to the proposed transaction when it is filed with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

Safe Harbor Clause and Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this press release, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, expose, intend, may, might, opportunity, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (a) those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in our filings with the SEC, including our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time; (b) that the Company and REalloys may be unable to complete the proposed Merger and related transactions because, among other reasons, conditions to the closing of the proposed transaction may not be satisfied or waived; (c) uncertainty as to the timing of completion of the proposed Merger and related transactions; (d) the inability to complete the proposed transaction due to the failure to obtain Company stockholder approval for the proposed Merger and related transactions or the failure to satisfy other conditions to completion of the proposed Merger and related transactions; (e) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement; (f) risks related to disruption of managements attention from the Companys ongoing business operations due to the proposed transaction; (g) the effect of the announcement of the proposed transaction on the Companys relationships with its customers and suppliers, and on its operating results and business generally and (h) the outcome of any legal proceedings to the extent initiated against Company, REalloys or others following the announcement of the proposed transaction, as well as the Companys and REalloys management's response to any of the aforementioned factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors in our SEC filings may not be exhaustive.

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.

Disclosure Information

Blackbox uses and intends to continue to use its Investors website at https://blackboxstocks.com/company-overview as a means of disclosing material nonpublic information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Companys Investors website, in addition to following the Companys press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts.

Contacts

Investors@blackboxstocks.com

PCG Advisory

Jeff Ramson

(646) 863-6893

jramson@pcgadvisory.com

REalloys Inc.

info@realloys.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>blbx-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>blbx-20250310_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>blbx-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, Address Line Two 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Entity, Ex Transition Period 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>blbx-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>page01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>page02.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>page03.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>page04.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 10, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity, File Number 0-55108

Entity, Tax Identification Number 45-3598066

Entity, Address, Address Line One 5430 LBJ Freeway

Entity, Address, Address Line Two Suite 1485

Entity, Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity, Address, State or Province TX

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 75240

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 726-9203

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol BLBX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company true

Entity, Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001567900

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.blbx.com/20250310/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

blbx-20250310.xsd 
blbx-20250310_def.xml 
blbx-20250310_lab.xml 
blbx-20250310_pre.xml 
blkbx20250307_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-006760-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>blkbx20250307_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001567900 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

false 
0001567900 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 
NV 
0-55108 
45-3598066 
5430 LBJ Freeway 
Suite 1485 
Dallas 
TX 
75240 
972 
726-9203 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
BLBX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>