<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001831.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001831.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108060109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001831
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AtlasClear Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001963088
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41956
		FILM NUMBER:		25516427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4030 HENDERSON BLVD., SUITE 712
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33629
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-257-9366

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4030 HENDERSON BLVD., SUITE 712
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33629

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Calculator New Pubco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230120
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000196308800019630882024-12-312024-12-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 31, 2024

AtlasClear Holdings,
Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 001-41956

(Commission 

File Number) 92-2303797

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2203 Lois Ave., Ste. 814

Tampa, FL

(Address of principal executive offices) 

33607

(Zip Code)

(727) 446-6660

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share ATCH NYSE American LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Definitive Material Agreement.

On December 31, 2024, AtlasClear Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
and Hanire, LLC (the Investor) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) for the
purchase and sale, in a private placement, of (i) up to 333,333 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), at a purchase price of $15.00 per share (after giving effect to the 1-for-60
reverse stock split effected by the Company on December 31, 2024), and (ii) a convertible promissory note (the Note) in
the principal amount of up to $40 million (plus any amount by which the aggregate purchase price paid by the Investor for the Shares is
less than $5 million as a result of the Share Limit, as defined below). To the extent the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor
at the Closing would cause the Investor to own more than 19.9% of the Companys outstanding voting stock, the number of Shares will
be reduced such that the number of Shares is equal to 19.9% of the total outstanding voting stock (the Share Limit). The
consummation of the issuance and sale of the Shares and the Note (the Closing) is to occur at such time as agreed to by
the Company and the Investor on or before January 31, 2025 (subject to extension by up to 15 days by the Investor), subject to customary
closing conditions.

The Note will provide for the Investor to loan funds, up to the aggregate
maximum principal amount of the Note, in tranches, as follows: (i) $5 million (plus any amount by which the aggregate purchase price paid
by the Investor for the Shares is less than $5 million as a result of the Share Limit) at the Closing, (ii) $12.5 million upon the Company
securing a settlement of amounts outstanding to the principal owners of Wilson-Davis, (iii) $7.5 million at such time as the Company files
a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or annual report on Form 10-K that shows that the Company has achieved positive net income on a consolidated
basis in the most recent reporting period, and (iv) $15.0 million at such time as the Company receives approval from all regulatory authorities
to acquire Commercial Bancorp of Wyoming. Unpaid principal amounts under the Note will accrue simple interest at a rate of 12.0% per annum,
payable commencing three months after the initial draw and thereafter quarterly until the maturity date of January 31, 2028. The unpaid
principal amount and all accrued interest under the Note is convertible at any time after certain conditions are met (including receipt
of stockholder approval for the issuance of shares upon conversion), at the option of the Investor, into shares of Common Stock (the Conversion
Shares) at a conversion rate equal to 60% of the volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 20-consecutive trading
day period immediately prior to the conversion date.

In connection with the execution the Purchase Agreement the Company
and the Investor entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the
Company agreed to file, promptly (and in any event within 30 days) after the Closing, a registration statement covering the resale of
all of the Shares and the Conversion Shares. The Company also agreed to use reasonable best efforts to have such registration statement
declared effective within a specified period of time after filing (the Effectiveness Deadline). Under certain circumstances,
including the Companys failure to file the registration statement within such 30-day deadline or the failure of the registration
statement to have been declared effective by the Effectiveness Deadline, the Company will have the obligation to pay liquidated damages
in an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount paid for the applicable registrable securities for each 30-day period that the applicable
default continues, subject to a cap of 5% of the aggregate purchase price paid for the applicable securities.

The Shares, the Note and the Conversion Shares (collectively,
the Securities) have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. The
Company is relying on the private placement exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and
by Rule 506 of Regulation D, and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws. No form of general solicitation or general
advertising was conducted in connection with the issuance. The Securities will contain restrictive legends preventing the sale, transfer,
or other disposition of such securities, unless registered under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an exemption therefrom.

The foregoing summaries of the terms of the Purchase
Agreement, the form of Note and the Registration Rights Agreement are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, such documents,
copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and which are incorporated herein by reference.

On January 7, 2025, the Company and Funicular
Funds, LP (Funicular) entered into an Amendment, Waiver and Consent (the Amendment). Pursuant to the Amendment,
the Company and Funicular agreed to certain amendments to the secured promissory note, in the original principal amount of $6 million
(the Secured Note), and the registration rights agreement (the Funicular RRA), in each case entered into between
them on February 9, 2024, including an extension of the maturity date of the Secured Note from November 9, 2025 to January 31, 2028. In
addition, Funicular agreed to waive certain defaults by the Company under the Secured Note and the Funicular RRA and consented to the
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

The foregoing summary of the Amendment is subject
to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Amendment, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and incorporated hereby by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K with respect to the Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Securities is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On
December 31, 2024, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting) in connection with the Wilson-Davis
Stock Issuance Proposal, Chardan Stock Issuance Proposal, Funicular Stock Issuance Proposal, Winston & Strawn Stock Issuance Proposal,
Tau Stock Issuance Proposal, Reverse Stock Split Proposal, and Equity Incentive Plan Amendment Proposal, each as defined and described
in the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the SEC on December 19, 2024 (the Proxy Statement). 

On
November 22, 2024, the record date for the Special Meeting, there were an aggregate of 23,275,171 shares of Common Stock entitled to be
voted at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting, 8,898,486 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 38.2% of the shares entitled
to vote at the Special Meeting, were represented in person or by proxy. 

At
the Special Meeting, the Companys stockholders approved the Wilson-Davis Stock Issuance Proposal, Chardan Stock Issuance Proposal,
Funicular Stock Issuance Proposal, Winston & Strawn Stock Issuance Proposal, Tau Stock Issuance Proposal, and Equity Incentive Plan
Amendment Proposal, in each case, as defined and described in greater detail in the Proxy Statement. The Reverse Stock Split Proposal
was not approved. Set forth below are the final voting results for each proposal:

Wilson-Davis Stock
Issuance Proposal

The
proposal to approve the issuance of up to an aggregate of up to 213,296,850 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per
share (the Common Stock), to the sellers of Wilson-Davis & Co., Inc., pursuant to amendments to the Stock Purchase Agreement,
dated as of April, 15, 2022, by and among Wilson-Davis, all of its stockholders and the Company, pursuant to which the Company issued
short-term convertible promissory notes and long-term convertible promissory notes to the Wilson-Davis Sellers, which amount would be
in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock, in accordance with NYSE American Rule 713(a)(ii).
The voting results of the shares of Common Stock were as follows: 

For Against Abstentions

8,735,133 163,253 100

Chardan Stock Issuance
Proposal 

The
proposal to approve the issuance of up to 39,282,309 shares of Common Stock that may become issuable to Chardan Capital Markets LLC pursuant
to a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $5,209,764, which amount would be in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Companys Common Stock, in accordance with NYSE American Rule 713(a)(ii). The voting results of the shares of Common
Stock were as follows: 

For Against Abstentions

8,735,083 163,303 100

Funicular Stock
Issuance Proposal 

The
proposal to approve the issuance of up to 120,000,000 shares of Common Stock that may become issuable to Funicular Funds, LP, pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2024, between AtlasClear Holdings and Quantum, pursuant to which the Company
issued to Funicular a secured convertible promissory note in the amount of $6,000,000 in a private placement, which amount would be in
excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock, in accordance with NYSE American Rule 713(a)(ii).
The voting results of the shares of Common Stock were as follows: 

For Against Abstentions

8,745,133 153,253 100

Winston & Strawn
Stock Issuance Proposal 

The
proposal to approve the issuance of up to 11,623,235 shares of Common Stock that may become issuable to Winston & Strawn LLP, pursuant
to a subscription agreement, dated as of February 9, 2024, between Winston & Strawn and the Company, which amount would be in excess
of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock, in accordance with NYSE American Rule 713(a)(ii)The
voting results of the shares of Common Stock were as follows: 

For Against Abstentions

8,735,083 163,303 100

Tau Stock Issuance
Proposal 

The
proposal to approve the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock that may be issued to an investor, Tau Investment Partners
LLC, pursuant to an at-the-market agreement entered into between the Company and Tau, dated as of July 31, 2024, which amount would be
in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Companys Common Stock, in accordance with NYSE American Rule 713(a)(ii).
The voting results of the shares of Common Stock were as follows: 

For Against Abstentions

8,745,083 153,303 100

Reverse Stock Split
Proposal 

The
proposal to approve an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reclassification
and conversion of each outstanding share of Common Stock into one-third of a share of Common Stock (e.g., a 1-for-3 reverse stock split),
and authorize our Board of Directors to implement or abandon the Reverse Stock Split Amendment no later than November 30, 2025. The voting
results of the shares of Common Stock were as follows: 

For Against Abstentions

8,715,152 183,184 150

Equity Incentive
Plan Amendment Proposal 

The
proposal to approve an amendment to the AtlasClear Holdings, Inc. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan. The voting results of the shares of Common
Stock were as follows: 

For Against Abstentions

8,678,993 197,893 21,600

Item 8.01. Other Items.

On December 30, 2024,
the Company filed the Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation previously approved by the Companys
stockholders to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 100,000,000 shares to 500,000,000 shares and the number
of authorized shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, from 1,000,000 shares to 25,000,000 shares (the Authorized
Share Increase Amendment). On December 31, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, previously approved by the Companys stockholders to effect a reclassification and conversion of each outstanding
share of Common Stock into one-sixtieth of a share of Common Stock (the Reverse Stock Split Amendment). Copies of the Authorized
Share Increase Amendment and the Reverse Stock Split Amendment are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Exhibit Title or Description

3.1 Certificate
of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AtlasClear Holdings, Inc., dated December 30, 2024.

3.2 Certificate
of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AtlasClear Holdings, Inc., dated December 31, 2024.

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated December 31, 2024, by and among AtlasClear Holdings, Inc. and Hanire, LLC

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement,
dated December 31, 2024, by and among AtlasClear Holdings, Inc. and Hanire, LLC

10.3 Convertible Promissory Note,
dated December 31, 2024, by and between AtlasClear Holdings, Inc. and Hanire, LLC

10.4 Amendment, Waiver and Consent
by and between AtlasClear Holdings, Inc. and Funicular Funds, LP

104 Cover Page Interactive Data
File (embedded within the Inline XBRL).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: January 7, 2025 

/s/ John Schaible

Name: John Schaible

Title: Executive Chairman
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

AtlasClear Holdings, Inc.,
a corporation duly organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the Corporation),
does hereby certify that:

1. The
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended by replacing Section 1.1 with the following:

1.1 The total number of shares of all
classes of stock that the Corporation has authority to issue is 525,000,000 shares, consisting of 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock,
$0.0001 par value per share (Common Stock), and 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Preferred
Stock).

2. The
foregoing amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly executed by an authorized
officer of the Corporation on December 30, 2024.

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

/s/ John Schaible

John Schaible

Executive Chairman
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

OF

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

AtlasClear Holdings, Inc.,
a corporation duly organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the Corporation),
does hereby certify that:

1. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended by inserting the following paragraph at the end of ARTICLE IV thereof:

Section 5. Upon this Certificate of
Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation becoming effective pursuant to the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the Effective Time), each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be automatically reclassified as and converted into one-sixtieth (1/60) of a share of Common Stock.
Any stock certificate that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented shares of Common Stock shall, from and after the Effective
Time, automatically and without the necessity of presenting the same for exchange, represent that number of shares of Common Stock as
equals the product obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock represented by such certificate immediately prior to the
Effective Time by one-sixtieth (1/60).

2. The foregoing amendment was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly executed by an authorized
officer of the Corporation on December 31, 2024.

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

/s/ John Schaible

John Schaible

Executive Chairman
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of December 31, 2024, by and among AtlasClear Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each of the entities listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each,
an Investor and together, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Investors are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act;

WHEREAS, the Company
desires to sell to the Investors, and each Investor desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, (A) Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares (the Shares) of the Companys
common stock, par value $.0001 per share (the Common Stock) (subject to adjustment for any stock split, reverse split,
recapitalization or similar transaction occurring prior to issuance), and (B) the Convertible Promissory Note substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Note and, together with the Shares, the Securities);
and

WHEREAS, contemporaneously
with the sale of the Shares and the Note, the parties hereto will execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide certain registration rights in respect
of the Shares and the shares issuable upon conversion of the Note under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the Company and each Investor, severally and not
jointly, agree as follows:

2.Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Amended and Restated
Bylaws means the Bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect.

Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation means the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect.

Benefit Plan
or Benefit Plans means employee benefit plans as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and all other employee benefit
practices or arrangements, including, without limitation, any such practices or arrangements providing severance pay, sick leave, vacation
pay, salary continuation for disability, retirement benefits, deferred compensation, bonus pay, incentive pay, stock options or other
stock-based compensation, hospitalization insurance, medical insurance, life insurance, scholarships or tuition reimbursements, maintained
by the Company or to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is obligated to contribute for employees or former employees of the
Company and its subsidiaries.

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Closing Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Stock
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation,
any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or
otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Confidential Data
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.30.

Conversion Shares
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4.

Disclosure Document
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

Disqualification
Event has the meaning set forth in Sections 3.26 and 4.14.

Environmental Laws
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15.

ERISA
means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Exchange Act
means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Financial Statements
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b).

2

Fundamental Representations
means the representations and warranties made by the Company in Sections 3.1 (Organization and Power), 3.2 (Capitalization),
3.4 (Authorization), 3.5 (Valid Issuance), 3.6 (No Conflict), 3.7 (Consents), 3.8 (SEC Filings; Financial
Statements), 3.18 (New York Stock Exchange), 3.19 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act), 3.23 (Price Stabilization of Common Stock),
3.22 (Investment Company Act), 3.23 (General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation), 3.24 (Brokers and Finders),
3.25 (Reliance by the Investors), 3.26 (No Disqualification Events), 3.27 (Other Covered Persons) and 3.28 (No
Additional Agreements). 

GAAP
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b).

GDPR
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.31.

Governmental Authorizations
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11.

Indemnified Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9.

Intellectual Property
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12.

Investor
and Investors have the meanings set forth in the recitals.

Issuer Covered
Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26.

IT Systems
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.30.

Material Adverse
Effect means any change, event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence or effect that, individually or in the aggregate,
(a) was, is, or would reasonably be expected to be, materially adverse to the business, financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities,
stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) materially delays or
materially impairs the ability of the Company to comply, or prevents the Company from complying, with its obligations under this Agreement,
the other Transaction Agreements, or with respect to the Closing, or would reasonably be expected to do so.

National Exchange
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question, together
with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market
and the Nasdaq Capital Market.

NYSE American
means the NYSE American Stock Exchange.

Person
means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association,
joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Personal Data
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.30.

Privacy Laws
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.31.

Privacy Statements
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.31.

Process
or Processing has the meaning set forth in Section 3.31.

3

Registration Rights
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(j).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule
or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC means
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports
means (a) the Companys most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and (b) all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports
on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company following the end of the most recent fiscal year for which an Annual Report
on Form 10-K has been filed and prior to the execution of this Agreement, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference
therein or exhibits thereto.

Securities
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Securities Act
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

Short Sales
include, without limitation, (a) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange
Act, whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls,
short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements
(including on a total return basis), and (b) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers
(but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

Tax Returns
means returns, reports, information statements and other documentation (including any additional or supporting material) filed or maintained,
or required to be filed or maintained, in connection with the calculation, determination, assessment or collection of any Tax and shall
include any amended returns required as a result of examination adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service or other Tax authority.

Tax or
Taxes means any and all federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes, levies, fees, imposts, duties and charges
of whatever kind (including any interest, penalties or additions to the tax imposed in connection therewith or with respect thereto),
whether or not imposed on the Company, including, without limitation, taxes imposed on, or measured by, income, franchise, profits or
gross receipts, and also ad valorem, value added, sales, use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll, withholding,
employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation,
premium, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes and customs duties.

Transaction Agreements
means this Agreement, the Note, and the Registration Rights Agreement.

4

Transfer Agent
means, with respect to the Common Stock, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, or such other financial institution that provides
transfer agent services as the Company may engage from time to time.

3.Purchase and Sale of Securities.

3.1Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees
to sell, and the Investors, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, the number and type of Securities, for the aggregate purchase
price, set forth opposite the Investors name on Exhibit A. The price per Share is $0.25 (subject to adjustment for any stock
split, reverse split, recapitalization or similar transaction occurring prior to issuance). The Note shall be funded in accordance with
the terms of the Note.

3.2Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 5.6 of this Agreement, each
closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities (each, a Closing and the date on which a Closing occurs, the Closing
Date) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures at such time as agreed to by the Company and the Investors,
provided that the Closing of the issuance of the Note and the Initial Draw (as defined in the Note) shall occur no later than January
31, 2025 (subject to extension by up to 15 days by written notice of the Investors given on or prior to January 20, 2025). At the Closing,
(a) the Shares shall be issued and registered in the name of the Investor, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Investor,
representing the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor at such Closing as set forth in Exhibit A and (b) the Company
shall deliver to the Investor (or such Investors designated custodian per its delivery instructions), or in such nominee name(s)
as designated by such Investor, against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company
of immediately available funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company to the Investors
no less than one Business Day prior to the Closing. To the extent the number of Shares to be purchased by the Investor would cause the
Investor to own more than 19.9% of the Companys outstanding voting stock, the number of Shares shall be reduced, and the amount
of the Note shall be increased (and such amount available on the Initial Tranche) such that the aggregate amount available to the Company
shall remain at $45,000,000. On the Closing Date, the Investor shall fund the Initial Tranche (as defined in the Note). On the Closing
Date, the Company will cause the Transfer Agent to issue the Shares in book-entry form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends
(except as expressly provided in Section 4.10). In the event that the Closing has not occurred within one Business Day after the
expected Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such Investor, the Company shall promptly (but no later than one Business
Day thereafter) return the previously wired amounts to each respective Investor by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately
available funds to the account specified by each Investor, and any book entries for the Securities shall be deemed cancelled; provided
that, unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 7, such return of funds shall not terminate this Agreement
or relieve such Investor of its obligation to purchase, or the Company of its obligation to issue and sell, the Securities at the Closing.

4.Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports (other than as to the Fundamental
Representations, which are not so qualified), the Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Investors that the statements
contained in this Section 3 are true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date (except for the representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date).

5

4.1Organization and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business
as now conducted and described in the SEC Reports and is qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties
or the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where such failure to be in good standing or to have such power and
authority or to so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Companys subsidiaries
is (i) duly incorporated and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the
requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own or lease its properties and (ii) qualified to do business
as a foreign corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, except in each case as would
not cause a Material Adverse Effect.

4.2Capitalization. The Companys disclosure of its authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock in the SEC Reports
containing such disclosure was accurate in all material respects as of the date indicated in such SEC Reports. All of the issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. None of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of any preemptive or other similar rights of any securityholder of the Company
which have not been waived, and such shares were issued in compliance in all material respects with applicable state and federal securities
law and any rights of third parties.

4.3Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction Agreements or as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company is
presently not under any obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently
outstanding securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued, other than such rights and obligations that have expired
or been satisfied or waived.

4.4Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Agreements and
to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements, including the issuance and sale of the Securities
and the issuance of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note (the Conversion Shares). All
corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization of the Securities
and the Conversion Shares, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Securities and the Conversion Shares, has been taken. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each Investor
and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each Investor, this Agreement and the Note constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or
by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Upon its execution
by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes legal, valid and binding agreements of the other parties
thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

6

4.5Valid Issuance. The Shares being purchased by the Investors hereunder have been duly and validly authorized and, upon issuance
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as
provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws), and the holder
of the Shares shall be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. The Conversion Shares have been duly and validly authorized
and reserved for issuance and, upon issuance pursuant to the terms of the Note, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions
on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws), and the holder of the Conversion Shares shall be entitled to all rights
accorded to a holder of Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Investors in Section
4, the offer and sale of the Securities to the Investors is and will be in compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration
and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements of applicable securities
laws of the states of the United States.

4.6No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Company, the issuance and sale
of the Securities and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements will not (i) violate any provision
of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, (ii) conflict with or result in
a violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a benefit under any agreement or instrument, credit facility,
franchise, license, judgment, order, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or their respective properties or assets, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) and the rules and regulations of any self-regulatory
organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

7

4.7Consents. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors, no consent, approval, authorization,
filing with or order of or registration with, any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the authorization,
execution or delivery by the Company of the Transaction Agreements, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the performance by the
Company of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except such as (a) have been or will be obtained or made under the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, (b) the filing of any requisite notices and/or application(s) to the National Exchange for the issuance
and sale of the Shares or the Conversion Shares and the listing of the Shares or the Conversion Shares for trading or quotation, as the
case may be, thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (c) customary post-closing filings with the SEC or pursuant to state securities
laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or the Conversion Shares by the Company in the manner contemplated herein, which
will be filed on a timely basis, and (d) the filing of the registration statement required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement,
or (e) such that the failure of which to obtain would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All notices, consents, authorizations, orders,
filings and registrations which the Company is required to deliver or obtain prior to the Closing pursuant to the preceding sentence have
been obtained or made or will be delivered or obtained or effected, and shall remain in full force and effect, on or prior to the Closing.

4.8SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

(a)The Company has filed all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the SEC under
Section 13, 14(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act for the one year preceding the date of this Agreement. As of the time it was filed with
the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the filed
SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act , and, as of the time they were filed
, none of the filed SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
There are no outstanding or unresolved comments from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the Companys knowledge,
none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review.

(b)The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (collectively, the Financial Statements)
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto
as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement) and fairly present in all material respects
the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates indicated, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the
periods therein specified, all in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) (except
as otherwise noted therein, and in the case of unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the
unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments) applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods therein specified (unless otherwise noted therein). Except as set forth in the Financial Statements filed
prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except (i) those incurred
in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices since the date of such financial statements or (ii) liabilities not
required under GAAP to be reflected in the Financial Statements, in either case, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, have
had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

8

4.9Absence of Changes. Between February 9, 2024 and the date of this Agreement, (a) the Company has conducted its business
only in the ordinary course of business and there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for the execution
and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto); (b) no material change to any material
contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or properties is subject has been entered into that
has not been disclosed in the SEC Reports; and (c) there has not been any other event or condition of any character that has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that none of the following will be deemed in themselves,
either alone or in combination, to constitute, and that none of the following will be taken into account in determining whether there
has been or will be, a Material Adverse Effect under this Section 3.9:

(i) any
change generally affecting the economy, financial markets or political, economic or regulatory conditions in the United States or any
other geographic region in which the Company conducts business, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(ii) general
financial, credit or capital market conditions, including interest rates or exchange rates, or any changes therein, provided that the
Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(iii) any
change that generally affects industries in which the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business, provided that the Company is not
disproportionately affected thereby;

(iv) earthquakes,
hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions, global pandemics, including
the COVID-19 pandemic and related strains, epidemic or similar health emergency, and other force majeure events in the United States or
any other location, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected thereby;

(v) national
or international political or social conditions (or changes in such conditions), whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national
emergency or war, or the occurrence of any military or terrorist attack, provided that the Company is not disproportionately affected
thereby;

(vi) material
changes in laws after the date of this Agreement; and

(vii) in
and of itself, any material failure by the Company to meet any published or internally prepared estimates of revenues, expenses, earnings
or other economic performance for any period ending on or after the date of this Agreement (it being understood that the facts and circumstances
giving rise to such failure may be deemed to constitute, and may be taken into account in determining whether there has been, a Material
Adverse Effect to the extent that such facts and circumstances are not otherwise described in clauses (i)-(v) of this definition).

9

4.10Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding, arbitration, claim, investigation, charge, complaint or inquiry
pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries which, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any orders, writs, injunctions, judgments
or decrees outstanding of any court or government agency or instrumentality and binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that
have had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any director or officer of the Company or any subsidiary, is, or within the last
ten years has been, the subject of any action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws relating
to the Company or such subsidiary or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty relating to the Company or such subsidiary.

4.11Compliance with Law; Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of, or has received any notices
of violations with respect to, any laws, statutes, ordinances, rules or regulations of any governmental body, court or government agency
or instrumentality, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have all required licenses, permits, certificates and other authorizations
(collectively, Governmental Authorizations) from such federal, state or local government or governmental agency,
department or body that are currently necessary for the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently conducted,
except where the failure to possess currently such Governmental Authorizations has not had and is not reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has received any written (or, to the Companys knowledge, oral) notice regarding
any revocation or material modification of any such Governmental Authorization, which, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject
of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, has or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

4.12Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own, or have rights to use, all material inventions, patent applications,
patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, service marks, copyrights, trade secrets, know how (including unpatented and/or unpatentable
proprietary of confidential information, systems or procedures) and other intellectual property as described in the SEC Reports necessary
for, or used in the conduct of their respective businesses (including as described in the SEC Reports) (collectively, Intellectual
Property), except where any failure to own, possess or acquire such Intellectual Property has not had, and would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Intellectual Property of the Company and its subsidiaries
has not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. To the Companys
knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property, including no liens, security interests, or other
encumbrances; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual Property, except, in each case, which, individually
or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No action, suit, or other proceeding
is pending, or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened: (A) challenging the Companys or its subsidiaries rights
in or to any Intellectual Property; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Intellectual Property; or (C) alleging
that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, trade name, service
name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, except, in each case, which, individually or in the aggregate, have
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries have complied in all
material respects with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries in all material respects, and to the Companys knowledge all such agreements are in full force and effect. To the
Companys knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the patents or patent applications included in the Intellectual Property.
The Company and its subsidiaries have taken all reasonable steps to protect, maintain and safeguard their Intellectual Property.

10

4.13Employee Benefits. Except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Benefit Plan has
been established and administered in accordance with its terms and in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code, the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Company and its
subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regarding employment, except for
any failures to comply that are not reasonably likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no
labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or its subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
which may interfere with the business activities of the Company, except where such dispute, strike or work stoppage is not reasonably
likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.14Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and foreign income Tax Returns and other Tax Returns
required to have been filed under applicable law (or extensions have been duly obtained) and have paid all Taxes required to have been
paid by them, except for those which are being contested in good faith and except where failure to file such Tax Returns or pay such Taxes
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No assessment in connection with
United States federal tax returns has been made against the Company. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company in
respect of any income and corporation tax liability for any years not finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or reassessments
for additional income tax for any years not finally determined, except to the extent of any inadequacy that would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect. No audits, examinations, or other proceedings with respect to any material amounts of Taxes of the Company and its subsidiaries
are presently in progress or have been asserted or proposed in writing without subsequently being paid, settled or withdrawn. There are
no liens on any of the assets of the Company. At all times since inception, the Company has been and continues to be classified as a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been a United States real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)-2 during the period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii).

4.15Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances
or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received all permits and other Governmental
Authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their business and (iii) are in compliance with all terms
and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required
permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has received since January 1, 2023, any written notice or other communication (in writing or otherwise), whether from a governmental authority
or other Person, that alleges that the Company or any subsidiary is not in compliance with any Environmental Law and, to the knowledge
of the Company, there are no circumstances that may prevent or interfere with the Companys or any subsidiarys compliance
in any material respects with any Environmental Law in the future, except where such failure to comply would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company: (i) no current or (during the time a prior property was leased or
controlled by the Company) prior property leased or controlled by the Company or any subsidiary has received since January 1, 2023, any
written notice or other communication relating to property owned or leased at any time by the Company, whether from a governmental authority,
or other Person, that alleges that such current or prior owner or the Company or any subsidiary is not in compliance with or violated
any Environmental Law relating to such property and (ii) the Company has no material liability under any Environmental Law.

11

4.16Title. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to all personal property owned by it that
is material to the business of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially affect
the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its subsidiaries,
as the case may be. Any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or its subsidiaries is held under valid, subsisting
and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
property and buildings by the Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. The Company does not own any real property.

4.17Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in such amounts and covering such risks that
is customary for comparably situated companies and is adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its real and personal
properties (owned or leased) and tangible assets, and each of such insurance policies is in full force and effect and the Company is in
compliance in all material respects with the terms of such insurance policies. Other than customary end-of-policy notifications from insurance
carriers, since January 1, 2023, the Company has not received any notice or other communication regarding any actual or possible: (i)
cancellation or invalidation of any material insurance policy or (ii) refusal or denial of any coverage, reservation of rights or rejection
of any material claim under any insurance policy.

4.18Stock Exchange. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act and are listed for trading on the NYSE American under the symbol ATCH. The Company is in compliance with all listing
requirements of NYSE American applicable to the Company. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by NYSE American or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or
terminate the listing of the Common Stock on the NYSE American or to deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company has
taken no action as of the date of this Agreement that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange
Act.

4.19Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is, and since February 9, 2024 has been, in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

12

4.20Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including
policies and procedures sufficient to provide reasonable assurance (i) that the Company maintains records that in reasonable detail accurately
and fairly reflect the Companys transactions and dispositions of assets, (ii) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) that receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and the Board and (iv) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
Companys assets that could have a material effect on the Companys financial statements. Except as disclosed in the Companys
SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has not identified any material weaknesses in the design or operation
of the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Companys disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that all information (both
financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such information
is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

4.21Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken, nor will it take, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares.

4.22Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities will not be, an
investment company within the meaning of the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

4.23General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the
Company to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities
Act) of investors with respect to offers or sales of Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has not, directly or indirectly,
sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act)
which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Securities sold pursuant to this Agreement for purposes of the Securities
Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the rules and
regulations of the NYSE American. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Investors set forth in Section
4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, its subsidiaries nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would adversely
affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the exemption from registration
for the transactions contemplated hereby.

13

4.24Brokers and Finders. Neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has retained,
utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.25Reliance by the Investors. The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations set forth in this Section
3. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Companys compliance
with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set forth herein.

4.26No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any of its (i) predecessors, (ii) Affiliates, (iii) directors, (iv)
executive officers, (v) non-executive officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) beneficial owners of
20% or more of its outstanding voting equity securities (calculated on the basis of voting power), (vii) promoters or (viii) investment
managers (including any of such investment managers directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated
by this Agreement) or general partners or managing members of such investment managers (including any of such general partners
or managing members directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement) (each,
an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to the disqualification
provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of Regulation D under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event). The Company
has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Investors a copy of
any disclosures provided thereunder.

4.27Other Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent(s), the Company
is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration
for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

4.28No Additional Agreements. There are no agreements or understandings between the Company and any Investor with respect to
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than (i) as specified in the Transaction Agreements and (ii) any side
letter agreements with any of the Investors, which side letters the Company has shared with all Investors.

4.29Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Company, its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company,
any of their respective officers, directors, supervisors, managers, agents, or employees are and have at all times been in compliance
with and its participation in the offering will not violate: (A) anti-bribery laws, including but not limited to, any applicable law,
rule, or regulation of any locality, including but not limited to any law, rule, or regulation promulgated to implement the OECD Convention
on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, signed December 17, 1997, including the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or any other law, rule or regulation of similar purposes
and scope or (B) anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, applicable federal, state, international, foreign or other
laws, regulations or government guidance regarding anti-money laundering, including, without limitation, Title 18 US. Code sections 1956
and 1957, the Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and international anti-money laundering principles or procedures by an intergovernmental
group or organization, such as the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, of which the United States is a member and with which
designation the United States representative to the group or organization continues to concur, all as amended, and any executive order,
directive, or regulation pursuant to the authority of any of the foregoing, or any orders or licenses issued thereunder.

14

4.30Cybersecurity. The Company and its subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems,
networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for,
and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries
as currently conducted, and are free and clear of all material Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other malicious code. The Company
and its subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls designed
to maintain and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, privacy and security of all sensitive, confidential or regulated
data (Confidential Data) used or maintained in connection with their businesses and Personal Data (defined below),
and the integrity, availability continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems. Personal Data means
the following data used in connection with the Companys and its subsidiaries businesses and in their possession or control:
(i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or other tax identification
number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number or bank information; (ii) information that identifies or may
reasonably be used to identify an individual; (iii) any information that would qualify as protected health information under
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (iv) any information that would qualify as personal data, personal
information (or similar term) under the Privacy Laws. To the Companys knowledge, there have been no breaches, outages or
unauthorized uses of or accesses to the Companys IT Systems, Confidential Data, or Personal Data that would require notification
under Privacy Laws (as defined below).

4.31Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance
with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, storage,
retention, disclosure, transfer, disposal, or any other processing (collectively Process or Processing)
of Personal Data, including without limitation HIPAA, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation
(EU) No. 2016/679), all other local, state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws relating to the regulation of the Company
or its subsidiaries, and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof (collectively,
the Privacy Laws). To ensure material compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and its subsidiaries have in
place, comply with, and take all appropriate steps necessary to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures
relating to data privacy and security, and the Processing of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Privacy Statements).
The Company and its subsidiaries have, except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, at all times since inception provided accurate notice of their Privacy Statements then in effect to its customers, employees,
third party vendors and representatives. None of such disclosures made or contained in any Privacy Statements have been materially inaccurate,
misleading, incomplete, or in material violation of any Privacy Laws.

15

4.32Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on
the one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to
be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described.

5.Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor, severally for itself and not jointly with any other Investor,
represents and warrants to the Company and the Placement Agent that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct
as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date:

5.1Organization. The Investor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its organization and has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now
conducted.

5.2Authorization. The Investor has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. All
corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Investor or its stockholders, members or partners necessary for the authorization,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation
of the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement has been taken. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the
Transaction Agreements to which such Investor is a party has been duly authorized and each has been duly executed. Assuming this Agreement
constitutes the legal and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Investor,
enforceable against such Investor in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited or otherwise affected
by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of
creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity
or at law).

5.3No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by the Investor, the purchase of the
Securities in accordance with their terms and the consummation by the Investor of the other transactions contemplated hereby will not
conflict with or result in any violation of, breach or default by such Investor (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under,
conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to
a loss of a material benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational documents of the Investor, including, without limitation, its
incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or (ii) any
agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations,
applicable to such Investor or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not, individually or
in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to materially delay or hinder the ability of the Investor to perform its obligations under the
Transaction Agreements.

5.4Residency. The Investors residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to
the Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below the Investors name on Exhibit A, except
as otherwise communicated by the Investor to the Company.

16

5.5Brokers and Finders. The Investor has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay.

5.6Investment Representations and Warranties. The Investor hereby represents and warrants that, it (i) as of the date of this
Agreement is, if an entity, a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional
accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act;
or (ii) if an individual, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities
Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection with
an investment in the Securities. The Investor further represents and warrants that (x) it is capable of evaluating the merits and risk
of such investment, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities and is an institutional
account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). The Investor understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has
not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon federal and state
exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment
intent and the accuracy of the Investors representations as expressed herein.

5.7Intent. The Investor is purchasing the Securities solely for the Investors own account and not for the account of
others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Investor has
no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act
without prejudice, however, to the Investors right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Investor is purchasing the Securities
as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, the Investor has full investment discretion with respect to each such account,
and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such
account. The Investor has no present arrangement to sell the Securities to or through any person or entity. The Investor understands that
the Securities must be held indefinitely unless such Securities are resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act
or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by the Investor
to hold the Securities for any period of time.

5.8Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic Risks. The Investor acknowledges that it can
bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Securities and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities,
taxation, investments and other business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments of the kind described
in this Agreement and contemplated hereby, and the Investor has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business
and tax advice as the Investor has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. The Investor acknowledges that the Investor
(i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of evaluating investment
risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities
and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Securities. The Investor acknowledges
that the Investor is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including those
set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), the Investor has adequately
analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment
for the Investor. The Investor is, at this time and in the foreseeable future, able to afford the loss of the Investors entire
investment in the Securities and the Investor acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists.

17

5.9Independent Investment Decision. The Investor understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials
presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Investor in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment
advice. The Investor has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in such Investors sole discretion, has deemed
necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities.

5.10Securities Not Registered; Legends. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Securities are being offered in a transaction
not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the Investor understands that the Securities have not
been registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act, and that the Securities must continue to be held and may not be offered, resold, transferred, pledged or otherwise
disposed of by the Investor unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration
and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. The Investor understands that the
exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend
on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements
relating to the Company which are outside of the Investors control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that,
if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it has been
advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities. The Investor
acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings
or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

The Investor understands that
any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Securities may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and
substance:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY
STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III)
THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE
(WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

18

In addition, the Securities
may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Investor, if applicable.

5.11No General Solicitation. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor is purchasing the Securities directly from
the Company. Investor became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact from the Placement Agent or directly
from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the Company or the Placement Agent, and/or their respective
advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons,
representatives, affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, and/or employees, and/or the representatives of such persons. The
Securities were offered to Investor solely by direct contact between Investor and the Company, the Placement Agent and/or their respective
representatives. Investor did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to Investor, by any
other means, and none of the Company, the Placement Agent and/or their respective representatives acted as investment advisor, broker
or dealer to Investor. The Investor is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any general or public solicitation or general advertising,
or publicly disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine
or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or
general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

5.12Access to Information. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Investor and the Investors professional advisor(s),
if any, have had the opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such information from the Company regarding the
Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities as the Investor and the Investors professional
advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities and that the Investor has independently
made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted
by the Investor shall modify, limit or otherwise affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement.

5.13Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the Investor has not, nor has any
Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Investor, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales,
including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Investor was first contacted
by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Investor that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers
manage separate portions of such Investors assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions
made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Investors assets, the representation set forth above shall only
apply with respect to the portion of the assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities
covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to its advisors and agents who had a need to know such
information, the Investor has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including
the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute
a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available
shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

19

5.14Disqualification Event. To the extent the Investor is one of the covered persons identified in Rule 506(d)(1), the Investor
represents that no disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event)
is applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties (as defined below), except, if applicable, for a Disqualification
Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. The Investor hereby agrees that it shall notify the Company promptly
in writing in the event a Disqualification Event becomes applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties, except,
if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. For purposes of this Section,
Rule 506(d) Related Party means a person or entity that is a beneficial owner of the Investors securities
for purposes of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.

6.Covenants.

6.1Further Assurances. Each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers, employees, attorneys,
accountants and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate
the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and compliance with applicable law,
including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties
hereto in complying with the terms of this Agreement. The Investor acknowledges that the Company will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Investor agrees to promptly notify the
Company if any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this
Agreement are no longer accurate.

6.2Listing. From the date hereof until the earlier of (a) the Maturity Date (as defined in the Note) and (b) any sale or liquidation
of the Company, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the NYSE
American or another National Exchange and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of NYSE American or other applicable
National Exchange.

20

6.3Disclosure of Transactions. The Company shall, by 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately
following the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (including all exhibits thereto, the Disclosure
Document) disclosing (i) all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements
and attaching this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as exhibits to such Disclosure Document, and (ii) all material non-public
information concerning the Company disclosed to the Investors. Following the filing of the Disclosure Document, no Investor shall be in
possession of any material non-public information concerning the Company disclosed to the Investors by the Company or its representatives.
The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting securities transactions.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Investor or any of
its affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Investor or any of its affiliates or advisers in any press release or filing with
the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement) or any regulatory agency, without the
prior written consent of the Investor, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement
contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction Agreements with the SEC or pursuant to other
routine proceedings of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of
the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of the NYSE American.

6.4Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the
Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities
for purposes of the rules and regulations of any National Exchange such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

6.5Removal of Legends.

(a)In connection with any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Shares or Conversion Shares by an Investor pursuant
to Rule 144 or pursuant to any other exemption under the Securities Act such that the purchaser acquires freely tradable shares and upon
compliance by the Investor with the requirements of this Agreement, if requested by the Investor by notice to the Company, the Company
shall request the Transfer Agent to remove any restrictive legends related to the book entry account holding such shares and make a new,
unlegended entry for such book entry shares sold or disposed of without restrictive legends as soon as reasonably practicable following
any such request therefor from the Investor, provided that the Company has timely received from the Investor customary representations
and other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company in connection therewith. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of
its Transfer Agent and its legal counsel associated with such legend removal.

21

(b)Subject to receipt from the Investor by the Company and the Transfer Agent of customary representations and other documentation
reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent in connection therewith, upon the earliest of such time as the Shares or Conversion
Shares (i) have been registered under the Securities Act pursuant to an effective registration statement; (ii) have been sold pursuant
to Rule 144, or (iii) are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the
current public information requirements under Rule 144(c)(1) (or any successor provision), the Company shall, in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 5.5(b) and as soon as reasonably practicable following any request therefor from an Investor accompanied by such
customary and reasonably acceptable documentation referred to above, (A) deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable instructions that the
Transfer Agent shall make a new, unlegended entry for such book entry shares, and (B) cause its counsel to deliver to the Transfer Agent
one or more opinions to the effect that the removal of such legends in such circumstances may be effected under the Securities Act if
required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

6.6Withholding Taxes. Each Investor agrees to furnish the Company with any information, representations and forms as shall
reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any
withholding obligations).

6.7No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement or make any commitment that would
conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Investors under the Transaction Agreements.

6.8Indemnification. 

(a)The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees,
members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and documented attorney fees and
disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending
any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Person may become subject as
a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company under
the Transaction Agreements, and will reimburse any such Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Person solely to the
extent such amounts have been finally judicially determined not to have resulted from such Persons
fraud or willful misconduct.

22

(b)Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with
respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate
counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such person
unless (a) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (b) the indemnifying party shall have failed to
assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (c) in the reasonable judgment of any such
person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying party with respect
to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel
at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf
of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written notice as provided herein shall not
relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely
affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not,
in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys
at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such
judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete,
explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect
of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or
malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement.

6.9Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of (a) sixty (60) days after the Closing Date
and (b) the Business Day immediately following the effective date of the registration statement filed pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Company shall not (A) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (B) file with the SEC a registration
statement under the Securities Act relating to any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, except pursuant to the terms of
the Registration Rights Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.11 shall not apply to (i) the
issuance of the Securities hereunder, (ii) the issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents upon the conversion, exercise or vesting
of any securities of the Company outstanding on the date of this Agreement or outstanding pursuant to clause (iii) below, (iii) the issuance
of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to any Company stock-based compensation plans or in accordance with Section 711
of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide, (iv) the filing of a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the
offer and sale of securities on an equity incentive plan or employee stock purchase plan, or (v) the filing of any amendment or prospectus
supplement with respect to any registration statement filed by the Company prior to the date hereof.

6.10Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to
reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling
the Company to issue the Conversion Shares that are issuable upon the conversion of the Note.

23

6.11Standstill. Each Investor agrees that, from the date hereof and commencing until the second anniversary of the Closing Date,
it will not, directly or indirectly, and will cause its controlled Affiliates not to:

(a)acquire, offer or seek to acquire, agree to acquire or make a public proposal to acquire, by purchase or otherwise, any equity
securities or debt securities of the Company, any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such equity securities, any options
or other derivative securities or contracts or instruments in any way related to the price of shares of Common Stock or any assets or
property of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or participation interests in any outstanding loans of the Company or any subsidiary
of the Company (but in any case excluding the acquisition of the Securities or the acquisition of the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Note);

(b)make or in any way participate in any solicitation of proxies (whether or not relating to the election
or removal of directors), as such terms are used in the rules of the SEC, to vote, or knowingly seek to advise or influence any person
or entity with respect to voting of, any voting securities of the Company or call or seek to call a meeting of the Companys stockholders
or initiate any stockholder proposal or action by the Companys stockholders, or seek election to or to place a representative on
the Companys Board of Directors or seek the removal of any director from the Companys Board of Directors;

(c)make any public announcement with respect to, or propose any merger or business combination, tender or exchange offer, recapitalization,
reorganization or purchase of a material portion of the assets, properties or securities of the Company or any subsidiary, or any other
extraordinary transaction involving the Company or any subsidiary, or enter into any discussions, negotiations, arrangements, understandings
or agreements with any other person or entity regarding any of the foregoing;

(d)otherwise act, alone or in concert with others, to seek to control or influence the management, Board of Directors or policies
of the Company or any subsidiary;

(e)make any public proposal or statement of inquiry or publicly disclose any intention, plan or arrangement consistent with the foregoing;

(f)advise, assist, knowingly encourage or direct any person or entity to do, or to advise, assist, encourage or direct any other person
or entity to do, any of the foregoing; or

(g)enter into any discussions, negotiations, arrangements or understandings with any third party (including, without limitation, security
holders of the Company) with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, forming, joining or in any way participating
in a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) with any third party with respect to any of the foregoing.

24

7.Conditions of Closing.

7.1Conditions to the Obligation of the Investors. The several obligations of each Investor to consummate the transactions to
be consummated at the Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Securities being purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement,
are subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct
in all material respects, except for those representation and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall
be true and correct in all respects, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date,
except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation or
warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for those representations and warranties qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date.

(b)Performance. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to
be performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)No Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any
law or governmental or court order or regulation and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing.

(d)Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary
for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Securities, all of which shall be in full force and effect.

(e)Transfer Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance of
the Shares at the Closing.

(f)Adverse Changes. Since the date of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(g)Opinion of Company Counsel. The Company shall have delivered to the Investors the opinion of Greenberg Traurig, dated as
of the Closing Date, in customary form and substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Investors and addressing such legal matters
as the Investors and the Company reasonably agree.

(h)Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a
certificate certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties), 6.1(b) (Performance),
6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(d) (Consents), 6.1(e) (Transfer Agent), 6.1(f) (Adverse Changes), 6.1(k) (Listing
Requirements) and 6.1(l) (No Injunction) of this Agreement have been fulfilled.

(i)Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Investors at the Closing Date a
certificate certifying (i) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions
of the Companys Board of Directors (or an authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements,
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the Securities.

25

(j)Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Investors.

(k)Listing Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by the NYSE American, the SEC or any
other governmental or regulatory body with respect to public trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on a National
Exchange and shall not have been suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the National Exchange from trading thereon nor shall
suspension by the SEC or the National Exchange have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, in writing by the SEC or the National Exchange;
and the Company shall have filed with NYSE American a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares for the listing of the Shares and
the Conversion Shares and NYSE American shall have raised no objection to such notice and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l)No Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate,
including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any Governmental Entity, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding
shall have been instituted by any Governmental Entity, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
or in the other Transaction Agreements.

(m)Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being
purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

7.2Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated
at the Closing, and to issue and sell to each Investor the Securities to be purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement,
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor in Section 4 hereto shall be
true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date and consummation
of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Investor of each of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of
the Investor contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date.

(b)Performance. Each Investor shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all obligations and conditions
herein required to be performed or observed by such Investor on or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Securities by each Investor shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law
or governmental or court order or regulation.

26

(d)Registration Rights Agreement. Each Investor shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement to the
Company in the form attached as Exhibit B.

(e)Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds, in the full amount of the purchase price for the number of Securities being
purchased by each Investor at the Closing as set forth in Exhibit A.

8.Termination.

8.1Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and the Investors, on the other hand, to effect the Closing
shall terminate as follows:

(i)Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and the Investors prior to the Closing;

(ii)By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not
have been waived by the Company;

(iii)By an Investor (with respect to itself only) if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1 shall have become incapable
of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by such Investor; or

(iv)By either the Company or an Investor (with respect to itself only) if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth Business
Day following the date of this Agreement;

provided, however, that, in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the party seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing shall not then be in breach
of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted
in the circumstances giving rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing.

8.2Notice. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor of its obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to
Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other Investors by the Company. Nothing in this Section 7 shall
be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction Agreements
or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

27

9.Miscellaneous Provisions.

9.1Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in Section 5.3, neither the Company nor any Investor shall make
any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior
consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance
with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary
in order to satisfy its obligations under the law, including applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any national securities
exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement
in advance of such issuance, and the Company will consider in good faith any Investor comments. The Company shall not include the name
of the Investor in any press release or public announcement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any filing with the
SEC) without the prior written consent of the Investors, except as otherwise required by law or the applicable rules or regulations of
any securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Investors, to the extent reasonably practicable
in the circumstances, reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Section 8.1, Investor review shall not be required for Company disclosures that are substantially consistent
with prior Company disclosures.

9.2Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, [(b) when delivered, if sent by electronic
mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next Business
Day], (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d)
one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery,
with written verification of receipt:

(a)If to the Company, addressed as follows:

[ __________________ ]

[Address]

Attention:

Email:

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice):

[ ]

[Address]

Attention:

Email:

(b)If to any Investor, at its address or e-mail address set forth on Exhibit A, or such address as subsequently modified by
written notice given in accordance with this Section 8.2.

Any Person may change the
address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

9.3Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Investor consents to the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DGCL), as amended or superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant to Section
232 of the DGCL (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address set forth below the Investors name on the signature page or Exhibit
A, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company. To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic mail is returned
or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected e-mail address has
been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party agrees to promptly
notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing.

28

9.4Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes,
to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of
this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

9.5Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury.

(a)This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to choice
of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, except to the
extent that mandatory principles of Delaware law may apply.

(b)The Company and each of the Investors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

(i)submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of
New York in the State of New York,;

(ii)consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter
have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient
court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law;

(iii)agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified
mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section
8.2 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified pursuant thereto;

(iv)agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit
the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced
in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties hereto;

(v)agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in the courts of any
jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party
in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law;

29

(vi)agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any
legal process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations
under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and

(vii)irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement.

9.6Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or
more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or
as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

9.7Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket
fees and expenses, including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection
with the proposed investment in the Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that
the Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction
letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied in connection with the delivery
of any Securities to the Investors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Nelson Mullins
Riley & Scarborough LLP, counsel for certain Investors, in an amount not to exceed $75,000 in the aggregate. This payment shall be
paid from the first funding received by the Company.

9.8Assignment. None of the parties may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (i)
to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement,
in each case without the prior written consent of (x) the Company, in the case of an Investor, and (y) the Investors, in the case of the
Company, provided that an Investor may, without the prior consent of the Company, assign its rights to purchase the Securities hereunder
to any of its affiliates or to any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf
of such Investor (provided each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and
warranties set forth in Section 4 ). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee
shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing to be bound by and subject
to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such
assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve any party assigning any interest hereunder
from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement.

9.9Confidential Information.

(a)Each Investor covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any material non-public information
provided to such Investor are publicly disclosed by the Company, such Investor will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made
to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Investors
outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the
performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may
be required by law.

30

(b)The Company may request from the Investors such reasonable and customary additional information as the Company may deem necessary
to evaluate the eligibility of the Investor to acquire the Securities, and the Investor shall promptly provide such information as may
reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the
Investor confidential, except (i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations and (ii) to the extent such disclosure
is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations
of [Nasdaq]. The Investor acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement with the
SEC as exhibit to a periodic report or a registration statement of the Company.

9.10Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the parties
to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person
that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer, employee or
other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party
to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Placement Agent is an intended third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties
of the Company and of each Investor set forth in Section 3, Section 4 and Section 6.1(h) and Section 8.10
respectively, of this Agreement and (ii) the Indemnified Persons are intended third-party beneficiaries of Section 5.9.

9.11Independent Nature of Investors Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement are
several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance
obligations of any other Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant hereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors do not so constitute, a partnership, an
association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert
or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each Investor confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation of the transaction
contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Investor also acknowledges that Greenberg Traurig has not rendered
legal advice to such Investor. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation,
the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in
any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all Investors with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Investor.

31

9.12Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part
of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

9.13Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided
that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com
shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were
an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature.

9.14Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (including all schedules and exhibits
hereto and thereto), together with any side letter agreements with any of the Investors, constitute the entire agreement between the parties
hereto respecting the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations
and statements respecting the subject matter of this Agreement, whether written or oral. No amendment, modification, alteration, or change
in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the
Company and the Investors of at least a majority in interest of the Securities then held by the Investors, provided that prior to the
Closing the consent of all Investors shall be required Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may not be amended and the observance
of any term of this Agreement may not be waived with respect to any Investor without the written consent of such Investor unless such
amendment or waiver applies to all Investors in the same fashion. The Company, on the one hand, and each Investor, on the other hand,
may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such Investor or the Company,
respectively, with any term or provision of this Agreement or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by such
Investor or the Company, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else herein to the contrary, no amendment, modification,
alteration, change or waiver of this Section 8.15 shall be valid without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, which
consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the Placement Agent.

9.15Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained in this Agreement shall survive
the Closing and the delivery of the Securities in accordance with their respective terms. The representations and warranties made by each
party hereto shall expire on the first anniversary of the Closing Date. Each Investor shall be responsible only for its own representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

9.16Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision of this
Agreement has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against
any party hereto.

9.17Arms Length Negotiations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm that the terms and conditions
of the Securities were determined as a result of arms-length negotiations.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]

32

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

COMPANY:

AtlasClear Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Craig Ridenhour

Name: Craig Ridenhour

Title: President

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

INVESTOR:

Hanire, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Hanlon

Name: Michael Hanlon

Title: Partner

Address:

[]

Email: []

EXHIBIT A

INVESTORS

Investor Name Shares Share 

Purchase

Price 

Hanire,
LLC

20,000,000 $ 0.25 

TOTAL: 20,000,000 $ 0.25 

A-1

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF NOTE

B-1

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of December 31 , 2024, is entered into by and among AtlasClear Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the several investors signatory hereto (individually as an Investor
and collectively together with their respective permitted assigns, the Investors). Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the parties
hereto, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase
Agreement).

WHEREAS:

A.Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors, and
the Investors have agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of up to $5,000,000 or 20,000,000 shares (the Initial
Shares) of the Company's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and a Note convertible
into additional shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares), in each case, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
The Initial Shares and the Conversion Shares, are collectively referred to herein as the Shares.

B.To induce the Investors to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively,
the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization.

(b)Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a registration
effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing
for offering securities on a continuous basis, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

(c)Registrable Securities means the Shares and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to the Shares
as a result of any stock split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event. Registrable Securities shall
cease to be Registrable Securities upon the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered by the
Registration Statement.

(d)Registration Expenses means all registration and filing fee expenses incurred by the Company in effecting
any registration pursuant to this Agreement, including (i) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any
other fees and expenses associated with filings required to be made with the SEC, FINRA or any other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees
and expenses in connection with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky
laws, (iii) all printing, duplicating, word processing, messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company (including the expenses of
any special audit and cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance).

(e)Registration Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with, or to be filed with, the
SEC under the Securities Act, that Registers Registrable Securities, including the related prospectus, amendments and supplements to
such registration statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference
in such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with applicable securities laws. Registration Statement shall
also include a New Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated
by reference therein, and including any information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the SEC.

(f)Selling Expenses means all underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable
Securities and all similar fees and commissions relating to the Investors disposition of the Registrable Securities, and all fees
and disbursements of counsel for the Investors.

2. REGISTRATION.

(a)Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as promptly
as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 30 days after the Closing Date (the Filing Deadline), prepare
and file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement (the Initial Registration Statement) covering the resale
of all Registrable Securities. Before filing the Registration Statement, the Company shall furnish to the Investors a copy of the Registration
Statement. The Investors and their counsel shall have at least three Business Days prior to the anticipated filing date of a Registration
Statement to review and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any
related prospectus, prior to its filing with the SEC. Subject to any SEC comments, such Registration Statement shall include the plan
of distribution substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Company shall (a) use commercially reasonable efforts
to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the Investor or its counsel reasonably proposed
by the Investor, and (b) not file any Registration Statement or related prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing
information regarding the Investor to which Investor reasonably objects, unless such information is required to comply with any applicable
law or regulation. The Investors shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company and as shall be reasonably required
in connection with any registration referred to in this Agreement.

(b)Effectiveness. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement and any
amendment declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date but no later than the earlier of the 75th calendar day following
the initial filing date of the Initial Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the Initial
Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier)
by the SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (the Effectiveness
Deadline). The Company shall notify the Investor by e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within 24 hours,
after the Registration Statement is declared effective or is supplemented and shall provide the Investor with copies of any related prospectus
to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best
efforts to keep the Initial Registration Statement continuously effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and
available for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur
of the following events: (i) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby; and (ii)
the date on which the Registrable Securities may be resold by the Investors without registration and without regard to any volume or
manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public
information requirement under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect (the Registration Period).
The Initial Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2

(c)Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event
the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement at any time is insufficient to cover the Registrable Securities,
the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new registration statement
(together with any prospectuses or prospectus supplements thereunder, a New Registration Statement), so as to cover
all of such Registrable Securities as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not later than ten Business Days after the necessity
therefor arises (the New Registration Filing Deadline). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof
but no later than the earlier of the 75th calendar day following the initial filing date of the New Registration Statement if the SEC
notifies the Company that it will review the New Registration Statement and (b) the fifth Business Day after the date the
Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the New Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or will not be subject to further review (the earlier of such dates, the New Registration Effectiveness Deadline).
The provisions of Section 2(a) and (b) shall apply to the New Registration Statement, except as modified hereby. 

(d)Liquidated Damages. If (i) the Initial Registration Statement has not been filed by the Filing Deadline, (ii) the Initial
Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Effectiveness Deadline, (iii) the New Registration Statement has not been
filed by the New Registration Filing Deadline, (iv) the New Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the New Registration
Effectiveness Deadline or (v) after any Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, sales cannot be made pursuant
to such Registration Statement for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a stop order, or the Companys failure
to update such Registration Statement), but excluding any Allowed Delay (as defined below) or, if the Registration Statement is on Form
S-1, for a period of 20 days following the date on which the Company files a post-effective amendment to incorporate the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K (a Maintenance Failure), then the Company will make pro rata payments to each Investor
then holding Registrable Securities, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, in an amount equal to 0.5% of the aggregate amount paid
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement by such Investor for such Registrable Securities then held by such Investor for each 30-day period
or pro rata for any portion thereof during which the failure continues (the Blackout Period). Such payments shall
constitute the Investors exclusive monetary remedy for such events, but shall not affect the right of the Investors to seek injunctive
relief. The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid in cash no later than five Business Days after
each such 30-day period following the commencement of the Blackout Period until the termination of the Blackout Period (the Blackout
Period Payment Date). Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the aggregate amount of liquidated damages (or interest
thereon) paid under this Agreement to any Investor exceed, in the aggregate, 5.0% of the aggregate purchase price of the Shares purchased
by such Investor under the Purchase Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2(d) to the contrary, during any periods
that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities because any
Investor fails to furnish information required to be provided pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 4(a) within three Business
Days of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that would otherwise accrue as to such Investor only shall be tolled until
such information is delivered to the Company.

3

(e)Allowable Delays. On no more than two occasions and for not more than 30 consecutive days or for a total of not more
than 60 days in any 12 month period, the Company may delay the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any other Registration
Statement, or suspend the use of any prospectus included in any Registration Statement, in the event that the Company determines in good
faith that such delay or suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company,
the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company or (B) amend
or supplement the affected Registration Statement or the related prospectus so that such Registration Statement or prospectus shall not
include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the case of the prospectus in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed
Delay); provided, that the Company shall promptly (a) notify each Investor in writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay,
but shall not (without the prior written consent of an Investor) disclose to such Investor any material non-public information giving
rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors in writing to cease all sales under the Registration Statement until the end of the
Allowed Delay and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as promptly as practicable.

(f)Rule 415; Cutback. If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable Securities
in any Registration Statement is not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 under
the Securities Act (provided, however, the Company shall be obligated to use reasonable best efforts to advocate with the SEC for the
registration of all of the Registrable Securities) or requires any Investor to be named as an underwriter, the Company
shall (i) promptly notify each holder of Registrable Securities thereof and (ii) make commercially reasonable efforts to persuade the
SEC that the offering contemplated by such Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or on behalf
of the issuer as defined in Rule 415 and that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The Investors shall
have the right to select one legal counsel, at such Investors expense, to review and oversee any registration or matters pursuant
to this Section 2(f), including participation in any meetings or discussions with the SEC regarding the SECs position
and to comment on any written submission made to the SEC with respect thereto. No such written submission with respect to this matter
shall be made to the SEC to which any Investors counsel reasonably objects. In the event that, despite the Companys reasonable
best efforts and compliance with the terms of this Section 2(f), the SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall
(i) remove from such Registration Statement such portion of the Registrable Securities (the Cut Back Shares)
and/or (ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as the SEC may
require to assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC Restrictions);
provided, however, that the Company shall not name any Investor as an underwriter in such Registration Statement without
the prior written consent of such Investor (provided that, in the event an Investor withholds such consent, the Company shall have no
obligation hereunder to include any Registrable Securities of such Investor in any Registration Statement covering the resale thereof
until such time as the SEC no longer requires such Investor to be named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement
or such Investor otherwise consents in writing to being so named). Any cut-back imposed on the Investors pursuant to this Section
2(f) shall be allocated among the Investors on a pro rata basis and shall be applied first to any of the Registrable Securities of
such Investor as such Investor shall designate, unless the SEC Restrictions otherwise require or provide or the Investors otherwise agree.
No liquidated damages shall accrue as to any Cut Back Shares until such date as the Company is able to effect the registration of such
Cut Back Shares in accordance with any SEC Restrictions applicable to such Cut Back Shares (such date, the Restriction Termination
Date). From and after the Restriction Termination Date applicable to any Cut Back Shares, all of the provisions of this Section 2
(including the Companys obligations with respect to the filing of a Registration Statement and its obligations to use reasonable
efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective within the time periods set forth herein and the liquidated damages provisions
relating thereto) shall again be applicable to such Cut Back Shares; provided, however, that the date by which the Company is required
to file the Registration Statement with respect to such Cut Back Shares shall be the tenth day following the Restriction Termination
Date and the date by which the Company is required to have the Registration Statement effective with respect to such Cut Back Shares
shall be the 55th day immediately after the Restriction Termination Date.

4

3. RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS.

With respect to the Registration
Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to Section 2, including on the Initial Registration
Statement or on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following
obligations:

(a)Notifications. The Company will promptly notify the Investors
promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, other than
documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the SEC and/or has become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor
or any subsequent supplement to a prospectus has been filed and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information.

(b)Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the
SEC any amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or
any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective for the Effectiveness
Period and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act) with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion
of the Investors and the Company, as may be necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities
by the Investors.

(c)Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment
or supplement to the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference,
relating to the Investors, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby unless (A) the Investors and their counsel
shall have been advised and afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon at least three (3) Business Days prior to filing with
the SEC and (B) the Company shall have given reasonable due consideration to any comments thereon received from the Investors or their
counsel.

(d)Copies Available. The Company will furnish to any Investor
whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its counsel copies of the Initial Registration Statement,
any prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus supplement thereunder, any New
Registration Statement and all amendments to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement that are filed with
the SEC during the Registration Period (including all documents filed with or furnished to the SEC during such period that are deemed
to be incorporated by reference therein), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and
each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than any
portion thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such
other documents as Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by Investor
that are covered by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon such Investors request
and in such quantities as such Investor may from time to time reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required
to furnish any document to the Investor to the extent such document is available on EDGAR.

5

(e)Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness and, (ii)
if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investors promptly
(but in no event later than 24 hours) and shall confirm such advice in writing, in each case: (i) of the Companys receipt of notice
of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to the Registration Statement
or any prospectus or for any additional information; (ii) of the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any
other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or
prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any New Registration Statement, or of the Companys
receipt of any notification of the suspension of qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction
or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (iii) of the Company becoming aware of the happening
of any event, which makes any statement of a material fact made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which requires
the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state
a material fact required by the Securities Act to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in
the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend any
Registration Statement or any prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law. The Company shall not be required to disclose
to the Investors the substance of specific reasons of any of the events set forth in clause (i) to (iii) of the immediately preceding
sentence (each, a Suspension Event), but rather, shall only be required to disclose that the event has occurred.
If at any time the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of any Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use
its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal of such order at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the
Investors, without charge, a copy of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental
authority to the Company or its representatives relating to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any
prospectus, or prospectus supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause (iii) of the first sentence
of this Section 3(e), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to publicly disclose such event as soon as reasonably
practicable, or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under Registration Statements may resume; provided, however, that if the
Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making such information public, the Company may suspend the use of all Registration
Statements for up to 60 consecutive calendar days; provided, further, that the Company may not suspend the use of all Registration Statements
more than twice, or for more than 90 total calendar days, in each case during any twelve-month period.

(f)Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested
by an Investor at any time in respect of any Registration Statement, the Company shall deliver to such Investor a written confirmation
from Companys counsel of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason
(including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not such Registration Statement is currently effective and
available to the Company for sale of Registrable Securities. 

6

(g)Listing. The Company shall use best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to
be listed on the NYSE American.

(h)Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final prospectus,
including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Investor
in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as
a result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take
such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder, and make available
to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the Availability Date (as defined below), an earnings
statement covering a period of at least 12 months, beginning after the effective date of each Registration Statement, which earnings
statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act, including Rule 158 promulgated thereunder (for the purpose
of this subsection 3(h), Availability Date means the 45th day following the end of the fourth
fiscal quarter that includes the effective date of such Registration Statement, except that, if such fourth fiscal quarter is the last
quarter of the Companys fiscal year, Availability Date means the 90th day after the end of such
fourth fiscal quarter).

(i)Blue-Sky. The Company shall register or qualify or cooperate with the Investor and their counsel in connection with the
registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for the offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions
reasonably requested by the Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (i) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section
3(i), (ii) subject itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section
3(i), or (iii) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(j)Rule 144. With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 (or its successor rule) and any
other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration,
the Company covenants and agrees to: (i) make and keep adequate current public information available, as those terms are understood
and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) six months after such date as all of the Registrable Securities may be sold
without restriction by the holders thereof pursuant to Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect or (B) such date as there
are no longer Registrable Securities; and (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of
the Company under the Exchange Act; (iii) furnish electronically to each Investor upon request, as long as such Investor owns any
Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act, (B) a copy of or electronic access to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, and (C) such other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail such Investor of any rule or regulation of
the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration.

(k)Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation
and delivery of certificates or uncertificated shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration
Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names
as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request to the extent permitted by such Registration Statement or Rule 144
to effect sales of Registrable Securities ; for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing
physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System.

7

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

(a)Investor Information. Each Investor shall provide a completed
Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities.
If the Company has not received such completed Questionnaire from an Investor within five business days of the Companys request,
the Company may file the Registration Statement without including such Investors Registrable Securities.

(b)Suspension of Sales. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees that, upon receipt of any
notice from the Company of the existence of Suspension Event as set forth in Section 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue
disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the Investor's
receipt of a notice from the Company confirming the resolution of such Suspension Event and that such dispositions may again be made.

(c)Investor Cooperation. Each
Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the
Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or New Registration
Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of its election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities
from such Registration Statement.

5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All Registration Expenses incurred
in connection with registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses relating to securities
registered on behalf of the Investors shall be borne by the Investors pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities so
registered.

8

6. INDEMNIFICATION.

(a)To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investors,
each Person, if any, who controls the Investors, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, members, managers, agents,
representatives and advisors of the Investors and each Person, if any, who controls the Investors within the meaning of the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, obligation, claims, damages, liabilities,
contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation, court costs and costs of preparation), reasonable
and documented attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or reasonable and documented expenses, (collectively, Claims)
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken
from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending
or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which
any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof)
arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material
fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof,
or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other
state securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered or any rule or
regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to action or inaction required of the Company
in connection with such registration of the Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively,
Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and
are due and payable, for any reasonable out-of-pocket legal fees or other reasonable and documented expenses incurred by them in connection
with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement
contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation
which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Investors or such Indemnified
Person specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or
such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such in each case if the foregoing was timely made available by the Company; (B) with respect
to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such Person from whom the Person asserting any such Claim purchased
the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any other Indemnified Person) if the untrue statement or
omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented,
and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the outdated, defective or incorrect prospectus prior to the use
giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the
prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Such indemnity shall
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the
transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 8.

(b)In connection with the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, the Investors, severally
and not jointly, agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the
Initial Registration Statement or signs any New Registration Statement, each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning
of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and expense (including reasonable attorney fees) resulting from any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that
such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about an Investor furnished in writing by such Investor to
the Company and reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the
preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement
thereto. In no event shall the liability of an Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expense
paid by such Investor in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any damages such Investor has
otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation. Such indemnity shall remain in full
force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the
Registrable Securities by any Investor pursuant to Section 8.

9

(c)Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying
party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent
the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be,
and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party for any legal or
other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided,
however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may
be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses
to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation
by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding.
The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense
of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available
to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No
indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall,
without the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or
other compromise unless such judgment or settlement (i) imposes no liability or obligation on, (ii) includes as an unconditional term
thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability
of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person in respect to or arising out of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (iii) does not
include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person.. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification
has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any
such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section
6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

(d)The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course
of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment
pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not be entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including
reimbursement of expenses) to the person making it.

(e)The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject
to pursuant to the law.

7. CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification
by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect
to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however,
that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation;
and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses
paid by such holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 7 and the amount of any damages such holder has otherwise
been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from
the sale of such Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

10

8. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the
prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (determined as if all amounts
outstanding under the Note have been converted); provided, however, that in any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring,
consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are converted into the
equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction,
be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person
and the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investor in connection with
such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the
prior written consent of the Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (determined as if all amounts
outstanding under the Note have been converted) shall not be required for such transaction. 

An
Investor may transfer or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more Persons in connection with
the transfer of not fewer than 10% of the Registrable Securities (including Registrable Securities issuable upon Conversion of the Note)
by such Investor to such Person, provided that such Investor complies with all laws applicable thereto, and the provisions
of the Purchase Agreement, and provides written notice of assignment to the Company promptly after such assignment is effected, and such
Person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein.

The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investor and its successors and permitted assigns.

9. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS.

The provisions of this Agreement,
including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a written instrument executed
by (i) the Company and (ii) the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (determined as if all of the amounts
outstanding under the Note have been fully converted), provided that any party may give a waiver as to itself and provided further that
any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver that disproportionately and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Investor or each Investor, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with
respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Investors and that does not adversely directly or indirectly
affect the rights of other Investors may be given by Investors holding all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent
relates.

11

10. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)Notices. Any notices or other communications required or
permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the
party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not
sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next business day, (c) three days after having been sent by certified
or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one business day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt:

i.If
to the Company, addressed as follows:

[ ]

[Address]

Attention:

Email:

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice):

[ ]

[Address]

Attention:

Email:

ii.If to any Investor, at its e-mail address or address set forth on its signature page to the Purchase Agreement or to such e-mail
address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 10.

Any Person may change the address
to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

(b)Consent to Electronic Notice. Each Investor consents to
the delivery of any stockholder notice pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL), as amended or
superseded from time to time, by electronic mail pursuant to Section 232 of the DGCL (or any successor thereto) at the e-mail address
set forth below the Investors name on the signature page or Exhibit A, as updated from time to time by notice to the Company.
To the extent that any notice given by means of electronic mail is returned or undeliverable for any reason, the foregoing consent shall
be deemed to have been revoked until a new or corrected e-mail address has been provided, and such attempted electronic notice shall
be ineffective and deemed to not have been given. Each party agrees to promptly notify the other parties of any change in its e-mail
address, and that failure to do so shall not affect the foregoing.

(c)Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of
this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or
continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.

(d)Governing Law. The provisions of Section 8.6 of
the Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis mutandis.

(e)Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement
are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

(f)Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts
have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic
signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding
upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic
reproduction of a) signature.

12

(g)Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

(h)Contract Interpretation. This Agreement is the joint product of each Investor and the Company and each provision hereof
has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any
party hereto.

(i)No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other
than the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement,
and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder, director, officer,
employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on
behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby.

(j)Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws
or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes,
to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder
of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

(k)Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement, the Company covenants, agrees
and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall
be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors
or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by
virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever
shall attach to, be imposed on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or
limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the Investors under
this Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by
reason of such obligations or their creation.

(l)Specific Performance. In addition to any and all other remedies that may be available at law in the event of any breach
of this Agreement, each Investor shall be entitled to specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the Company hereunder
and to such other injunction or other equitable relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.

(m)Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

[Signature Page Follows]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused
this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

COMPANY:

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Craig Ridenhour

Name: Craig Ridenhour

Title: President

[Signature Page to Registration
Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused
this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of date first written above.

INVESTOR:

HANIRE, LLC

By: /s/ Michael Hanlon

Name: Michael Hanlon

Title: Partner

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

Exhibit A

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 

The selling stockholders, which as used herein includes donees, pledgees,
transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of common stock or interests in shares of common stock received after the
date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer, may, from time to time,
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of common stock or interests in shares of common stock on any stock
exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These dispositions may be at fixed prices,
at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the
time of sale, or at negotiated prices.

The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following
methods when disposing of shares or interests therein:

distributions to members,
partners, stockholders or other equityholders of the selling stockholders;

ordinary brokerage transactions
and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which
the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a
portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a broker-dealer
as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an exchange distribution
in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated
transactions;

short sales and settlement
of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of which
this prospectus is a part;

through the writing
or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange
or otherwise;

broker-dealers may agree
with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price
per share;

a combination of any
such methods of sale; and

any other method permitted
pursuant to applicable law.

The selling stockholders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a
security interest in some or all of the shares of common stock owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured
obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of common stock, from time to time, under this prospectus,
or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act, amending the list
of selling stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus.
The selling stockholders also may transfer the shares of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees
or other successors in interest will be the selling stockholders for purposes of this prospectus.

1

In connection with the sale of our common stock or interests therein,
the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage
in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares
of our common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers
that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer
or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may
resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholders from the sale of
the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the selling
stockholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed
purchase of common stock to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from this offering.

The selling stockholders also may resell all or a portion of the shares
in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act, provided that they meet the criteria and conform to the
requirements of that rule, or another available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act.

The selling stockholders and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents
that participate in the sale of the common stock or interests therein may be underwriters within the meaning of Section
2(a)(11) of the Securities Act (it being understood that the selling stockholders shall not be deemed to be underwriters solely as a
result of their participation in this offering). Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of the shares
may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders who are underwriters within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

To the extent required, the shares of our common stock to be sold,
the names of the selling stockholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agent, dealer or underwriter,
and any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement
or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this prospectus.

In order to comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable,
the common stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states
the common stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification
requirements is available and is complied with.

2

We have advised the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation
rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling stockholders
and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended
from time to time) available to the selling stockholders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against
certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act.

We have agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders against liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act and state securities laws, relating to the registration of the shares offered by this
prospectus.

We have agreed with the selling stockholders to use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the registration statement of which this prospectus constitutes a part to become effective and to remain continuously
effective until the earlier of: (i) the date on which the selling stockholders shall have resold or otherwise disposed of all the shares
covered by this prospectus and (ii) the date on which the shares covered by this prospectus no longer constitute Registrable Securities
as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, such that they may be resold by the selling stockholders without registration
and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 under the
Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect.

3

Exhibit B

Investor Questionnaire

The undersigned hereby provides the following
information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Investor

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if
not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person
(which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to
vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Investor:

Telephone:

E-Mail: 

Contact Person:

4

3. Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a),
did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services
to the Company?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions
staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer,
do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business,
and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements
or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable
Securities?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions
staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities
of the Company Owned by the Investor.

Except as set forth below in this
Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type and Amount of other securities beneficially
owned by the Investor:

5

5. Relationships with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither
the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities
of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors
or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

The undersigned agrees to
promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the
date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify
the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By signing below, the undersigned
consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that
such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and
the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned,
by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized
agent.

Date: Beneficial Owner: _________________________________________

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED
AND EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE TO: 

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

This Note and the Ordinary
Shares into which it may be converted (collectively, the Securities) have not been and will not be registered
under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Securities are registered under the Securities
Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. Each Payee must agree that, except as permitted
by the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the original Payee acquired this Note, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Securities
(a) as part of its distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until six months after the later of the commencement of the offering or
business combination contemplated in the Purchase Agreement and the closing date thereof, within the United States or to, or for the
account or benefit of, U.S. persons and it will have sent to each broker-dealer to which it sells Securities in reliance on Regulation
D during such six-month period, a confirmation or other notice detailing the restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities within
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them
by Regulation D under the Securities Act. Hedging transactions involving the Securities may not be conducted unless in compliance with
the Securities Act.

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Principal Amount: $40,000,000 Dated as of January , 2025

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company, or Maker), with offices
at 2203 N. Lois Ave., Suite 814, Tampa, Florida 33607, United States, promises to pay to the order of HANIRE, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee or Holder),
or order, the principal sum of up to FORTY MILLION AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($40,000,000 USD) in lawful money, on the terms and conditions
described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined
by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this
Note. This Note was issued by Maker to the original Payee pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement of even date herewith by and among
Maker and such original Payee (the Purchase Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall
have the meaning assigned in the Purchase Agreement.

1. 
Principal. Unless earlier converted pursuant to Section 5 below, the outstanding principal balance of this Note
together with all accrued but unpaid interest shall be payable by the Maker on January 31, 2028 (the Maturity Date).
The initial draw shall be Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) (Initial Draw), to be funded as of the date hereof,
with the remaining balance to be drawn upon as provided in Section 4 (and disbursed in accordance with the Purchase Agreement). The outstanding
principal and accrued and unpaid interest may be prepaid in full, but not in part, at any time without penalty. Under no circumstances
shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally
for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder.

2. 
Interest. Simple interest shall accrue at a rate of 12.0% per annum on the unpaid principal balance of this Note following
the Initial Draw. Interest shall be due and payable commencing three (3) months after the Initial Draw and thereafter quarterly each
year with all accrued and previously unpaid interest due and owing on the Maturity Date.

3. 
Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection
of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys fees, then to the payment in full of any late
charges, then to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

4. 
Additional Advances. (a) The Company shall be entitled to make three additional draws under this Note, subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in Section 4(f).

(b) The Company shall be entitled to
make a second draw in the amount of Twelve Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($12,500,000) upon securing a settlement of amounts
outstanding to the previous owners of Wilson-Davis (the Second Draw);

(c) The Company shall be entitled to
make a third draw in the amount of Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($7,500,000) at the time the Company files a quarterly
report on Form 10-Q or annual report on Form 10-K that shows that the Company has achieved positive net income on a consolidated basis
in the most recent reporting period (the Third Draw);

(d) The Company shall be entitled to
make a fourth draw in the amount of Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) at the time the Company receives approval from all appropriate
regulatory authorities to acquire Commercial Bancorp of Wyoming (the Fourth Draw).

(e) The Company may make the Second
Draw, Third Draw or Fourth Draw in any order, regardless of whether a prior draw has been made and regardless of whether the Note shall
have been converted pursuant to Section 5, and at any time after condition specified for the related draw has been met as well as any
conditions set forth in Section 4(f).

(f) At the time of each subsequent
draw, (i) all of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Purchase Agreement shall be true and correct in all
material respects, subject to appropriate adjustments to update any of such representations and warranties, (ii) the Company shall deliver
all documents required to be delivered at the Closing pursuant to Sections 6(h) and 6(i) of the Purchase Agreement, (iii) the Maturity
Date shall not have occurred and (iv) there shall be no Default or Event of Default continuing under this Note.

(g) Upon each draw, the outstanding
principal balance of the Note shall be automatically increased and interest shall accrue on the new amount outstanding.

5. 
Conversion. At the option solely of the Payee at any time after the Company receives stockholder approval for the issuance
of the Conversion Shares and the Conversion Shares shall be approved for listing by the NYSE American, and before the Maturity Date,
the unpaid principal amount of this Note plus all accrued and unpaid interest shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock of the
Company (the Conversion Shares), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 5.

(a) 
Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 5(d), at any time or times on or after the date of issuance
of this Note, the Payee shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note which is
an integer multiple of the Conversion Price, into Conversion Shares in accordance with Section 5(c), at the Conversion Rate (as
defined below). The Company shall not issue any fraction of an Ordinary Share upon any conversion, such that the number of Conversion
Shares will be rounded down to the whole number of Conversion Shares. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and
similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent (as defined below)) that may
be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Conversion Shares upon conversion of any Conversion Amount. Interest shall cease
to accrue on the Conversion Amount on the date that the Payee delivers the Conversion Notice to the Company, and all accrued and unpaid
interest on the Conversion Amount as of such date shall be paid by the Company in cash at the next regular interest payment date set
forth in Section 2 above.

2

(b) 
Conversion Rate. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section
5(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate).

i.Conversion Amount means the portion of the principal amount and any accrued and unpaid interest of
this note to be converted with respect to which this determination is being made.

ii. 
Conversion Price means initially that this Note will be convertible into such shares at a conversion
price per share at forty percent (40%) below the arithmetic average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock for
the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately prior to the date of the applicable conversion,
subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 5(d) below.

iii. 
Business Day means any other day than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial Banks in New York City,
USA are closed.

(c) 
Mechanics of Conversion

i. 
Conversion at the Option of the Payee. To convert this Note into Common Stock, the Payee shall deliver to the Company in accordance
with the requirements for delivery of notice pursuant to the Purchase Agreement a duly completed and executed notice of conversion in
the form attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit I (each, a Conversion Notice).
The Conversion Date is the date the Payee sends the Conversion Notice to the Company in accordance with the
notice provision of the Purchase Agreement.

a. 
If the Common Stock is not listed for trading on any securities exchange, within two (2) Trading Days after the Companys
receipt of the Conversion Notice, the Company will deliver to the Payee a certificate for the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Note.

b. 
If the Common Stock is listed for trading on a registered securities exchange, if required by Section 5(c)(iii),
within two (2) Trading Days following the Payees delivery of the Conversion Notice, the Payee shall surrender this Note to a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to this Note in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company in the case of its loss, theft or destruction).

i. 
On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit to the
Payee and the Company's transfer agent (the Transfer Agent) by electronic mail an acknowledgment, in the
form attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit II, of confirmation of receipt of such Conversion Notice and
representation as to whether the shares of Common Stock may then be resold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant
to an effective and available registration statement (each, an Acknowledgement) which confirmation shall
constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process such Conversion Notice in accordance with the terms herein.

3

ii. 
On or before the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received a Conversion Notice (or such earlier date
as required pursuant to the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or other
applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of the Conversion Shares
issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share Delivery Deadline), the Company shall deliver to
the Payee the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note and (1) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating
in The Depository Trust Company's (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST),
credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Payee shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Payee's
or its designee's balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (2) if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in FAST, upon the request of the Payee, issue in the name of the Payee or its designee the number of shares of Common Stock to which
the Payee shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion by book-entry on the books of the transfer agent. The Person or Persons entitled
to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record Payee or
Payees of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date.

iii. 
The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note shall be Registrable Securities as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement.

ii. 
Company's Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the second Trading
Date following the applicable Share Delivery Deadline (Share Delivery Default Deadline), either:

(I) if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in FAST, to issue to the Payee (or its designee) the number of shares of Common Stock to
which the Payee is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock by book-entry on the
Company's share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the
balance account of the Payee or the Payee's designee with DTC for such number of shares of
Common Stock to which the Payee is entitled upon the Payee's conversion of this Note (as
the case may be); or

(II) if the Registration
Statement covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock that are the subject of the Conversion
Notice (the Unavailable Conversion Shares) is not available for
the resale of such Unavailable Conversion Shares and the Company fails to promptly, but in
no event later than as required pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (x) so notify
the Payee and (y) deliver the shares of Common Stock electronically without any restrictive
legend by crediting such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Payee is
entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Payee's or its designee's balance account with
DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system (the event described in the immediately
foregoing clause (II) is hereinafter referred as a Notice Failure
and together with the event described in clause (I) above, a Conversion Failure);

then, in addition to all other remedies available
to the Payee, the Payee, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned
(as the case may be) any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice, provided that the voiding
of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Company's obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice
pursuant to this Section 2(b)(ii) or otherwise.

4

In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior
to the Share Delivery Deadline either:

(A) if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in FAST, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to the Payee (or its designee) a certificate
and register such Conversion Shares on the Company's share register or, if the Transfer Agent
is participating in FAST, the Transfer Agent shall fail to credit the balance account of
the Payee or the Payee's designee with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
the Payee is entitled upon the Payee's conversion hereunder or pursuant to the Company's
obligation pursuant to clause (II) below or

(B) a Notice Failure occurs;

and if on or after such Share Delivery Deadline
the Payee acquires (in an open market transaction, share loan or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion
of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that the Payee is entitled to receive from the Company and has
not received from the Company in connection with such Conversion Failure or Notice Failure, as applicable (a Buy-In),
then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Payee, the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days after receipt of the
Payee's request and in the Payee's discretion, either:

(I) reinstate the portion of the Note and
equivalent number of shares of Common Stock for which such conversion was not honored (in
which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded), or

(II) promptly honor its
obligation to so issue and deliver to the Payee a certificate or certificates representing
such shares of Common Stock or credit the balance account of such Payee or such Payee's designee,
as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Payee is entitled
upon the Payee's conversion hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Payee in an
amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (x) such number
of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock
on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Conversion
Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (II) (the Buy-In
Payment Amount).

Nothing shall limit the Payee's right to pursue
any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Company's failure to timely deliver certificates representing Conversion Shares (or to electronically
deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

iii. 
Registration; Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation
of the names and addresses of the Payees of each Note and the principal amount of the Note held by such holders (the Registered
Notes). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company
and the Payees of the Note shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes (including,
without limitation, the right to receive payments of Principal and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered
Note may be assigned, transferred or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its
receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the Payee thereof, the Company shall record
the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal amount as
the principal amount of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee, provided that if the Company does not
so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within three (3) Business Days of
such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may
be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 5, following conversion of any portion of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Payee shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the full
principal amount of this Note is being converted (in which event this Note shall be delivered to the Company following conversion thereof
as contemplated by Section 5(c)(i)) or (B) the Payee has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included
in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Payee and the Company shall maintain
records showing the Principal, Interest and Late Charges converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions,
and/or payments (as the case may be) or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Payee and the Company, so as not
to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Principal and
Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within three
(3) Business Days of such occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence.

5

iv.Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one Payee of the Note
for the same Conversion Date and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such portions of the Note submitted for conversion, the
Company, subject to Section 5(d), shall convert from each Payee of the Note electing to have the Note converted on such date a
pro rata amount of such Payee's portion of its Note submitted for conversion based on the principal amount of the Note submitted for
conversion on such date by such Payee relative to the aggregate principal amount of all Notes submitted for conversion on such date.
In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Payee in connection with a conversion of this Note,
the Company shall issue to the Payee the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with
the Purchase Agreement.

(d) 
Conversion Adjustments.

i. 
Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on the Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common
Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of this Note),
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share
split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Stock any shares
of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the
denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable
upon conversion of this Note shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Conversion Price of this Note remains unchanged.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 5(d)(i) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

ii.Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person in which the Company is not the surviving
entity, (ii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed
pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property
and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or more than 50% or more of the voting power of
the common equity of the Company, or (iii) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock are effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (each a Fundamental Transaction), then,
upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each share of Common Stock that would have
been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation on the conversion of this Note), the number of shares of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion
of this Note immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation on the conversion of this Note). If
holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such
Fundamental Transaction.

6

6. 
Reserved.

7. 
Reserved. 

8. 
Events of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default (Event of Default):

(a) 
Failure to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note or any interest
payment due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified above.

(b) 
Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making
by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or
the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) 
Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction with respect
to Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the
winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty
(60) consecutive days.

7

9. 
Remedies.

(a) 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 8(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker,
declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable
hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are
hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 8(b) or Section 8(c), the unpaid interest
and principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due
and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee.

10. 
Waivers. Maker waives presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard
to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits
that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds
arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption
from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment
obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired
by Payee.

11. 
Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability
of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted
or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by
Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties
may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder.

12. 
Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in
writing and delivered in accordance with Sections 10(a) and (b) of the Purchase Agreement.

13. 
Construction. The provisions of Section 8.6 of the Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis
mutandis.

14. 
Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction.

15. 
Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written
consent of the Maker and the Payee.

16. 
Assignment. No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party
hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) (other than pursuant to a Fundamental Transaction) without the prior written consent of the
other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void.

[signature page follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker,
intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above
written.

COMPANY OR MAKER:

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature page to Subordinated Convertible Promissory
Note]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has caused this Note to be duly executed by its officers, thereunto duly authorized as of the date first set forth above.

PAYEE OR HOLDER:

HANIRE, LLC a
Delaware limited liability company

By: 

Name: Michael Hanlon

Title: 

[Signature page to Subordinated Convertible Promissory
Note]

10

EXHIBIT
I

FORM OF HOLDER CONVERSION NOTICE

To: AtlasClear Holdings, Inc.

Pursuant to Section
5(c)(1) of that certain Convertible Promissory Note dated as of January , 2025 (the Note), the undersigned
registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof, below designated, and AtlasClear
Holdings, Inc., or its successor, shall deliver Conversion Shares, together with a cash payment, if applicable,
in lieu of delivering any fractional Issuer Common Stock, in accordance with the terms of this Note and accrued and unpaid interest on
the converted principal amount of this Note to, but excluding, the Conversion Date, and directs that any consideration issuable and deliverable
upon such conversion, and the portion of this Note representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the
Holder unless a different name has been indicated below.

Date: 

Signature(s): 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed
by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved
signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to SEC Rule 17Ad-15 if Issuer Class A Ordinary Shares are to be issued, or the Note to
be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered Holder.

Fill in for registration of shares
if to be issued, and Note if to be delivered, other than to the Holder:

(Name)

(Street Address)

(City, State and Zip Code)

Please print name and address.

[continues on the following page]

11

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid
accumulated interest with respect to such portion of the Principal Amount being converted (to be paid to Payee in cash upon the next
regular interest payment date): 

Total amount of Conversion Shares: 

Conversion Date: 

NOTICE: The above signature(s)
of the Holder hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatever.

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification
Number: 

Please issue the Conversion Shares into which
the Note is being converted to Payee, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting
delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Check here if requesting
delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Account Number: 

Date: ____________________________________________________ 

Print name of Registered Payee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID No.: 

E-mail address: 

12

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER

For value
received hereby, [assignor] sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto [assignee] [(please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification
Number of assignee)] the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints [attorney] to transfer the said Note on the books
of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

In connection
with any transfer of the within Note, the undersigned shall comply with the requirements of this Note applicable to such transfer and
confirms that this Note is being transferred:

Pursuant to the registration statement
that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act, as amended; or

Pursuant to and in compliance with
Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as amended; or

Pursuant to another available exemption
from registration under the Securities Act, as amended.

Date: 

Signature(s): 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed
by an eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved
signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to SEC Rule 17Ad-15 if Issuer Class A Ordinary Shares are to be issued, or the Note to
be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered Holder.

NOTICE: The signature on the
assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatever.

13

Exhibit II

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

AtlasClear Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company) hereby (a) acknowledges this Conversion Notice, (b) certifies that _______
[Number to be filled in] shares of Common Stock [are][are not] eligible to be resold by the Payee either (i) pursuant to Rule
144 (subject to the Payees execution and delivery to the Company of a customary 144 representation letter) or (ii) an effective
and available registration statement and (c) hereby directs _________________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common
Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated _________________, 20___ from the Company and acknowledged and agreed
to by ________________________.

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS,
INC,

a Delaware corporation

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

AMENDMENT, WAIVER AND CONSENT

This Amendment, Waiver and
Consent (this Amendment), dated as of January __, 2025, is by and between AtlasClear Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
formerly known as Calculator New PubCo, Inc. (the Company), and Funicular Funds, LP, a Delaware limited partnership
(the Investor). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to
such terms in the Purchase Agreement and/or the Note (as such terms are defined below), as applicable.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Investor are parties to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2024 (as the same has been, is being pursuant to this
Amendment, and/or may hereafter be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement),
pursuant to which the Company issued, and the Investor purchased, a secured convertible promissory note in an original principal amount
of $6,000,000 (the Note);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Purchase Agreement and the Note, (i) certain Subsidiaries of the Company (each, a Guarantor) entered into a Guaranty,
dated as of February 9, 2024 (the Guaranty), in favor of the Investor, (ii) the Company, the Guarantors and the Investor
entered into a Security Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2024 (the Security Agreement), and (iii) the Company and
the Investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2024 (the Registration Rights Agreement);

WHEREAS, Section 9(a) of the
Purchase Agreement imposes certain limits on the incurrence of additional Indebtedness by the Company and its Subsidiaries with the Investors
prior written consent; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Investor desire to (i) consent to the incurrence by the Company of certain additional Indebtedness and related matters, (ii) subject to,
and contingent upon, the consummation of the initial tranche of the contemplated transactions (as described herein), waive certain Events
of Default and other breaches of certain covenants and agreements under the Transaction Documents by the Company and/or the Guarantors
occurring prior to the date hereof and (iii) make certain amendments to the Purchase Agreement and the Note, all as more fully set forth
herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and further valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Amendments.

(a) 
Amendments to Note. Effective as of the date hereof:

(i) The
last sentence of the introductory paragraph of the Note is hereby revised by deleting the date November 9, 2025 in its entirety
and replacing it with January 31, 2028.

(ii) Section 2(b) of the Note
is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the text Reserved.

(iii) Section
9(c) of the Note is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the text Reserved.

(b) Amendment
to Registration Rights Agreement. Effective as of the date hereof, Section 2(e) of the Registration Rights agreement is hereby revised
by adding the following to the end thereof:

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, any Registration Delay Payments may be payable at the Companys option either in cash or in-kind by increasing
the principal amount of the Obligations by the amount of such Registration Delay Payments. Any Registration Delay Payments not paid in
cash by the second Business Day after such payment is due shall be deemed to have been paid-in-kind (except for any payments due on the
Maturity Date), and no interest shall accrue on any Registration Delay Payment that is payable in-kind hereunder. All amounts payable
hereunder shall be paid in full in cash on or before the Maturity Date.

2. Waivers.
Effective as of the Initial Closing of the Investment (as such terms are defined infra), the Investor irrevocably waives the following:

(a)Any failure by the Company to (i) obtain the approval of the Companys security holders to issue Common Shares in excess
of the Issuance Limit within 45 days of the Threshold Date, (ii) comply with the requirement in Section 2(e) and/or Section 3(b) of the
Registration Rights Agreement to file a final prospectus with the SEC under Rule 424(b) with respect to the Registration
Statement that was declared effective on August 14, 2024, or (iii) comply with the provisions of Section 3(c) of the Registration Rights
Agreement with respect to the Registration Statement, and any Event of Default arising pursuant to Section 3(d) of the Note as a result
of any of the foregoing.

(b)Any Event of Default arising pursuant to Section 3(e) of the Note as a result of any failure by the Company or any other Credit
Party to make any payment or satisfy any Contractual Obligation arising through and including the date hereof, to Chardan Capital Markets,
LLC, the sellers of Wilson-Davis & Co., Inc. or any of their respective assignees or Affiliates.

(c) Any Event of Default arising pursuant to Section 3(k) of the Note as a result of the Registration Statement not having become
effective within three (3) months following the closing of the Business Combination.

3. Consent.
The Company has entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement, each dated as of December 31, 2024,
with Hanire, LLC (collectively with its assignees, the Subscriber) pursuant to which, among other things, subject
to the terms and conditions contained therein, the Company will (i) issue and sell to the Subscriber up to 333,333 Common Shares, for
a purchase price of $15.00 per share (in each case, after adjustment for the reverse stock split effected by the Company on December 31,
2024), and (ii) borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of Forty Million Dollars ($40,000,000) (plus any amount by which the aggregate
purchase price for the Common Shares purchased by the Subscriber is less than $5,000,000 as a result of ownership limitations contained
in the Securities Purchase Agreement) pursuant to a convertible promissory note (the Proposed Note), which note would
be convertible into Common Shares in accordance with the terms thereof (the transactions contemplated by such Securities Purchase Agreement
and the Proposed Note, the Investment, and the issuance of the Proposed Note and funding of the initial tranche thereunder,
the Initial Closing). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation,
the limitations set forth in Section 9(a) of the Note, the Investor hereby irrevocably consents to the Investment. The Investor further
agrees, for the avoidance of doubt, that the transactions contemplated by the Investment shall not constitute a Fundamental Transaction.

4. Certain
Agreements. The Company and the Investor hereby acknowledge and agree that (a) as of December 31, 2024, the aggregate principal
amount of the Note, including all accrued interest through such date (all of which has been added to the principal amount as payment-in-kind)
and the aggregate amount of all Registration Delay Payments through such date, is $9,357,195, and (b) effective as of January 1, 2025,
the Note will accrue interest at the rate of 12.5% per annum specified in the Note, and not at the default rate of 20% per annum.

5. Representations
of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Investor as follows:

(a) It has taken all
necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment.

(b) This Amendment
has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes the Companys legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance
or transfer, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

(c) No consent, approval,
authorization or order of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any court or governmental authority or third party is required
in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Company of this Amendment.

(d) The execution and
delivery of this Amendment does not (i) violate, contravene or conflict with any provision of the Companys organization documents
or (ii) materially violate, contravene or conflict with any laws applicable to it or any of its Subsidiaries.

6. Reference
to and Effect on Transaction Documents. Except as specifically modified herein, the Transaction Documents shall remain in full
force and effect. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy
of the Investor under any of the Transaction Documents, or constitute a waiver or amendment of any provision of any of the Transaction
Documents, except as expressly set forth herein. This Amendment shall constitute a Transaction Document.

7. Further
Assurances. The Company and the Investor each agrees to execute and deliver, or to cause to be executed and delivered, all such
instruments as may reasonably be requested to effectuate the intent and purposes, and to carry out the terms, of this Amendment.

8. Miscellaneous.

(a) This
Amendment shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company, the Investor and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. The terms and provisions of this Amendment are for the purpose of defining the relative rights and obligations of the Company
and the Investor with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and there shall be no third party beneficiaries of any of the terms
and provisions of this Amendment.

(b) Section
headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for
any other purpose.

(c) Wherever
possible, each provision of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but
if any provision of this Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment.

(d) Except
as otherwise provided in this Amendment, if any provision contained in this Amendment is in conflict with, or inconsistent with, any provision
in the Transaction Documents, the provision contained in this Amendment shall govern and control.

(e) This
Amendment may be executed in any number of separate counterparts, each of which shall collectively and separately constitute one agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telecopy shall be effective as an original.

9. Entirety.
This Amendment and the other Transaction Documents embody the entire agreement between the parties and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Amendment and the other Transaction Documents represent the final
agreement between the parties and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the parties.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first
above written.

ATLASCLEAR HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ John M. Schaible 

Name: John M. Schaible

Title: Managing Member

FUNICULAR FUNDS, LP

By: /s/ Jacob Ma Weaver 

Name: Jacob Ma Weaver

Title: Managing Member of the GP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>atch-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>atch-20241231_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>atch-20241231_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 31, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity File Number 001-41956

Entity Registrant Name AtlasClear Holdings,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001963088

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-2303797

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2203 Lois Ave.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 814

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33607

City Area Code 727

Local Phone Number 446-6660

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ATCH

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://atlasclear.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atch-20241231.xsd 
atch-20241231_lab.xml 
atch-20241231_pre.xml 
tm252200d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001831-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm252200d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001963088 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001963088 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
AtlasClear Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-41956 
92-2303797 
2203 Lois Ave. 
Ste. 814 
Tampa 
FL 
33607 
727 
446-6660 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ATCH 
NYSEAMER 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>