<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-016100.txt : 20250221
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-016100.hdr.sgml : 20250221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250221161012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-016100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OSR Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840425
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				845052822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41390
		FILM NUMBER:		25651948

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NE 4TH STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-635-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10900 NE 4TH STREET, SUITE 2300
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210113
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231611-8k_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000184042500018404252025-02-142025-02-140001840425OSRH:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-142025-02-140001840425OSRH:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
14, 2025

OSR Holdings, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-41390 84-5052822

(State or Other Jurisdiction (CommissionFile Number) (IRS Employer

of Incorporation) Identification No.)

10900 NE 4th Street, Suite 2300, Bellevue, WA 98004

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code (425)
635-7700

Not
Applicable 

(Former Name or Former Address, if
Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if
the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under
the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e 4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on

which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share OSRH The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share OSRHW The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE

On February 14, 2025 (the Closing Date),
OSR Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.) (the Company) completed its previously announced
business combination (the Business Combination) with OSR Holdings Co., Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws
of the Republic of Korea (OSR), pursuant to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of
May 23, 2024, as amended on December 20, 2024 (the Business Combination Agreement), by and among the Company,
OSR, each stockholder of OSR that executed a Participating Joinder thereto (each such person, a Participating Stockholder),
and each stockholder of OSR that executed a Non-Participating Joinder thereto (each such person, a Non-Participating Stockholder,
and together with the Participating Stockholders, the OSR Stockholders).

On the Closing Date, the Company issued to the
Participating Stockholders an aggregate of 16,282,047 shares of Company common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Company
Common Stock), and the Participating Stockholders transferred their respective shares of OSRs Series A
common stock, with a par value of KRW 5,000 per share (OSR Common
Stock), to the Company (the Share Exchange). Following
the consummation of the Business Combination and the Share Exchange (the Closing),
the Company now owns approximately 67% of the outstanding OSR Common Stock, and OSR Stockholders holding an additional 22% of the
outstanding OSR Common Stock will continue to hold their shares of OSR Common Stock subject to the terms of the Non-Participating
Joinders which contain put and call rights whereby the Non-Participating Stockholders shall have the right to cause the Company
to purchase (the Put Right) and the Company shall have the right to
cause the Non-Participating Stockholders to sell to the Company or its designee (the Call
Right) all of the shares of OSR Common Stock owned and held of record by such Non-Participating Stockholder.
These rights become exercisable on or after the earlier of (i) January 1, 2026, or (ii) the date that the
Non-Participating Stockholder is notified by the Company of a transaction that will result in a change in control (as defined
in the Non-Participating Joinder) of the Company (the Trigger Date).
The Put Right and Call Right terminate and expire 120 days after the Trigger Date. The exchange ratio is fixed under the
put/call rights at the same exchange ratio set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, and there is no option for cash
settlement. Holders of approximately 11% of the outstanding OSR Common Stock did not sign a Joinder and will continue to hold their
shares of OSR Common Stock, and such shares will not be subject to any contractual put or call rights, or other conversion rights,
with or into Company Common Stock.

As of the Closing Date, Kuk Hyoun Hwang beneficially held approximately
67.8% of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, we,
us, our, New OSR Holdings and the Company refer to OSR Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (f/k/a Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation), and its consolidated subsidiaries following the
Closing. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to BLAC refer to Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation, prior to the Closing. All references herein to the Board refer to the board of directors of the Company.

Terms used in this Current Report on Form 8-K (this
Report) but not defined herein, or for which definitions are not otherwise incorporated herein by reference, shall
have the meaning given to such terms in the definitive proxy statement/prospectus (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus)
filed by BLAC with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31, 2025 in the section entitled Frequently Used Terms
beginning on page 2 thereof, and such definitions are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Participating Joinders

Prior to the Closing Date, the Company entered
into participating joinders (the Participating Joinders) with the Participating Stockholders, pursuant to which
the Company issued an aggregate of 16,282,047 shares of Company Common Stock to the Participating Stockholders in exchange for an aggregate
of 1,256,085 shares of OSR Common Stock, or approximately 67% of the outstanding shares of OSR Common Stock. Pursuant to the Participating
Joinders, the Participating Stockholders became party to the Business Combination Agreement with all attendant rights, duties and obligations
(including in respect of all of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement),
with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Participating Company Stockholder in the Business Combination
Agreement.

1

The Participating Joinders contain customary
representations, warranties and covenants, and include a general release of all claims against the Company, OSR and each of its and their
respective affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, employees, agents, administrators and trustees.

The foregoing summary is subject to and qualified
in its entirety by reference to the Form of Participating Joinder, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and the terms of which are incorporated
herein by reference.

Non-Participating Joinders

Prior to the Closing Date, the Company entered
into non-participating joinders (the Non-Participating Joinders and, together with the Participating Joinders, the
Joinders) with the Non-Participating Stockholders, pursuant to which the Non-Participating Stockholders became party
to the Business Combination Agreement with all attendant rights, duties and obligations (including in respect of all of the representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement), with the same force and effect as if originally
named as a Non-Participating Company Stockholder in the Business Combination Agreement.

The Non-Participating Joinders contain put
and call rights for the Non-Participating Stockholders and the Company, respectively, whereby the Non-Participating Stockholders
shall have the Put Right and the Company shall have the Call Right.

The Put Right and Call Right will be exercisable
on or after the Trigger Date. The Put Right and Call Right terminate and expire 120 days after the Trigger Date.

The Non-Participating Joinders contain customary
representations, warranties and covenants, and include a general release of all claims against the Company, OSR and each of its and their
respective affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, directors, employees, agents, administrators and trustees.

The foregoing summary is subject to and qualified
in its entirety by reference to the Form of Non-Participating Joinder, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and the terms of which are
incorporated herein by reference.

Lock-Up Agreements

On the Closing Date, the Company entered into
Lock-up Agreements (the Lock-Up Agreements) with Bellevue Capital Management LLC (BCM), BCM
Europe AG (BCME), Sung Jae Yu, and Sung Hoon Chung (together, the Holders), pursuant to which
the Holders are contractually restricted from selling or transferring between 70%-100% of their shares of Company Common Stock received
in the Share Exchange (the Lock-Up Shares). Such restrictions became applicable commencing from the Closing Date
and end (i) with respect to BCM and BCME, on the 36-month anniversary of the Closing Date; and (ii) with respect to Sung Jae Yu and Sung
Hoon Chung, on January 1, 2026.

The foregoing summary is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to the Form of Lock-Up Agreement, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.3 and the terms of which are incorporated herein by
reference.

Item
2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The disclosure set forth in the Introductory Note above
is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference.

2

FORM 10 INFORMATION

Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that
if the registrant was a shell company, as the Company was immediately before the Business Combination, then the registrant must disclose
the information that would be required if the registrant were filing a general form for registration of securities on Form 10. As a result
of the consummation of the Business Combination, and as discussed below in Item 5.06 of this Report, the Company has ceased to be a shell
company. Accordingly, the Company is providing below the information that would be included in a Form 10 if it were to file a Form 10.
Please note that the information provided below relates to the combined company after the consummation of the Business Combination, unless
otherwise specifically indicated or the context otherwise requires.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Report includes statements that express
the Companys opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future
results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can generally
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms believes, continues, could,
estimates, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends,
predicts, plans, may, might, possible, potential,
would, or should or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking
statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Report (including in
information that is incorporated by reference into this Report) and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations
concerning, among other things, the Business Combination and the benefits of the Business Combination, including results of operations,
financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the markets in which the Company operates. Such forward-looking statements
are based on available current market material and managements expectations, beliefs and forecasts concerning future events impacting
the Company.

As a result of a number of known and unknown risks
and uncertainties, the actual results or performance of the Company may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. The following important factors, in addition to those discussed under the heading Risk Factors
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, could affect the future
results of the Company and cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking
statements:

the
ability to achieve or sustain profitability;

changes
in applicable laws or regulations;

failure
to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination;

the
ability to maintain the listing of the shares of the Company Common Stock and warrants of
the Company on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq);

risks
related to the loss of one or more key employees or failure to attract and retain highly
skilled employees;

the
Companys strategy, future operations, financial position, revenues, projected costs,
projects and plans;

the
Companys ability to successfully and efficiently integrate future expansion plans
and opportunities;

the
Companys ability to grow its business in a cost-effective manner;

the
implementation, market acceptance and success of the Companys business model;

developments
and projections relating to the Companys competition and industry;

the
Companys expectations regarding its ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property
protection and not infringe on the rights of others;

the
outcome of any known and unknown litigation and regulatory proceedings; and

other
risks and uncertainties described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, including those under
the section entitled Risk Factors.

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on the Companys current expectations and beliefs concerning future
developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company
will be those that the Company has anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which
are beyond the Companys control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those
factors described or incorporated by reference under the heading Risk Factors below. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. The Company will not and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws.

Business

The business of the Company is described in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Business of OSR Holdings and Certain Information About OSR Holdings
beginning on page 239 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

3

Risk Factors

The risks associated with the Companys business
are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 50 thereof
and are incorporated herein by reference. A summary of the risks associated with the Companys business is also included on pages
41-43 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the heading Summary Risk Factors and are incorporated herein by reference.

Financial Information 

Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations

OSRs Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

BLACs Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page 312 thereof
and are incorporated herein by reference.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Reference is made to the disclosure in the section
titled OSRs Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Impacts
of COVID-19 and Market Conditions on Our Business on pages 290-91 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is incorporated
herein by reference.

Other Financial Information

The audited financial statements of OSR as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related notes thereto are set
forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

The unaudited financial statements of OSR as
of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the related notes thereto are set forth in Exhibit 99.3 hereto
and are incorporated herein by reference.

The audited financial statements of BLAC as of
and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related notes thereto are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning
on page F-27 thereof and are incorporated herein by reference.

The unaudited financial statements of BLAC as
of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the related notes thereto are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
beginning on page F-2 thereof and are incorporated herein by reference.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of the Company as of September 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 is filed as Exhibit 99.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Properties

The properties of the Company are described in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Business of OSR Holdings and Certain Information About OSR Holdings
beginning on page 239 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

4

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table and accompanying footnotes set forth information known to us regarding the beneficial ownership of the Companys
Common Stock following the consummation of the Business Combination by:

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of
the Companys Common Stock;

each
of our current named executive officers and directors; and

all
of our current executive officers and directors as a group.

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security
if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws
and similar laws, we believe that each person listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares.

The
beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock is based on 19,276,978 shares of the Companys Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately following consummation of the Business Combination.

Beneficial Ownership Table

Name and Address of Beneficial
Owner(1) Number of

Shares

Beneficially

Owned % of

Ownership 

Officer and Directors After the Transactions 

Kuk Hyoun Hwang(2) 13,069,104 67.8 %

Jun Chul Whang(3) * 

Gihyoun Bang * 

Sang Hoon Kim * 

Alcide Barberis * 

Joong Myung Cho * 

Hyuk Joo Jee * 

Sang Hyun Kim * 

Phil Geon Lee * 

Seng Chin Mah * 

Jin Whan Park(4) 20,000 * 

All such executive officers and directors as a group (11 individuals) 13,089,104 67.9 %

Greater than 5% Stockholders** 

Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors LLC(5) 1,332,500 6.9 %

BCM Europe AG(6) 8,612,634 44.7 %

Bellevue Capital Management LLC(7) 3,123,970 16.2 %

Duksung Co., Ltd. (8) 1,420,215 7.4 %

* Less than one percent.

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the address
of each beneficial owner is c/o OSR Holdings, Inc., 10900 NE 4th Street, Suite
2300, Bellevue, WA 98004.

(2) Interest consists of (i) 1,725,000
founder shares of the Companys Common Stock, (ii) the transfer of 34,500 shares
of the Companys common stock to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (Chardan),
(iii) 430,000 placement shares held of record by Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors
LLC (BGLSI), (iv) the transfer of 120,000 shares of the Companys
Common Stock by BGLSI to officers and directors of BLAC at the time of its initial public
offering, and (v) the transfer of 310,000 private placement units held by BGLSI
and 370,000 founder shares held by BGLSI to BCM Europe AG (BCME). BGLSIs
ownership an additional 12,000 shares underlying the private placement rights that convert
at the closing of the Business Combination and the shares of the Companys Common Stock
held by BCME and Bellevue Capital Management LLC (BCM) upon the closing
of the Business Combination. Mr. Hwang is the founder and managing partner of BCM, the
general partner of BGLSI, and has voting and dispositive power over the shares.

(3) Interest does not include shares of
the Companys Common Stock held by BGLSI. Mr. Whang is a minority owner of BCM
but has no voting or dispositive power over the shares of the Companys Common Stock
held by BGLSI.

(4) BGLSI transferred 20,000 shares of the Companys common stock
to Mr. Park.

(5) Interest consists of (i) 1,725,000
founder shares of the Companys Common Stock, (ii) the transfer of 34,500 shares
of the Companys Common Stock to Chardan, (iii) 430,000 placement shares held
of record by BGLSI, (iv) the transfer of 120,000 shares of the Companys
Common Stock by BGLSI to officers and directors of BLAC at the time of its initial public
offering, and (v) the transfer of 310,000 private placement units identical held
by BGLSI and 370,000 founder shares held by BGLSI to BCME. BGLSIs ownership post-closing includes
an additional 12,000 shares underlying the private placement rights that convert at
the closing of the Business Combination. Mr. Hwang is the founder and managing partner
of BCM, the general partner of BGLSI, and has voting and dispositive power over the shares.

5

(6) Interest consists of the 370,000 founder
shares and 310,000 private placement units (including the exercise of 310,000 private placement
warrants into 310,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock, the conversion of
310,000 private placement rights into 31,000 shares of the Companys Common Stock,
and the exercise of 60,000 private placement warrants that were also transferred to BCME
by BGLSI pursuant to the promissory note into 60,000 shares of the Companys Common
Stock) and 581,031 shares of OSR Common Stock held by BCME prior to the closing of the
Business Combination. The 581,031 shares of OSR Common Stock were exchanged for 7,531,634 shares
of the Companys Common Stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. BCME
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of BCM. The business address of BCME is Gotthardstrasse
26 6300 Zug Switzerland.

(7) Interest consists of 241,000 shares
of OSR Common Stock held by BCM prior to the closing of the Business Combination. The 241,000 shares
of OSR Common Stock were exchanged for 3,123,970 shares of the Companys Common
Stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. Mr. Hwang has voting and dispositive
over such shares.

(8) Interest consists of (i) 63,912 shares
of OSR Common Stock held by Duksung Co., Ltd. (Duksung) prior to the
closing of the Business Combination and (ii) 45,651 shares of OSR Common Stock
held by Duksung P&T Co., Ltd., an affiliate of Duksung, prior to the closing of the Business
Combination. The 109,563 shares of OSR Common Stock are being exchanged for 1,420,215 shares
of the Companys Common Stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination. The
business address of Duksung is 25 Sinwonro Yeongtonggu Suwonsi Gyeonggido, Republic of Korea.

Directors and Executive Officers

The Companys directors and executive officers
upon the Closing are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Management Following the Business
Combination beginning on page 322 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth in Item 5.02 to this Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

Executive Compensation

The compensation of the named executive officers
of OSR before the Business Combination is set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Executive and Director
Compensation of OSR Holdings beginning on page 285 thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth in Item 5.02 to this Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

At the special meeting of BLAC stockholders held
on February 13, 2025 (the Special Meeting), BLACs stockholders approved the Companys 2025 Omnibus
Incentive Plan (Incentive Plan). A description of the material terms of the Incentive Plan is set forth in the section
of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Proposal No. 4 The Incentive Plan Proposal, which is incorporated
herein by reference. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Incentive Plan, a copy of which
is attached as Exhibit 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers serves as a member of a compensation committee
(or other committee performing equivalent functions) of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our compensation
committee.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Certain relationships and related person transactions
of OSR are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Certain OSR Holdings Relationships and Related
Person Transactions beginning on page 302 thereof and is incorporated herein by reference.

Director Independence

Information regarding director independence is
described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Management Following the Business Combination
Director Independence beginning on page 324 thereof and is incorporated herein by reference.

Legal Proceedings

Reference is made to the disclosure regarding
legal proceedings in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Business of OSR Holdings and Certain Information
About OSR Holdings Legal Proceedings beginning on page 282 thereof and is incorporated herein by reference.

6

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common
Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

On February 18, 2025, the Companys Common
Stock and warrants commenced trading on Nasdaq under the symbols OSRH and OSRHW, respectively. It is the
present intention of the Board to retain all earnings, if any, for use in the Companys business operations and, accordingly, the
Board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent
upon the Companys revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash
dividends is within the discretion of the Board. Further, the ability of the Company to declare dividends may be limited by the terms
of financing or other agreements, and other agreements entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries from time to time.

Information regarding BLAC units, common stock,
rights and warrants and related stockholder matters are described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section titled Market
Price and Dividend Information on page 343 thereof, and such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Holders of Record

As of the Closing, the Company had 19,276,978 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held of record by 62 holders,
no shares of preferred stock outstanding and 7,330,000 warrants outstanding held of record by 5 holders. Such amounts do not include DTC
participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans

The information contained in the section titled Incentive
Plan in Item 5.02 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Description of Registrants Securities to be Registered

The Companys securities are described
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Description of Securities beginning on page 328 thereof
and that information is incorporated herein by reference. As described below, the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation was approved by BLACs stockholders at the Special Meeting and became effective upon filing with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on February
13, 2025.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

The indemnification of our directors and
officers is described in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled Management Following the Business
Combination Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers beginning on page 327
thereof and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

The information contained in the section titled Indemnification
Agreements in Item 5.02 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

The information set forth in Item 5.03 to this Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
5.01. Changes in Control of the Registrant

The information set forth above under Item 1.01 and Item 2.01 of this
Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers

The information set forth above in Management Following the Business Combination, Certain OSR Holdings Relationships and Related Person
Transactions, Certain BLAC Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Indemnification
of Directors and Executive Officers in Item 2.01 to this Report is incorporated herein by reference. Further, in connection
with the Business Combination, effective as of the Closing, David J. Yoo resigned from his position as BLACs Chief Financial Officer.
Additionally, effective as of the Closing of the Business Combination, Kuk Hyoun Hwang is the President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, Jun Chul Whang is Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, Gihyoun Bang is Chief Financial Officer and Sang Hoon Kim is Head of
Corporate Venture Capital.

7

Incentive Plan

As previously disclosed, at the Special Meeting, BLACs stockholders
approved the Companys Incentive Plan. A description of the material terms of the Incentive Plan is set forth in the section of
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus titled Proposal No. 4 The Incentive Plan Proposal, which is incorporated herein
by reference. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Incentive Plan, a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 10.5 to this Report.

Indemnification Agreements

On February 14, 2025, in connection with the
Closing, the Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. Each indemnification
agreement provides for the indemnification and advancement by the Company of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or
proceedings arising from service to the Company or, at its request, service to other entities, as officers or directors, to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law. The foregoing summary is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form of Indemnification
Agreement, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein to this Report.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

On February 14, 2025, the Company amended and restated its bylaws
(as amended, the A&R Bylaws).

A copy of the A&R Bylaws is attached as Exhibit 3.2 to this Report
and is incorporated herein by reference.

The material terms of the A&R Bylaws and
the general effect upon the rights of holders of the Companys capital stock are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
under the sections titled Proposal No. 2 The Charter Proposal, Proposal No. 3A 
3F The Advisory Governance Proposals, Description of Securities, and Comparison of
Corporate Governance and Stockholders Rights beginning on pages 222, 223, 328 and 336 of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.06. Change in Shell Company Status

As a result of the Business Combination, the
Company ceased to be a shell company. Reference is made to the disclosure in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled
Proposal No. 1 The Business Combination Proposal beginning on page 221 thereof, which is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

a) Financial statements.

The audited financial statements of OSR as of and for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related notes thereto are set forth in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

The unaudited financial statements of OSR as of and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the related notes thereto are set forth in Exhibit 99.3 hereto and are incorporated herein
by reference.

The audited financial statements of BLAC as of and for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related notes thereto are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page F-27 thereof
and are incorporated herein by reference.

The unaudited financial statements of BLAC as of and for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the related notes thereto are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus beginning on page
F-2 thereof and are incorporated herein by reference.

(b) Pro forma financial information.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of
the Company as of September 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 is filed
as Exhibit 99.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

(c) Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations

Managements discussion and analysis of the financial condition
and results of operations prior to the Business Combination is included in (a) OSR Holdings Managements Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference and (b) BLACs
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
beginning on page 312 thereof and is incorporated herein by reference.

8

(d) Exhibits

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description

2.1# Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2024, between Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. and OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to BLACs Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on May 30, 2024).

2.2 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2024, between Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. and OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to BLACs Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on December 23, 2024).

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 13, 2025).

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of OSR Holdings, Inc.

4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to BLACs Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)

4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 2 to BLACs Form S-1 (File No. 333-264597) filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022)

4.3 Warrant Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and BLAC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to BLACs Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41390) filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023)

10.1 Form of Participating Joinder

10.2 Form of Non-Participating Joinder

10.3 Form of Lock-Up Agreement

10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement

10.5+ 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to BLACs Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-280590) filed with the SEC on January 29, 2025).

21.1 Subsidiaries

23.1 Consent of RSM Shinhan Accounting Corporation

99.1 OSR Holdings Co., Ltd.s
Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30,
2023 and 2024, the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, and the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

99.2 Audited consolidated financial statements of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, including the related notes thereto.

99.3 Unaudited consolidated financial statements of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, including the related notes thereto.

99.4 Unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2024, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including the related notes thereto.

99.5 Corporate Governance and Nomination Charter.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

# Certain schedules, annexes and exhibits have been omitted
pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, but will be furnished to the SEC upon request.

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

9

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: February 21, 2025

OSR HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Kuk Hyoun Hwang 

Name: Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex3-2_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF OSR HOLDINGS, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BYLAWS

OF

OSR HOLDINGS, INC.

ARTICLE I

Meetings of Stockholders

Section 1.1 Annual Meetings.
If required by applicable law, an annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date, time and place,
if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors (the
Board of Directors) of OSR Holdings, Inc. (as such name may be changed in accordance with applicable law, the Corporation)
from time to time. Any annual meeting of stockholders may be postponed by action of the Board of Directors at any time in advance of such
meeting.

Section 1.2 Special Meetings.
Except as otherwise provided by or pursuant to the provisions of the Corporations certificate of incorporation (including any certificate
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware establishing a series of preferred stock of the Corporation) (as the same may
be amended or amended and restated, the Certificate of Incorporation), special meetings of stockholders for any purpose
or purposes may be called at any time, but solely and exclusively by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer
or by the directors entitled to cast a majority of the votes of the whole Board of Directors. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence,
special meetings of stockholders may not be called by any other person or persons. Any special meeting of stockholders may be postponed
by action of the Board of Directors or by the person calling such meeting (if other than the Board of Directors) at any time in advance
of such meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 1.3 Notice of Meetings.
Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given that shall state
the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such
date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting,
the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Amended and Restated Bylaws (as the same may be amended or amended and restated, these Bylaws), the notice
of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder
entitled to vote at such meeting, as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting.

Section 1.4 Adjournments.
Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, if any, and
notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications,
if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person or by proxy and vote at such adjourned meeting are
(a) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (b) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same
electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (c)
set forth in the notice of meeting in accordance with Section 1.3 of these Bylaws. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may
transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days,
a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment
a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record
date for notice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 1.8 of these Bylaws, and shall give notice of the adjourned
meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned
meeting.

Section 1.5 Quorum.
Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, by or pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, at each meeting
of stockholders the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of one-third in voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum. In the absence of a
quorum, the stockholders so present may, by a majority in voting power thereof, adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided
in Section 1.4 of these Bylaws until a quorum shall attend. Shares of the Corporations capital stock shall neither be entitled
to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes if such shares belong to (a) the Corporation, (b) to another corporation, if a majority of
the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly by the Corporation
or (c) any other entity, if a majority of the voting power of such other entity is held, directly or indirectly by the Corporation or
if such other entity is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation; provided, however, that the foregoing
shall not limit the right of the Corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own capital stock, held by it in a fiduciary
capacity. 

Section 1.6 Organization.
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, or in his or her absence by the
Chief Executive Officer, if any, or in his or her absence, by a chairperson designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of
such designation by a chairperson chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence
the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

Section 1.7 Voting; Proxies.
Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder
entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of capital stock of the Corporation held
by such stockholder which has voting power upon the matter in question. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders
or to consent to corporate action without a meeting, if any, may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy,
but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy
shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law
to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person
or by delivering to the Secretary a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date. Voting at meetings of stockholders need
not be by written ballot. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of stockholders for the election
of directors at which a quorum is present, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect. When a quorum is present at any
meeting of stockholders, all other elections, questions or business presented to the stockholders at such meeting shall be decided by
the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast with respect to any such election, question or business presented to the stockholders
unless the election, question or business is one which, by express provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the rules
or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities or
the laws of the State of Delaware, a vote of a different number or voting by class or series is required, in which case, such express
provision shall govern.

Section 1.8 Fixing Date
for Determination of Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any
meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to consent to corporate action without a meeting (where permitted by or pursuant
to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation), or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution
fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date: (a) in the case of a determination of stockholders
entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise required by applicable law, not
be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting and, unless the Board of Directors determines, at
the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting shall also be the
record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting; (b) in the case of a determination of stockholders entitled
to consent to corporate action without a meeting (where permitted by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation),
shall not be more than ten (10) days from the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors;
and (c) in the case of any other action, shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed:
(i) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close
of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next
preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (ii) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action
without a meeting, if any, when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which
a signed consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable
law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which
the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and (iii) the record date for determining stockholders for any
other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination
of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for the stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned
meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing
provisions of this Section 1.8 at the adjourned meeting. 

2

Section 1.9 List of Stockholders
Entitled to Vote. The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth (10th) day before each meeting of stockholders,
a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting; provided, however, if the record date for determining
the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled
to vote as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each
stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing contained in this Section 1.9 shall require
the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to
the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the
meeting date (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list
is provided with the notice of meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation.
The list of stockholders must also be open to examination at the meeting as required by applicable law. Except as otherwise provided by
applicable law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders
required by this Section 1.9 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. In the event that the Corporation
determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information
is available only to stockholders of the Corporation.

Section 1.10 Action By
Consent in Lieu of Meeting. Any action that is required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation at any annual
or special meeting of stockholders may be effected by consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting of stockholders except as otherwise
precluded pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. When, as permitted by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation, action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders is taken without a meeting,
without prior notice and without a vote, a consent or consents, setting forth the action so taken, shall be given by the holders of outstanding
capital stock of the Corporation having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action
at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation in accordance
with applicable law. When, as permitted by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, action required or permitted
to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders is taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, prompt
notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous consent shall be given to those stockholders who
are entitled thereto under applicable law. 

Section 1.11 Inspectors
of Election. The Corporation may, and shall if required by applicable law, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one
or more inspectors of election, who may be employees of the Corporation, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and to make
a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails
to act. In the event that no inspector so appointed or designated is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the individual presiding
over the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his
or her duties, shall take and sign an oath to execute faithfully the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the
best of his or her ability. The inspector or inspectors so appointed or designated shall (a) ascertain the number of shares of capital
stock of the Corporation outstanding and the voting power of each such share, (b) determine the shares of capital stock of the Corporation
represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (c) count all votes and ballots, (d) determine and retain for a reasonable
period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors and (e) certify their determination of
the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and such inspectors count of all votes and
ballots. Such certification and report shall specify such other information as may be required by applicable law. In determining the validity
and counting of proxies and ballots cast at any meeting of stockholders, the inspectors may consider such information as is permitted
by applicable law. No individual who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election.

3

Section 1.12 Conduct of
Meetings. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each election, question or business upon which the stockholders
will vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be announced at the meeting by the individual presiding over the meeting. The Board of Directors
may adopt (by resolution or resolutions thereof) such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall
deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the individual
presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and to adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such
rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such individual, are appropriate for the proper conduct
of the meeting of stockholders. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the
individual presiding over the meeting of stockholders, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda
or order of business for the meeting of stockholders; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting of stockholders and
the safety of those present; (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting of stockholders to stockholders of record
of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the individual presiding over the meeting of
stockholders shall determine; (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting of stockholders after the time fixed for the commencement thereof;
and (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants in the meeting of stockholders. The Board of Directors
or, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting of stockholders, the individual
presiding over any meeting of stockholders, in each case, shall have the power and duty to determine whether any election, question or
business was or was not properly made, proposed or brought before the meeting of stockholders and therefore shall be disregarded and not
be considered or transacted at the meeting, and, if the Board of Directors or the individual presiding over the meeting, as the case may
be, determines that such election, question or business was not properly made, proposed or brought before the meeting of stockholders
and shall be disregarded and not be considered or transacted at the meeting, the individual presiding over the meeting shall declare to
the meeting that such election, question or business was not properly made, proposed or brought before the meeting and shall be disregarded
and not be considered or transacted at the meeting, and any such election, question or business shall not be considered or transacted
at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the individual presiding over the meeting, meetings of
stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

Section 1.13 Notice of Stockholder Business
and Nominations.

(a) Annual Meetings of
Stockholders. (i) Nominations of one or more individuals for election to the Board of Directors by the stockholders generally entitled
to vote (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude nominations of one or more individuals for election as Class/Series Directors)
(each, a Nomination, and more than one, Nominations) and the proposal of any question or business
other than a Nomination or Nominations to be considered by the stockholders generally entitled to vote (which, for the avoidance of doubt,
shall exclude any question or business other than a Nomination or Nominations required by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation to be voted on solely and exclusively by the holders of any class (voting separately as a class) or series (voting separately
as a series) of capital stock of the Corporation then outstanding) (collectively, Business) may be made at an annual
meeting of stockholders only (A) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto); provided, however,
that reference in the Corporations notice of meeting to the election of directors or the election of members of the Board of Directors
shall not include or be deemed to include a Nomination or Nominations, (B) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (C) by
any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record of the Corporation at the time the notice provided for in this Section
1.13 is delivered to the Secretary, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the procedures set forth in this
Section 1.13.

4

(ii) For Nominations or Business
to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder pursuant to Section 1.13(a)(i)(C), the stockholder
must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary and any proposed Business must constitute a proper matter for stockholder
action. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation
not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred
twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders; provided,
however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than seventy (70) days
after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred
twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th)
day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such
meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting
of stockholders commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.
Such stockholders notice shall set forth: (A) as to each Nomination to be made by such stockholder, (1) all information relating
to the individual subject to such Nomination that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in
an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), without regard to the application of the Exchange Act to either the Nomination
or the Corporation, (2) such individuals written consent to being named in any proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as director
if elected, (3) a description of any direct or indirect compensation or benefit (including, without limitation, indemnification and/or
advancement rights) to which the individual subject to such Nomination may be entitled under any agreement, arrangement or understanding
with any person other than the Corporation (including, without limitation, the amount of any such monetary compensation) in connection
with such individuals nomination or service as a director of the Corporation and (4) a description of any other material relationship
or relationships between or among the individual subject to such Nomination and/or such individuals affiliates and associates,
on the one hand, and the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Nomination or Nominations
is/are made and/or such stockholders or beneficial owners respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert
with such stockholder or beneficial owner or their respective affiliates and associates, on the other hand, including, without limitation,
all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such stockholder, beneficial owner,
affiliate, associate or other person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the individual subject to such Nomination
was a director or officer of such registrant; (B) as to the Business proposed by such stockholder, a brief description of the Business,
the text of the proposed Business (including the text of any resolution or resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that
such Business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment), the reason or reasons for conducting such
Business at the meeting and any material interest or interests in such Business of such stockholder and of the beneficial owner, if any,
on whose behalf the Business is proposed; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf
the Nomination, Nominations or Business is/are made (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations
books, and of such beneficial owner, if any, and any of their respective affiliates or associates or others acting in concert with them,
(2) the class, series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder
and such beneficial owner, if any, (3) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote at such meeting and such stockholder (or a qualified representative of such stockholder) intends to appear in person
or by proxy at the meeting to propose such Nomination, Nominations or Business and (4) a representation as to whether the stockholder
or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (x) to deliver by proxy statement and/or form of proxy to
holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the Business or elect
the nominee or nominees subject to the Nomination or Nominations and/or (y) to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders of the Corporation
in support of such Nomination, Nominations or Business; provided, however, that if the Business is otherwise subject to
Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereto) promulgated under the Exchange Act (Rule 14a-8), the foregoing notice requirements
shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his, her or its intention to present such
Business at an annual meeting of stockholders in compliance with Rule 14a-8, and such Business has been included in a proxy statement
that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting of stockholders. The Corporation may require (1)
any individual subject to such Nomination to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require to determine the
eligibility of such individual subject to such Nomination to serve as a director of the Corporation if elected and (2) the stockholder
giving notice to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require to demonstrate that any Business is a proper
matter for stockholder action at an annual meeting of stockholders. 

5

(iii) Notwithstanding anything
in the second sentence of Section 1.13(a)(ii) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board
of Directors by the stockholders generally entitled to vote (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any Class/Series Directors)
at an annual meeting of stockholders is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for election
to the additional directorships at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first (1st) anniversary of the preceding years
annual meeting of stockholders, a stockholders notice required by this Section 1.13 shall also be considered timely, but
only with respect to nominees for election to such additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which
such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.

(b) Special Meetings of
Stockholders. Only such Business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting
pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto); provided, however, that reference therein
to the election of directors or the election of members of the Board of Directors shall not include or be deemed to include Nominations.
Nominations may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which one or more directors are to be elected by the stockholders generally
entitled to vote (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any Class/Series Directors) pursuant to the Corporations notice
of meeting (or any supplement thereto) as aforesaid (provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be
elected at such meeting) (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder
of record at the time the notice provided for in this Section 1.13 is delivered to the Secretary, who is entitled to vote at the
meeting and upon such election and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.13. In the event the Corporation
calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors by the stockholders
generally entitled to vote (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any Class/Series Directors), any such stockholder entitled
to vote in such election may make a Nomination or Nominations of one or more individuals (as the case may be) for election to such position(s)
as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting pursuant to Section 1.13(a)(i)(A), if the stockholders notice
required by Section 1.13(a)(ii) shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier
than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close
of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following
the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of such special meeting and of the nominee(s) proposed by the Board of
Directors to be elected at such special meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special
meeting of stockholders commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described
above. 

(c) General. (i) Only
individuals subject to a Nomination made in compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.13 shall be eligible for
election at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and only such Business shall be conducted at an annual or special meeting of
stockholders as shall have been brought before such meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.13. Except
as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Board of Directors or the individual presiding over an annual or special meeting of stockholders
shall have the power and duty to determine whether (A) a Nomination or any Business proposed to be brought before the meeting was or was
not made, proposed or brought, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.13 and (B) any
proposed Nomination, Nominations or Business shall be disregarded or that such Nomination, Nominations or Business shall not be considered
or transacted at the meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.13, if the stockholder (or a qualified
representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders to present a Nomination, Nominations
or Business, such Nomination, Nominations or Business shall be disregarded and such Nomination, Nominations or Business shall not be considered
or transacted at the meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation.

(ii) For purposes of this Section
1.13, public announcement shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service,
Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with or publicly furnished by
the Corporation to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 and 15(d) (or any successor thereto) of the Exchange
Act.

(iii) Nothing in this Section
1.13 shall be deemed to affect any (A) rights or obligations, if any, of stockholders with respect to inclusion of proposals in the
Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (to the extent the Corporation or such proposals are subject to Rule 14a-8),
(B) rights or obligations, if any, of stockholders with respect to the inclusion of a nominee in a universal proxy card pursuant to Rule
14a-19 (or any successor thereto) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (C) rights, if any, of the holders of any class or series of capital
stock of the Corporation as provided for or filed by or pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation and then outstanding to, solely and
exclusively, elect one or more directors outstanding (collectively, the Class/Series Directors and each, a Class/Series
Director).

6

ARTICLE II

Board of Directors

Section 2.1 Number; Qualifications.
Except for any Class/Series Directors, the Board of Directors shall consist of one or more members, the number thereof to be determined
from time to time by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. Directors need not be stockholders.

Section 2.2 Resignation;
Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. Any director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation. Subject to the rights,
if any, of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation as provided for or fixed by or pursuant to the provisions
of the Certificate of Incorporation and then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number
of directors or any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause,
shall be filled solely and exclusively by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining
director. Any director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he or she has replaced
and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, subject to such directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification
or removal. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Section 2.3 Regular Meetings.
Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places within or without the State of Delaware and at such times as the
Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

Section 2.4 Special Meetings.
Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or place within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by
the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or by the directors entitled to cast at least half of the votes
of the whole Board of Directors. Notice of a special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given by or at the direction of the person
or persons calling the meeting (a) in the case of notice delivered by mail, at least five (5) days before the special meeting, (b) in
the case of notice delivered by courier, at least forty-eight (48) hours before the special meeting, or (c) in the case of notice delivered
by electronic mail, at least twenty-four (24) hours before the special meeting.

Section 2.5 Telephonic
Meetings Permitted. Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a
meeting thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all individuals participating in
the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall constitute presence in person
at such meeting.

Section 2.6 Quorum; Vote
Required for Action. At all meetings of the Board of Directors the directors entitled to cast a majority of the votes of the whole
Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except in cases in which the Certificate of Incorporation,
these Bylaws or applicable law otherwise provides, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the directors present at a meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.

Section 2.7 Organization.
Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, or in his or her absence,
by the Chief Executive Officer, if any, or in his or her absence, by a chairperson chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary
of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any individual to act as secretary of the meeting.

Section 2.8 Action by Unanimous
Consent of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by or pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, (a) any action
required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting
if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission
and (b) a consent may be documented, signed and delivered in any manner permitted by Section 116 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the General Corporation Law). After action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto
shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic
form as the minutes are maintained.

7

ARTICLE III

Committees

Section 3.1 Committees.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof
present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another
member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the
extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors or these Bylaws, shall have
and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation,
and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it.

Section 3.2 Committee Rules.
Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board of Directors may make, alter and repeal rules
for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board
of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these Bylaws.

ARTICLE IV

Officers

Section 4.1 Executive Officers;
Election; Qualifications; Term of Office, Resignation; Removal; Vacancies. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and a Secretary, and shall choose a Chairperson of the Board of Directors from among its members. The Board of
Directors may also choose a President, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and one or more Assistant
Treasurers and such other officers as it shall from time to time deem necessary or desirable. Each such officer shall hold office until
the first meeting of the Board of Directors after the annual meeting of stockholders next succeeding his or her election, and until his
or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer may resign at any time
upon written notice to the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by or pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of
Directors may remove any officer with or without cause at any time, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights
of such officer, if any, with the Corporation. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any vacancy occurring in any office
of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors
at any regular or special meeting.

Section 4.2 Powers and
Duties of Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and duties in the management of the Corporation as may
be prescribed in these Bylaws or a resolution by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their
respective offices, subject to the control of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may require any officer, agent or employee
to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties.

Section 4.3 Appointing
Attorneys and Agents; Voting Securities of Other Entities. Unless otherwise provided by resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board
of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time appoint an attorney or attorneys
or agent or agents of the Corporation, for, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to cast the votes which the Corporation may
be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities in any other corporation or other entity, any of whose stock or other securities
may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the holders of the stock or other securities of such other corporation or other entity,
or to consent, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other corporation or other entity, and may instruct
the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consents, and may execute or cause to be executed
for, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such proxies or other instruments as
he or she may deem necessary or proper. Any of the rights set forth in this Section 4.3 which may be delegated to an attorney or
agent may also be exercised directly by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.

8

ARTICLE V

Stock

Section 5.1 Certificates.
Every holder of capital stock of the Corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in
the name of, the Corporation by any two (2) authorized officers of the Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate
form. Each of the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary, in addition to any other officers
of the Corporation authorized by the Board of Directors (by resolution or resolutions thereof) or these Bylaws, is hereby authorized to
sign certificates by, or in the name of, the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case
any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased
to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same
effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. The Corporation shall not have the power
to issue a certificate in bearer form.

Section 5.2 Lost, Stolen
or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates or Uncertificated Shares. The Corporation may issue a new certificate
of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to
give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft
or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.

Section 5.3 Restrictions.
If the Corporation issues any shares that are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and registered or qualified under the applicable state securities laws, such shares may not be transferred without the consent of the
Corporation and the certificates evidencing such shares or the notice required by Delaware law, as the case may be, shall contain substantially
the following legend (or such other legend adopted by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors):

THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS
ON TRANSFERABILITY SET FORTH IN THE CORPORATIONS AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS (AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED OR AMENDED AND RESTATED)
AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS,
PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE CORPORATION.

9

ARTICLE VI

Indemnification

Section 6.1 Right to Indemnification.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and
hold harmless each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding),
by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation,
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership,
joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an
Indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer,
employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered
and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid
in settlement) reasonably incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with such proceeding; provided, however, that, except as provided
in Section 6.3 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify an Indemnitee in connection
with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board
of Directors.

Section 6.2 Right to Advancement
of Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 6.1, an Indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid
by the Corporation to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law the expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys
fees) incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement
of expenses); provided, however, that, if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such Indemnitee,
including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon the Corporations receipt of an undertaking
(hereinafter an undertaking), by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately
be determined that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise.

Section 6.3 Right of Indemnitee
to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim
therefor has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable
period shall be 20 days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of
the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting or defending such
suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by an Indemnitee
to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover
an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a
final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that, the
Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including
its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have
made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because
the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including
a determination by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its
stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has
not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, shall be a defense to such suit.
In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation
to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VI or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

Section 6.4 Non-Exclusivity
of Rights. The rights provided to any Indemnitee pursuant to this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right, which such
Indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, an agreement, a vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.

Section 6.5 Insurance.
The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation
or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

10

Section 6.6 Indemnification
of Other Persons. This Article VI shall not limit the right of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted
by law to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Indemnitees. Without limiting the foregoing, the Corporation may, to
the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses
to any employee or agent of the Corporation and to any other person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with
respect to an employee benefit plan, to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VI with respect to the indemnification and
advancement of expenses of Indemnitees under this Article VI.

Section 6.7 Amendments.
Any repeal or amendment of this Article VI by the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in applicable
law, or the adoption of any other provision of these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article VI, will, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in applicable law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification
rights to Indemnitees on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right
or protection existing hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent
provision; provided however, that amendments or repeals of this Article VI by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the stockholders
holding at least 65% of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation.

Section 6.8 Certain Definitions.
For purposes of this Article VI, (a) references to other enterprise shall include any employee benefit plan; (b) references
to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; (c) references to
serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service that imposes duties on, or involves services by, a person
with respect to any employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and (d) a person who acted in good faith and in a manner
such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed
to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation for purposes of Section 145 of the DGCL.

Section 6.9 Contract Rights.
The rights provided to Indemnitees pursuant to this Article VI shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnitee
who has ceased to be a director, officer, agent or employee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitees heirs, executors
and administrators.

Section 6.10 Severability.
If any provision or provisions of this Article VI shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a)
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VI shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation, each such portion of
this Article VI containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to
the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous

Section 7.1 Fiscal Year.
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors.

Section 7.2 Seal. The
corporate seal of the Corporation shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall be in such form as may be approved
from time to time by the Board of Directors.

Section 7.3 Manner of Notice.
Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or permitted by applicable law, notices to directors and stockholders shall be in writing
or electronic transmission and delivered by mail, courier service or electronic mail to the directors or stockholders at their addresses
appearing on the records of the Corporation.

Section 7.4 Waiver of Notice
of Meetings of Stockholders, Directors and Committees. Any waiver of notice, given by the person entitled to notice, whether before
or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver
of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting,
to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at nor
the purpose of any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors, or members of a committee of directors need be specified
in a waiver of notice.

11

Section 7.5 Form of Records.
Any records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of
account, and minute books, may be kept on, or by means of, or be in the form of, any information storage device, method, or one or more
electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases); provided that the records
so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time, and, with respect to the stock ledger, that the records
so kept comply with applicable law.

Section 7.6 Amendment of
Bylaws. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, and new bylaws made, by the Board of Directors, but the stockholders may
make additional bylaws and may alter and repeal any bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise. In addition to any affirmative vote required
by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, any bylaw that is to be made, altered, amended or repealed by the
stockholders of the Corporation shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority in voting power of all of the
then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, voting together as a single class.

Section 7.7 Forum for Adjudication
of Disputes.

(a) Delaware
Courts. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or employee of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any civil action to interpret, apply or enforce any provision of the General Corporation
Law, (iv) any civil action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, however, in the
event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction over such action, the sole and exclusive forum for such action
shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in all cases, subject to such court having personal jurisdiction
over the indispensable parties named as defendants. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 7.7(a) shall not apply to the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 

(b) Federal
Courts. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United
States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.

(c) Application.
Failure to enforce the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.7 would cause the Corporation irreparable harm and the Corporation
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance,
to enforce the foregoing provisions. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 7.7. This Section 7.7 shall not apply
to any action asserting claims arising under the Exchange Act.

Adopted Effective As of February 14, 2025.

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex10-1_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PARTICIPATING JOINDER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

JOINDER

(Participating Stockholder Form)

This JOINDER (this Joinder)
is entered into by and between the undersigned Participating Company Stockholder set forth on the signature page hereto (the Joined
Party) and Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (BLAC). Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, BLAC, OSR Holdings
Co., Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of Korea (the Company), each holder of Company
Common Stock that executes a Participating Stockholder Joinder on or prior to the Closing (each such Person, a Participating
Company Stockholder), and each holder of Company Common Stock that executes a Non-Participating Stockholder Joinder on or prior
to the Closing (each such Person, a Non-Participating Company Stockholder, and together with BLAC, the Company and
the Participating Company Stockholders, the Parties and each a Party) have entered into an Amended
and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2024, as amended on December 20, 2024 (the Agreement).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions contained herein and in the Agreement, the undersigned
Participating Stockholder and BLAC, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement
to be Bound as a Participating Company Stockholder under the Agreement. The Joined Party hereby agrees that upon execution and delivery
of this Joinder, it shall become a Party to the Agreement with all attendant rights, duties and obligations (including in respect of all
of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions of the Agreement), with the same force and effect as if originally
named as a Participating Company Stockholder and shall be deemed a Participating Company Stockholder for all
purposes thereof, and such references therein shall be construed as if the Joined Party executed the Agreement on the date thereof.

2. Exchange
of Shares. At the Effective Time, pursuant to and in accordance with the Agreement, (i) the Joined Party hereby sells, transfers,
conveys, assigns and delivers to BLAC the shares of Company Common Stock owned and held of record by the Joined Party as set forth on
Schedule A hereto (the Exchanged Company Shares) and (ii) BLAC agrees to issue to the Joined Party
the number of shares of BLAC Common Stock set forth on Schedule A hereto (the BLAC Shares) (such exchange,
the Exchange). In accordance with Section 2.01 of the Agreement, the number of BLAC shares issuable to the Joined
Party set forth on Schedule A is equal to the number of Exchanged Company Shares multiplied by the Per Share Consideration
and any fractional share of BLAC Common Stock that would otherwise be issuable to the Joined Party shall be rounded up or down to the
nearest whole share of BLAC Common Stock.

3. Representations
and Warranties. The Joined Party hereby affirms to BLAC the representations and warranties the Joined Party makes as a Participating
Company Stockholder as set forth in Article IV of the Agreement. In addition, the Joined Party hereby represents and warrants to BLAC
on the date hereof and as of the Effective time as follows:

(a) The
Exchanged Company Shares constitute all Company Capital Stock held by the Joined Party and the Joined Party holds no other option, warrant,
right or other instruments convertible into or exchangeable for Company Capital Stock.

(b) The
Joined Party acknowledges that, prior to executing this Joinder, the Joined Party has carefully reviewed the Agreement, which the Joined
Party acknowledges has been provided to such Joined Party. The Joined Party acknowledges that such Joined Party has been given an opportunity
to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of BLAC concerning the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. In determining
whether to enter into this Joinder, the Joined Party has relied solely on Joined Partys own knowledge and understanding of BLAC
and its business based upon the Joined Partys own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph.
The Joined Party understands that no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations which were not
furnished pursuant to this paragraph and the Joined Party has not relied on any other representations or information in entering into
this Joinder, whether written or oral, relating to BLAC, its operations and/or its prospects.

(c) The
Joined Party acknowledges that execution of this Joinder may involve tax and legal consequences and that the contents of the Agreement
and this Joinder do not contain tax or legal advice or information. The Joined Party acknowledges that such Joined Party must retain,
and has had the opportunity to retain, such Joined Partys own professional tax, legal and other advisors to evaluate the tax, legal
and other consequences of executing this Joinder and becoming a Party to the Agreement. The Joined Party represents that Joined Party
is not relying on (and will not at any time rely on) any communication (written or oral) of BLAC, the Company or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees or agents, as investment, tax, legal or other advice or as a recommendation to execute this Joinder, it
being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the this Joinder and the Agreement shall not
be considered investment, tax, legal or other advice or a recommendation to execute this Joinder.

4. Covenant
Not to Sell, Transfer, or Assign the Exchanged Company Shares or any Interest therein.

(a) The
Joined Party agrees not to sell, pledge, dispose of, grant or encumber, or authorize the sale, pledge, disposition, grant or encumbrance
of, the Exchanged Company Shares, or any options, convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire the Exchanged Company
Shares, or any other ownership interest, of the Exchanged Company Shares.

5. General
Release of all Claims. The Joined Party acknowledges and agrees that the delivery of the BLAC Shares in exchange for the Exchanged
Company Shares pursuant to the Exchange in accordance with this Joinder represents payment in full and satisfies all obligations BLAC
or the Company has to the Joined Party with regard to Company Capital Stock, including the Exchanged Company Shares. The Joined Party
hereby agrees to and does release and forever discharge BLAC, the Company and each of its and their respective affiliates, successors,
assigns, officers, directors, employees, agents, administrators and trustees (collectively, the Released Parties)
from any and all claims, losses, expenses, liabilities, rights and entitlements of every kind and description, whether known or unknown,
that the Joined Party has now or may later claim to have had against any of the Released Parties in any way related to the Joined Partys
Company Capital Stock, including the Exchanged Company Shares, or status as a holder of Company Capital Stock; provided, that the foregoing
release does not affect the Joined Partys rights under and pursuant to the Agreement.

2

6. Indemnification
of Released Parties. The Joined Party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Released Parties from and against any loss,
liability, damage, cost or expense (including costs and reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) suffered, incurred or paid
by a Released Party which would not have been suffered, incurred or paid if the representations and warranties of the Joined Party in
the Agreement or this Joinder had been true, complete and correct in all material respects. The Joined Party will, upon request, execute
any additional documents necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions contemplated in the Agreement with respect to the Exchanged
Company Shares or any other Company Capital Stock.

7. Counterparts.
A copy of this Joinder may be executed and delivered electronically and in counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to
be one and the same instrument and have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Joinder.

8. Notices.
All notices, demands and other communications to the Joined Party shall be sent to the address set forth on the signature page hereto.

9. Miscellaneous.
Unless otherwise specifically set forth in this Joinder, the provisions of Section 10.01 (Notices), Section 10.03
(Severability), Section 10.06 (Governing Law), and Section 10.08 (Headings) of the Agreement are incorporated
by reference herein and shall be deemed applicable to this Joinder mutatis mutandis.

[Signature pages follow]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Joined
Party has executed this Joinder as of the date set forth below.

JOINED PARTY

If Joined Party is an Individual:

Individual Participating Company 

Stockholder as documented in the records of the Company:

Name:

Address: 

Email: 

Date:

If Joined Party is an Entity:

Name of Participating Company 

Stockholder Entity as it appears in the records of the Company:

Name:

Title:

Address: 

Email: 

Date:

[Signature Page to Participating Company Stockholder
Joinder]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, BLAC has
executed this Joinder as of the date set forth below.

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

By 

Name: Jin Whan Park

Title: M&A Committee Member

Date: 

[Signature Page to Participating Company Stockholder
Joinder]

Schedule A1

Exchanged Company Shares BLAC Shares

[] []

1 NTD: All references to the number of Company Shares and
the BLAC Shares in this Joinder are subject to appropriate adjustment to reflect any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend
or other change in the Company Common Stock or BLAC Common Stock which may be made by the Company or BLAC after the date of this Joinder.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex10-2_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF NON-PARTICIPATING JOINDER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

JOINDER

(Non-Participating Stockholder Form)

This JOINDER (this Joinder)
is entered into by and between the undersigned Non-Participating Company Stockholder set forth on the signature page hereto (the Joined
Party) and Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (BLAC). Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement (as defined below).

WHEREAS, BLAC, OSR Holdings
Co., Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of Korea (the Company), each holder of Company
Common Stock that executes a Participating Stockholder Joinder on or prior to the Closing (each such Person, a Participating
Company Stockholder), and each holder of Company Common Stock that executes a Non-Participating Stockholder Joinder on or prior
to the Closing (each such Person, a Non-Participating Company Stockholder, and together with BLAC, the Company and
the Participating Company Stockholders, the Parties and each a Party) have entered into an Amended
and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2024, as amended on December 20, 2024 (the Agreement).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions contained herein and in the Agreement, the undersigned
Non-Participating Company Stockholder and BLAC, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement
to be Bound as a Non-Participating Company Stockholder under the Agreement. The Joined Party hereby agrees that upon execution and
delivery of this Joinder, it shall become a Party to the Agreement with all attendant rights, duties and obligations (including in respect
of all of the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions of the Agreement), with the same force and effect as if
originally named as a Non-Participating Company Stockholder and shall be deemed a Non-Participating Company Stockholder
for all purposes thereof, and such references therein shall be construed as if the Joined Party executed the Agreement on the date thereof.

2. Put
and Call Rights. The Joined Party shall have the right to cause BLAC to purchase (the Put Right) and BLAC shall
have the right to cause the Joined Party to sell to BLAC or its designee (the Call Right) all of the shares of Company
Common Stock owned and held of record by the Joined Party as set forth on Schedule A hereto (the Company Shares)
on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

(a) Put
Right. At any time on or after the Trigger Date (as defined below), the Joined Party may give written notice (the Put Notice)
to BLAC that the Joined Party elects to exercise the Put Right to require BLAC to acquire all but not less than all of the Joined Partys
Company Shares in exchange for the number of shares of BLAC Common Stock set forth on Schedule A hereto (the BLAC
Shares).

(b) Call
Right. At any time on or after the Trigger Date, BLAC may give written notice (the Call Notice) to the Joined
Party of BLACs election to exercise the Call Right to require the Joined Party to sell to BLAC (or BLACs designee) all of
the Company Shares in exchange for the BLAC Shares.

(c) Trigger
Date and Notice of Change in Control. For purposes of this Joinder, the term Trigger Date shall mean January
1, 2026 or the date that the Joined Party is notified by BLAC of a transaction that will result in a Change in Control (as defined in
Schedule A hereto). BLAC hereby covenants and agrees that it shall provide the Joined Party written notice of any transaction
that will result in a Change in Control at least 20 business days (or such shorter period to which the Joined Party consents) prior to
the closing of such Change in Control transaction.

(d) Closing
of Put and Call Transaction. The closing of the Put Right or Call Right hereunder (the Put/Call Closing) shall
occur as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than the 10th day) after receipt by (i) BLAC of the Put Notice, in the
case of exercise of the Put Right, or (ii) the Joined Party of the Call Notice, in the case of exercise of the Call Right; provided,
however, in the event of a Change in Control, the exercise of the Put Right or Call Right and the Put/Call Closing shall be conditioned
on the consummation of such Change in Control and shall be effective immediately before the consummation thereof. At the Put/Call Closing,
(i) the Joined Party agrees to deliver to BLAC the Company Shares and such documents, certificates and agreements as reasonably requested
by BLAC to effect transfer to and evidence the ownership of the Company Shares by BLAC or its designee, free and clear of all liens, security
interests, mortgages, pledges, charges, claims, limitations or any other restriction of any kind, including any restriction on the ownership,
use, voting, transfer, possession, receipt of income or other exercise of any attributes of ownership (collectively, Liens)
and (ii) BLAC agrees to deliver to the Joined Party the BLAC Shares, which shall validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable.

(e) BLAC
Conditions to Put Closing. The obligations of BLAC to consummate the Put Closing are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where
permissible) at or prior to the Put Closing of the following additional conditions:

(i) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Joined Party in Article IV of the Agreement and in this Joinder shall
each be true and correct in all material respects as of the Put Closing as though made on the date of the Put Closing.

(ii) Agreements
and Covenants. The Joined Party shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required
by the Agreement and this Joinder to be performed, or complied with by it on or prior to the Put Closing.

3. Representations
and Warranties. The Joined Party hereby affirms to BLAC the representations and warranties the Joined Party makes as a Non-Participating
Company Stockholder as set forth in Article IV of the Agreement. In addition, the Joined Party hereby represents and warrants to
BLAC on the date hereof and as of the date of the Put/Call Closing as follows:

(a) The
Company Shares constitute all Company Capital Stock held by the Joined Party and the Joined Party holds no other option, warrant, right
or other instruments convertible into or exchangeable for Company Capital Stock.

2

(b) The
Joined Party acknowledges that, prior to executing this Joinder, the Joined Party has carefully reviewed the Agreement, which the Joined
Party acknowledges has been provided to such Joined Party. The Joined Party acknowledges that such Joined Party has been given an opportunity
to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of BLAC concerning the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. In determining
whether to enter into this Joinder, the Joined Party has relied solely on Joined Partys own knowledge and understanding of BLAC
and its business based upon the Joined Partys own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph.
The Joined Party understands that no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations which were not
furnished pursuant to this paragraph and the Joined Party has not relied on any other representations or information in entering into
this Joinder, whether written or oral, relating to BLAC, its operations and/or its prospects.

(c) The
Joined Party acknowledges that execution of this Joinder may involve tax and legal consequences and that the contents of the Agreement
and this Joinder do not contain tax or legal advice or information. The Joined Party acknowledges that such Joined Party must retain,
and has had the opportunity to retain, such Joined Partys own professional tax, legal and other advisors to evaluate the tax, legal
and other consequences of executing this Joinder and becoming a Party to the Agreement. The Joined Party represents that the Joined Party
is not relying on (and will not at any time rely on) any communication (written or oral) of BLAC, the Company or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees or agents, as investment, tax, legal or other advice or as a recommendation to execute this Joinder, it
being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the this Joinder and the Agreement shall not
be considered investment, tax, legal or other advice or a recommendation to execute this Joinder.

4. Covenant
Not to Sell, Transfer, or Assign the Company Shares or any Interest therein. The Joined Party agrees not to sell, pledge, dispose
of, grant or encumber, or authorize the sale, pledge, disposition, grant or encumbrance of, the Company Shares, or any options, convertible
securities or other rights of any kind to acquire the Company Shares, or any other ownership interest, of the Company Shares.

5. General
Release of all Claims. The Joined Party acknowledges and agrees that the delivery of the BLAC Shares in exchange for the Company Shares
pursuant to the exercise of the Put Right or Call Right in accordance with this Joinder represents payment in full and satisfies all obligations
BLAC or the Company has to the Joined Party with regard to Company Capital Stock, including the Company Shares. The Joined Party hereby
agrees to and does release and forever discharge BLAC, the Company and each of its and their respective affiliates, successors, assigns,
officers, directors, employees, agents, administrators and trustees (collectively, the Released Parties) from any
and all claims, losses, expenses, liabilities, rights and entitlements of every kind and description, whether known or unknown, that the
Joined Party has now or may later claim to have had against any of the Released Parties in any way related to the Joined Partys
Company Capital Stock, including the Company Shares, or status as a holder of Company Capital Stock; provided, that the foregoing release
does not affect the Joined Partys rights under and pursuant to the Agreement.

6. Indemnification
of Released Parties. The Joined Party agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Released Parties from and against any loss,
liability, damage, cost or expense (including costs and reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) suffered, incurred or paid
by a Released Party which would not have been suffered, incurred or paid if the representations and warranties of the Joined Party in
the Agreement or this Joinder had been true, complete and correct in all material respects. The Joined Party will, upon request, execute
any additional documents necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions contemplated in the Agreement with respect to the Company
Shares or any other Company Capital Stock.

3

7. Counterparts.
A copy of this Joinder may be executed and delivered electronically and in counterparts, and each such counterpart shall be deemed to
be one and the same instrument and have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Joinder.

8. Notices.
All notices, demands and other communications to the Joined Party shall be sent to the address set forth on the signature page hereto.

9. Miscellaneous.
Unless otherwise specifically set forth in this Joinder, the provisions of Section 10.01 (Notices), Section 10.03
(Severability), Section 10.06 (Governing Law), and Section 10.08 (Headings) of the Agreement are incorporated
by reference herein and shall be deemed applicable to this Joinder mutatis mutandis.

10. Termination
Date. The Put Right and Call Right set forth herein and the provisions of Section 4 hereof terminate and expire 120 days after the
Trigger Date (the Termination Date).

[Signature pages follow]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Joined
Party has executed this Joinder as of the date set forth below.

JOINED PARTY

If Joined Party is an Individual:

Individual Non-Participating Company Stockholder as documented in the records of the Company:

Name:

Address: 

Email: 

Date:

If Joined Party is an Entity:

Name of Non-Participating Company Stockholder Entity as it appears in the records of the Company:

Name:

Title:

Address: 

Email: 

Date:

[Signature Page to Non-Participating Stockholder
Joinder]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, BLAC has
executed this Joinder as of the date set forth below.

BELLEVUE LIFE SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP.

By 

Name: Jin Whan Park

Title: M&A Committee Member

Date: 

[Signature Page to Non-Participating Stockholder
Joinder]

ScheduleA1

Company Shares BLAC Shares

[] []

Change in Control
means the occurrence of any of the following:

(a) A transaction
or a series of related transactions whereby any Person or group (other than BLAC or any affiliate of BLAC) becomes the beneficial owner
of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting stock of BLAC, on a fully diluted basis;

(b) BLAC
consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into, BLAC (regardless of whether
BLAC is the surviving Person), other than any such transaction in which the holders of equity securities representing 100% of the voting
stock of BLAC immediately prior to such a transaction own directly or indirectly at least a majority of the voting power of the voting
stock of the surviving Person in such merger or consolidation immediately after such transaction;

(c) The
consummation of any direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition (other than by way of reorganization, merger,
or consolidation), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of BLAC and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, to any Person or group (other than BLAC or any affiliate of BLAC), except any such transaction or series of transactions
in which the holders of equity securities representing 100% of the voting stock of BLAC immediately prior to such a transaction own directly
or indirectly at least a majority of the voting power of the voting stock of such Person or group immediately after such transaction or
series of transactions; or

(d) The
consummation of a plan or proposal for the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of BLAC.

The board of BLAC shall have full and final authority,
in its sole discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date
of the occurrence of such Change in Control, and any incidental matters relating thereto.

1 All references to the number of Company Shares and the BLAC Shares in this Joinder are
subject to appropriate adjustment to reflect any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend or other change in the Company
Common Stock or BLAC Common Stock which may be made by the Company or BLAC after the date of this Joinder.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex10-3_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

THIS LOCK-UP AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is dated as of the Closing Date as set forth below by and between the undersigned stockholder (the Holder)
and OSR Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (New OSR).

WHEREAS, New OSR, OSR Holdings
Co., Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of Korea (the Company), each Participating Company
Stockholder, and each Non-Participating Company Stockholder entered into an Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement dated
as of May 23, 2024, as amended on December 20, 2024 (the Business Combination Agreement). Capitalized terms used,
but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Business Combination Agreement;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (the Closing), New OSR holds
greater than 60% of the Company Fully Diluted Share Amount;

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in
accordance with the Business Combination Agreement, at the Closing, the Holder became the record and/or beneficial owner of New OSR Common
Stock; and

WHEREAS, as a condition of,
and as a material inducement for New OSR to enter into and consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement,
the Holder has agreed to execute and deliver this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Lock-Up.

(a) Subject
to Section 4 below, during the Lock-Up Period, the Holder agrees that it, he or she will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or
otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of the Lock-Up Shares (as defined herein), enter into a transaction that would have
the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of the Lock-Up Shares or otherwise, publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to
enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement, or engage in any Short Sales (as defined below) with respect to the Lock-Up
Shares (any of the foregoing, a Prohibited Transfer).

(b) In furtherance
of the foregoing, during the Lock-Up Period, New OSR will (i) place a stop order on all the Lock-Up Shares, including those which may
be covered by a registration statement, and (ii) notify New OSRs transfer agent in writing of the stop order and the restrictions
on the Lock-Up Shares under this Agreement and direct New OSRs transfer agent not to process any attempts by the Holder to resell
or transfer any Lock-Up Shares, except in compliance with this Agreement.

(c) For
purposes hereof, Short Sales include all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation
SHO under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and all types of direct and indirect
stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, swaps and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales
and other transactions through non-US broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers.

(d) The
term Lock-Up Period means the date from the Closing until the Trigger Date set forth on the
Holders signature page hereto.

(e) For
purposes of this Agreement, Lock-Up Shares means the shares of New OSR Common Stock issued to the Holder upon consummation
of the Business Combination subject to any Excluded Shares set forth on the Holders signature page hereto.

2. Permitted
Transfers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, a Prohibited Transfer will not include, and the undersigned
may transfer Lock-Up Shares in connection with (a) transfers or distributions to the Holders direct or indirect affiliates (within
the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)) or to the estates of any
of the foregoing; (b) transfers by bona fide gift to a member of the Holders immediate family (for purposes of this Agreement,
immediate family shall mean with respect to any natural person, any of the following: such persons spouse, the siblings
of such person and his or her spouse, and the direct descendants and ascendants (including adopted and step children and parents) of such
person and his or her spouses and siblings) or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the Holder or a member of the Holders immediate
family for estate planning purposes; (c) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death of the Holder; (d) pursuant to a
qualified domestic relations order; (e) transfers to New OSRs officers, directors or their affiliates; (f) transfers as a dividend
or distribution to limited partners, shareholders, members of, or owners of similar equity interests in the Holder; (g) pledges of Lock-Up
Shares as security or collateral in connection with a borrowing or the incurrence of any indebtedness by the Holder, provided,
however, that such borrowing or incurrence of indebtedness is secured by either a portfolio of assets or equity interests issued
by multiple issuers; (h) transfers pursuant to a bona fide third-party tender offer, merger, stock sale, recapitalization, consolidation
or other transaction involving a change of control of New OSR; provided, however, that in the event that such tender offer,
merger, recapitalization, consolidation or other such transaction is not completed, the Lock-Up Shares subject to this Agreement shall
remain subject to this Agreement; and (i) the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act;
provided, however, that such plan does not provide for the transfer of Lock-Up Shares during the Lock-Up Period; provided,
however, that, in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing (a) through (f) clauses, it shall be a condition to any such
transfer that (i) the transferee/donee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions set forth in Section
1) to the same extent as if the transferee/donee were a party hereto; and (ii) each party (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) shall
not be required by law (including the disclosure requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act) to make, and shall agree to
not voluntarily make, any filing or public announcement of the transfer or disposition prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.

2

3. Representations
and Warranties. Each of the parties hereto, by their respective execution and delivery of this Agreement, hereby represents and warrants
to the other that (a) such party has the full right, capacity and authority to enter into, deliver and perform its respective obligations
under this Agreement, (b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such party and is a binding and enforceable obligation
of such party and, enforceable against such party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (c) the execution, delivery and
performance of such partys obligations under this Agreement will not conflict with or breach the terms of any other agreement,
contract, commitment or understanding to which such party is a party or to which the assets or securities of such party are bound. The
Holder has independently evaluated the merits of his/her/its decision to enter into and deliver this Agreement, and such Holder confirms
that he/she/it has not relied on the advice of New OSR, the Company, their respective legal counsels, or any other person.

4. No Additional
Fees/Payment. Other than the consideration specifically referenced herein to be issued in connection with the Business Combination
Agreement, the parties hereto agree that no fee, payment or additional consideration in any form has been or will be paid to the Holder
in connection with this Agreement.

5. Notices. All
notices, demands and other communications to the Holder shall be sent to the address set forth on the Holders signature page hereto.
All notices, demands and other communications to New OSR shall be sent to:

Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition Corp.

10900 NE 4th Street, Suite 2300

Bellevue, WA 98004

USA

Attention: Jin Whan Park and Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Email: jinwhanpark@gmail.com and peter.hwang@bellevuecm.com

with a copy to:

K&L Gates LLP

925 Fourth Avenue, Suite 2900

Seattle, WA 98104

USA

Attention: Gary Kocher

Phone: (206) 579-0092

Email: gary.kocher@klgates.com

6. Termination
of Business Combination Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Holder upon the Holders execution and delivery
of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall only become effective upon the Closing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, in the event that the Business Combination Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the Closing, this Agreement
and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect.

3

7. Enumeration and
Headings; Interpretation. The enumeration and headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall
not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions of this Agreement. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement
are for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the context
otherwise requires: (i) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the
singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (ii) including (and with correlative
meaning include) means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding or succeeding such term and
shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation; and (iii) the words herein,
hereto, and hereby and other words of similar import shall be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular section or other subdivision of this Agreement.

8. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered electronically, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

9. Successors and
Assigns. This Agreement and the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions hereof shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the
benefit of, the respective heirs, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. The Holder hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement
is entered into for the benefit of and is enforceable by New OSR and its successors and assigns.

10. No
Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any instrument or document executed by any party in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby shall create any rights in, or be deemed to have been executed for the benefit of, any person or entity that is not
a party hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a party.

11. Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be conformed to prevailing
law rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties and, in any event, the remaining provisions of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding upon the parties hereto.

12. Amendment and
Waivers. This Agreement may be amended or modified, or any provision hereof waived, by written agreement executed by each of the
parties hereto. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waivers of or
exceptions to any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as
a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition, or provision.

13. Further Assurances.
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

14. No Strict Construction.
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party.

15. Governing Law.
Section 10.06 of the Business Combination Agreement is incorporated by reference herein to apply with full force to any disputes arising
under this Agreement.

16. Entire
Agreement; Controlling Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing between the
parties is expressly canceled; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect the rights and obligations of
the parties under the Business Combination Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement. To the extent the terms of this Agreement (as amended,
supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time) directly conflict with any provisions in the Business Combination Agreement,
the terms of this Agreement shall control.

[Signature Pages Follow]

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, New OSR
has executed this Lock-Up Agreement effective as of the date of the Closing (the Closing Date) as set forth below.

Closing Date:

OSR HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[New OSR Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Holder
has executed this Lock-Up Agreement effective as of the Closing Date.

Trigger Date: Holder

If Holder is an Individual:

Holder as documented in the records of the Company:

[Number of
Excluded Shares:] 

Name:

Address:

Email:

If Holder is an Entity:

Name of Entity as it appears in the records of the Company:

Name:

Title:

Address:

Email:

[Holder Signature Page to Lock-Up Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex10-4_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

DIRECTOR AND OFFICER

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This DIRECTOR AND OFFICER
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT (as amended from time to time, this Agreement), is made and entered into as of February
14, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between OSR Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, formerly known as Bellevue
Life Sciences Acquisition Corp. (the Company), and the undersigned (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, it is essential to
the Company that it be able to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable individuals available;

WHEREAS, increased corporate
litigation has subjected directors and officers to litigation risks and expenses, and the limitations on the availability and terms and
conditions of directors and officers liability insurance have made it increasingly difficult for the Company to attract and retain as
directors and officers the most capable individuals available;

WHEREAS, the Companys
certificate of incorporation as in effect on the Effective Date (as thereafter amended or amended and restated from time to time, the
Charter) provides that a director or officer of the Company shall not be liable to the Company or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty except to the extent that such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not
permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL);

WHEREAS, the Companys
bylaws as in effect on the Effective Date (as thereafter amended or amended and restated from time to time, the Bylaws)
provide for the indemnification of and advancement of expenses to the Companys directors and officers under certain circumstances;

WHEREAS, under the DGCL, the
Charter (and, under the Bylaws, the Bylaws) are not exclusive and the Company is permitted to make other or additional indemnification
and advancement agreements;

WHEREAS, to promote the Companys
ability to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve as directors and officers of the Company, the Company maintains, and will
continue to attempt to maintain, directors and officers liability insurance to protect the Companys directors and
officers from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
that Indemnitee serve or continue to serve, as applicable, as a director and/or officer, as applicable, of the Company;

WHEREAS, to further promote
the Companys ability to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve as directors and officers of the Company, the Company
desires to provide Indemnitee with specific contractual assurance of Indemnitee s rights to indemnification and advancement of
expenses to protect against litigation risks and expenses (regardless, among other things, of any change in the ownership of the Company
or the composition of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors)); and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is relying
upon the rights afforded to Indemnitee under this Agreement in accepting service or continuing to serve, as applicable, in Indemnitees
position as a director and/or officer, as applicable, of the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises and the covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is
hereby acknowledged, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

(a) Change
in Control shall mean (i) any merger, consolidation, share exchange, conversion, domestication, continuance or business combination
involving the Company or any Subsidiary (as defined below) resulting of the voting power of the capital stock or other securities of the
Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation, share exchange, conversion, domestication, continuance or business combination
representing less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the capital stock or other securities of the surviving or resulting
entity or parent thereof immediately following such merger, consolidation, share exchange, conversion, domestication, continuance of business
combination, (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition in a single transaction or a series of related transactions,
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (iii) the acquisition by any person
(as such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) (other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee
benefit plan of the Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of
shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting power of the capital
stock or other securities of the Company or any Subsidiary, including, without limitation, by way of tender or exchange offer, in a single
transaction or a series of related transactions, (iv) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (v) any change in
the composition of a majority of the Board of Directors in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, in each case described
in subsections (i) (v) of this definition, occurring after the Effective Date, unless, in each case, such transaction was adopted
and approved by the members of the Board of Directors in office on the Effective Date (or new or additional members of the Board of Directors
nominated or approved by such directors after the Effective Date).

(b) Corporate
Status describes the status of an individual who is serving or has served (i) as a director or officer of the Company, (ii)
in any capacity or service with respect to any employee benefit plan of the Company or any one or more of the Subsidiaries, (iii) as a
director, officer, manager, general partner, trustee, employee, or agent of any Subsidiary at the request of the Company while a director
or officer of the Company, or (iv) as a director, officer, manager, general partner, trustee, employee, or agent of any other Entity at
the request of the Company while a director or officer of the Company.

(c) Court
of Chancery shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware.

(d) Entity
(and more than one, Entities) shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership (including, without
limitation, any general, limited or limited liability partnership), joint venture, trust, enterprise, non-profit entity, foundation, association,
organization or other legal entity.

2

(e) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(f) Expenses
shall mean all fees, costs and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with any Proceeding (as defined below) or any claim, issue or
matter involved in any Proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, disbursements and retainers, fees,
costs, expenses and disbursements of experts or expert witnesses, private investigators and professional advisors (including, without
limitation, accountants and investment bankers), court costs, transcript costs, travel expenses (including, without limitation, the travel
expenses of experts or expert witnesses, private investigators and professional advisors), duplicating, printing and binding costs, telephone
and fax transmission charges, postage, delivery services, secretarial services and other disbursements and expenses.

(g) Liabilities
shall mean liabilities, judgments, damages, losses, penalties, excise taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement.

(h) Proceeding
shall mean any threatened, pending or completed claim, action, suit, proceeding, litigation, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute
resolution process, investigation, administrative hearing, or appeal, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative,
whether formal or informal, including, without limitation, a judicial proceeding initiated by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 to enforce
Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

(i) Subsidiary
(and more than one, Subsidiaries) shall mean any Entity in which the Company owns (beneficially or of record) at
least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the shares of capital stock, limited liability company or membership interests, partnership
interests, beneficial interests or other securities of such Entity.

2. Services
of Indemnitee. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations under this Agreement, Indemnitee agrees to serve
or continue to serve, as applicable, as a director and/or officer, as applicable, of the Company. This Agreement, however, shall not impose
any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required
by applicable law or by other agreements or commitments of Indemnitee or the Company, if any.

3. Agreement
to Indemnify and Hold Harmless. Subject to the exceptions contained in Section 4, if Indemnitee is or was a party to, or is or was
threatened to be made a party to, or is or was otherwise involved (as a deponent, witness or otherwise) in, any Proceeding or any claim,
issue or matter involved in any Proceeding by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against all Expenses and Liabilities actually and reasonably incurred
or paid by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter (referred to herein as Indemnifiable
Expenses and Indemnifiable Liabilities, respectively, and collectively as Indemnifiable Amounts).

3

4. Exceptions
to Indemnification. Indemnitee shall be entitled to the indemnification provided in Section 3 in all circumstances other than the
following:

(a) Proceedings
Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. If indemnification is sought by Indemnitee under Section 3 and it has been
adjudicated finally by a court of competent jurisdiction evidenced by a final nonappealable order that, in connection with any Proceeding
(other than any Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation) or any claim, issue or matter involved in any such Proceeding out of
which the claim for indemnification under this Agreement has arisen, (i) Indemnitee failed to act in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or (ii) with respect to any criminal Proceeding, Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful, then Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification
of Indemnifiable Amounts under this Agreement with respect to such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter, as applicable.

(b) Proceedings
by or in the Right of the Company. If indemnification is sought by Indemnitee under Section 3 and it has been adjudicated finally
by a court of competent jurisdiction evidenced by a final nonappealable order that Indemnitee is liable to the Company with respect to
any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status or
any claim, issue or matter involved in any such Proceeding out of which the claim for indemnification under this Agreement has arisen,
then Indemnitee shall not be entitled to Indemnifiable Amounts under this Agreement with respect to such Proceeding or such claim, issue
or matter, as applicable, unless the Court of Chancery or the court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability, but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such Indemnifiable Amounts which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

(c) United
States Securities Laws. If indemnification is sought by Indemnitee under Section 3 and the Company reasonably determines that indemnification
of Indemnitee would violate the securities laws of the United States.

For purposes of this Section 4, including, without
limitation and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in the court adjudication contemplated by this Section 4, Indemnitee
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Company, or with respect to any criminal Proceeding, without reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful,
if Indemnitees act or omission is based, in good faith, upon (i) the records of the Company, (ii) such information, opinions, reports
or statements presented to the Company, the Board of Directors or any committee of the Board of Directors by any of the Companys
officers, employees, directors, other committees of the Board of Directors, legal counsel, professional advisors, experts or any other
person as to matters Indemnitee reasonably believes are within such other persons professional or expert competence and who has
been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company, and/or (iii) such information, opinions, reports or statements presented
to an Entity for which Indemnitee has Corporate Status or such Entitys officers, employees, directors, committees of such Entitys
board of directors, managers, general partners, trustees, legal counsel, professional advisors, experts or any other person as to matters
Indemnitee reasonably believes are within such other persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable
care by or on behalf of such Entity.

4

5. Procedure
for Indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts.

(a) Indemnitee
shall, following the final adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction evidenced by a final nonappealable order, submit to the Company
a written claim specifying the Indemnifiable Amounts for which Indemnitee seeks indemnification under Section 3 and the basis for such
claim. At the reasonable request of the Company, Indemnitee shall furnish such documentation and information as are reasonably available
to Indemnitee and necessary to establish that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, and the Company shall pay
any fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, disbursements and retainers, duplicating,
printing and binding costs, telephone and facsimile transmission charges, postage, delivery services, secretarial services and other disbursements
and expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in furnishing such documentation and information. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Indemnitee shall not be required to furnish documentation or information where the provision of such documentation or information by Indemnitee
reasonably could be expected to (i) result in the loss of the attorney-client privilege, work product privilege or similar privilege or
protection, (ii) be prohibited by applicable law, or (iii) be prohibited by the terms of any agreement to which Indemnitee is a party.

(b) Subject
to Section 4, the Company shall pay such Indemnifiable Amounts to Indemnitee within sixty (60) calendar days after receipt of such written
claim.

6. Indemnification
for Expenses of a Participant. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is or was, by
reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a participant (as a deponent, witness or otherwise) in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee
is or was not a party or is or was not threatened to be made a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified as provided in Section 3.

7. Indemnification
for Expenses Where Indemnitee is Wholly or Partly Successful.

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, and without limiting any such provision, to the extent that Indemnitee is or was, by reason of
Indemnitee s Corporate Status, a party to and is or was successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to any Proceeding or any claim,
issue or matter involved in any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred with
respect to such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter, as applicable. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, and by
way of further explanation, if Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as
to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters involved in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against
all Expenses with respect to each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter.

(b) For
purposes of this Section 7, successful shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, include, but not be limited
to, (i) a termination, withdrawal or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in
any Proceeding, without any express finding of liability or guilt against Indemnitee, (ii) the expiration of one hundred twenty (120)
days after the making of any claim or threat of any Proceeding without the institution of same and without the entering into of any settlement
or compromise with respect to such claim or threat, or (iii) the entering into of any settlement or compromise with respect to any Proceeding
or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding pursuant to which Indemnitee is obligated to pay or is found liable for an amount
less than $25,000.

5

8. Effect
of Certain Resolutions; Waiver of Right of Contribution Against Indemnitee. Neither the termination of any Proceeding or any claim,
issue or matter involved in any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contedere or its
equivalent, nor the failure of the Company to award indemnification or to determine that indemnification is payable, shall create a presumption
that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. The Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any right of contribution that it may have against Indemnitee with respect to any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter
involved in any Proceeding in which the Company and Indemnitee are jointly liable.

9. Agreement
to Advance Expenses; Undertaking. The Company shall pay to Indemnitee, all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
in connection with any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding, including, without limitation, a Proceeding
by or in the right of the Company and a Proceeding to enforce indemnification and advancement rights under this Agreement, in advance
of the final disposition of such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter, if Indemnitee furnishes the Company with a written undertaking
to repay the amount of such Expenses advanced to Indemnitee if it is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction evidenced
by a final nonappealable order that Indemnitee is not entitled under Section 3 to indemnification with respect to such Expenses. To the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such undertaking shall be an unlimited general obligation of Indemnitee, shall be accepted
by the Company without regard to the financial ability of Indemnitee to make repayment, and shall in no event be required to be secured.

10. Procedure
for Advancement of Expenses. Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written claim specifying the Expenses for which Indemnitee seeks
advancement under Section 9, and the basis for such claim, together with documentation evidencing that Indemnitee has actually and reasonably
incurred such Expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indemnitee shall not be required to furnish documentation or information where
the provision of such documentation or information by Indemnitee reasonably could be expected to (a) result in the loss of the attorney-client
privilege, work product privilege or similar privilege or protection, (b) be prohibited by applicable law, or (c) be prohibited by the
terms of any agreement to which Indemnitee is a party. The Company shall advance such Expenses to Indemnitee or on behalf of Indemnitee
within twenty (20) calendar days after receipt of such written claim and documentation.

11. Remedies
of Indemnitee.

(a) Right
to Petition Court. In the event that Indemnitee submits to the Company a written claim for indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts
under Section 3 and Section 5 or submits to the Company a written claim for advancement of Expenses under Section 9 and Section 10, and
the Company fails to make such indemnification or advancement, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Indemnitee may
petition the Court of Chancery to enforce the Companys obligations under this Agreement.

6

(b) Burden
of Proof. In any judicial proceeding brought under Section 11(a), the Company shall have the burden of proving that Indemnitee is
not entitled to indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancement of Expenses, as applicable, under this Agreement.

(c) Expenses.
The Company agrees to reimburse Indemnitee in full for any Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with
investigating, preparing for, litigating, defending, prosecuting or settling any judicial proceeding brought by Indemnitee under Section
11(a), except where such judicial proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved therein is adjudicated finally by a court of competent
jurisdiction evidenced by a final nonappealable order in favor of the Company.

(d) Validity
of Agreement. The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any Proceeding, including, without limitation, any judicial proceeding
under Section 11(a), that the provisions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable or that there is insufficient consideration
for this Agreement and shall stipulate in such judicial proceeding that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(e) Failure
to Act Not a Defense. The failure of the Company (including, without limitation, the Board of Directors or any committee of the Board
of Directors, independent legal counsel, or the Companys stockholders) to make a determination concerning the permissibility of
the indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts shall not be a defense in any judicial proceeding brought under Section 11(a), and shall
not create a presumption that such indemnification is not permissible under this Agreement.

12. Notice
By Indemnitee; Defense of the Underlying Proceeding.

(a) Notice
by Indemnitee. Indemnitee agrees to notify the Company promptly in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena,
complaint, indictment, information, or other document relating to any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding
which may result in the indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts or the advancement of Expenses under this Agreement; provided,
however, that the failure to give any such notice shall not disqualify Indemnitee from the right, or otherwise affect in any manner
any right of Indemnitee, to receive indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement, except to
the extent the Companys ability to defend in such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter is materially prejudiced thereby.

(b) Defense
by Company. Subject to the provisions of the last sentence of this Section 12(b) and of Section 12(c), the Company shall have the
right to defend Indemnitee in any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding which may give rise to the indemnification
of Indemnifiable Amounts under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company shall notify Indemnitee of any such decision
to defend within ten (10) calendar days of the Companys receipt of notice of any such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter
under Section 12(a). The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Indemnitee, consent to the entry of any judgment against
Indemnitee or enter into any settlement or compromise which (i) includes an admission of fault of Indemnitee, or (ii) does not include,
as an unconditional term thereof, the full release of Indemnitee from all liability in respect of such Proceeding or such claim, issue
or matter, which release shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. This Section 12(b) shall not apply to a
Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in a Proceeding brought by Indemnitee under Section 11(a) or pursuant to Section 20.

7

(c) Indemnitees
Right to Counsel. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12(b), (i) if in a Proceeding or a claim, issue or matter involved in
a Proceeding to which Indemnitee is a party by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, (A) Indemnitee reasonably concludes that
Indemnitee may have separate defenses or counterclaims to assert with respect to such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter which
are inconsistent with the position of other defendants in such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter, as applicable, or (B) a conflict
of interest or potential conflict of interest exists between Indemnitee and the Company, or (ii) if the Company fails to assume the defense
of such Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter in a timely manner, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be represented by separate legal
counsel, which shall represent other persons similarly situated, of Indemnitees and such other persons choice and reasonably
acceptable to the Company at the expense of the Company. In addition, if the Company fails to comply with any of its obligations under
this Agreement or in the event that the Company or any other person takes any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable,
or institutes any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding to deny or to recover from Indemnitee the benefits
intended to be provided to Indemnitee under this Agreement, except with respect to any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved
in any Proceeding that is resolved in favor of the Company, Indemnitee shall have the right to retain counsel of Indemnitees choice,
at the expense of the Company, to represent Indemnitee in connection with any such Proceeding or claim, issue or matter.

(d) Consent
to Judgment or Settlement or Compromise by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), consent to the entry of any judgment against Indemnitee or consent to or enter
into any settlement or compromise with respect to any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding with respect
to which the Company may have indemnification or advancements obligations to Indemnitee under this Agreement. The Company shall have no
obligation to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding
for which a judgment, settlement or compromise is consented to or entered into by Indemnitee without the prior written consent of the
Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

13. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to Indemnitee as follows:

(a) Authority.
The Company has all necessary power and authority to enter into, and be bound by the terms of, this Agreement, and the execution, delivery
and performance of the undertakings contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company.

(b) Enforceability.
This Agreement, when executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof, shall be a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally or equitable principles.

8

14. Insurance.
The Company shall, to the maximum extent available, cover Indemnitee under any insurance policy secured for the directors and officers
of the Company or any other Entity for which Indemnitee has Corporate Status.

15. Contract
Rights Not Exclusive. The rights to indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts and advancement of Expenses provided by this Agreement
shall be in addition to, but not exclusive of, any other rights which Indemnitee may have at any time under applicable law or the Charter
or Bylaws, or any other agreement, vote of stockholders or directors (or a committee of directors), or otherwise, both as to action (or
inaction) in Indemnitees official capacity and as to action (or inaction) in any other capacity as a result of Indemnitees
serving as a director and/or officer, as applicable, of the Company.

16. Successors.
This Agreement shall be (a) binding upon all successors and assigns of the Company (including, without limitation, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any transferee of all or a substantial portion of the business, stock and/or assets of the Company and any
direct or indirect successor to the Company by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law), and (b) binding on and shall
inure to the benefit of the heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, the Company shall cause any successor to the business, stock and/or assets of the Company or the direct or indirect
successor to the Company by merger or consolidation or otherwise by operation of law to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in
the same manner as if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall continue for the benefit of Indemnitee and the heirs, personal
representatives, executors and administrators of Indemnitee after Indemnitee has ceased to have Corporate Status.

17. Other
Sources; Subrogation. The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance expenses to Indemnitee, if any, under this Agreement
shall be reduced by the amount Indemnitee may receive, as indemnification or advancement of expenses from any other Entities or individuals
or any insurance policy. In the event of any indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancement of Expenses by the Company under
this Agreement, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be subrogated to the extent of such indemnification
or advancement to all of the rights of contribution or recovery of Indemnitee against other Entities or individuals and have a right of
contribution against such other Entities or individuals, and, in furtherance thereof, Indemnitee shall take, at the request of the Company,
all reasonable action necessary to secure such rights, including, without limitation, securing the execution and delivery by such other
Entities or individuals of an agreement as to the division of indemnification and advancement liabilities as between such other Entities
or individuals and the Company, in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Company prior to the payment by the Company of any such Indemnifiable
Amounts or Expenses and/or the execution and delivery of such documents as are reasonably necessary to enable the Company to bring any
action, suit or proceeding to enforce such rights.

9

18. Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to the provisions thereof relating to conflicts of law. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (a) the
Company and Indemnitee hereby (i) irrevocably consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, and (ii) waive
any claim of improper venue or any claim that the Court of Chancery is an inconvenient forum and (b) Indemnitee hereby appoints, to the
extent that Indemnitee is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, the Companys then registered agent
in the State of Delaware at the registered office of such agent in the State of Delaware as listed in the records of the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware, as agent for service of process in the State of Delaware. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, the Company and Indemnitee hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such judicial proceeding
in the manner provided in Section 22 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable law, shall be valid and sufficient service
thereof.

19. Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement, or any clause thereof, shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision or clause shall be limited or modified in its application to the minimum
extent necessary to make such provision or clause valid, legal and enforceable, and the remaining provisions and clauses of this Agreement
shall remain fully enforceable and binding on the Company and Indemnitee.

20. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with
respect to such subject matter.

21. Indemnitee
as Plaintiff. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, but except as provided in Section 11 and in the next sentence,
Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancement of Expenses with respect to any Proceeding
or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding brought by Indemnitee against the Company, any Subsidiary, or any director, manager,
general partner, officer or employee of the Company or any such Subsidiary, prior to a Change in Control, unless the commencement of such
Proceeding or such claim, issue or matter by Indemnitee was authorized in the specific case by the Board of Directors. This Section 20
shall not apply to (a) affirmative defenses asserted by Indemnitee or any compulsory counterclaims required to be made by Indemnitee in
any Proceeding or with respect to any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding brought against Indemnitee, or (b) any Proceeding
or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding brought by Indemnitee against the Company, any Subsidiary, or any director, manager,
general partner, officer or employee of the Company or any such Subsidiary, from and after a Change in Control.

22. Modification
and Waiver. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both the Company
and Indemnitee. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of applicable law to the contrary, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, no supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall adversely affect any right or protection
of Indemnitee in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such supplement, modification or amendment. No waiver of
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement (whether
or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

10

23. General
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given (a) when delivered by hand, (b) when transmitted by facsimile or email and receipt is acknowledged, or (c) if mailed by
certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed,
in each case, to such address as may have been furnished by any party to the other party.

24. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as of the later of (a) ten (10) years after Indemnitee ceases to serve as a director and/or officer, as
applicable, of the Company, or (b) one (1) year after the final adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction evidenced by a final
non-appealable order with respect to any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter involved in any Proceeding in respect of which Indemnitee
is granted rights of indemnification of Indemnifiable Amounts or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement.

25. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including, without limitation, by facsimile or email transmission that includes
a copy of the sending partys signature), in which event, all of said counterparts shall be deemed to be originals of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement as of the Effective Date.

THE COMPANY:

OSR HOLDINGS, INC.

Name: Kuk Hyoun Hwang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE:

[Signature Page to Director and Officer Indemnification
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex21-1_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>
Exhibit 21.1

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Name Jurisdiction of Formation

OSR Holdings Co., Ltd.(1) Republic of Korea

Vaximm AG Switzerland

Darnatein Co., Ltd. Republic of Korea

RMC Co., Ltd. Republic of Korea

* Indirect subsidiaries are indicated by indentation.

(1) OSR Holdings, Inc. owns approximately 67% of the issued and
outstanding shares of Series A common stock of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex23-1_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF RSM SHINHAN ACCOUNTING CORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 23.1

8th FL, 8, Uisadang-daero

Yeongdeungpo-gu,Seoul, 07236, Korea

Telephone: 82-2-782-9940

Telefax:82-2-782-9941

www.rsm.global/korea

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the use in the current
report on Form 8-K of OSR Holdings, Inc. (formerly Bellvue Life Science Acquisition Corp.) of our report dated February 7, 2025 with
respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023
and 2022 and for the years then ended.

/s/ RSM Shinhan Accounting Corporation 

Shinhan
Accounting Corporation

Seoul, Korea

February
21, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex99-1_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OSR HOLDINGS CO., LTD.'S MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 AND 2024, THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 AND 2024, AND THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 and 2024

The
following table presents OSR Holdingss statement of operations data for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, and
the Korean won (KRW) and percentage change between the two periods:

Three Months Ended September 30, 

(Korean Won in thousands) 

2023 2024 Change $ Change % 

(Unaudited) 

Net Sales: 1,154,906 1,119,394 (35,512 ) -3 %

Cost of Sales 1,008,956 875,526 (133,430 ) -13 %

Gross Profit 145,950 243,868 97,918 67 %

Selling, general and administrative expenses (6,805,411 ) (5,090,682 ) 1,714,729 -25 %

Operating loss (6,659,461 ) (4,846,814 ) 1,812,647 -27 %

Other income (expense) (111,995 ) 94,992 206,987 -185 %

Loss before income taxes (6,771,456 ) (4,751,822 ) 2,019,634 -30 %

Net Sales

Net sales decreased by KRW 36 million reflecting
a decline in net sales of OSRs portfolio company, RMC, due primarily to the termination of RMCs distribution agreement with
Penumbra for its neuro intervention medical device equipment. OSR expects its revenue to decrease in 2025 and possibly longer, until RMC
can replace sales of Penumbras products by increasing sales or incorporating additional products from other manufacturers.

Cost of Sales and Gross Margin

Cost of sales decreased by KRW 133 million,
or 13%, due to the decline in sales with the termination of RMCs distribution agreement with Penumbra, which resulted in lower
purchase volumes from Penumbra. Gross profit increased by KRW 98 million, or 67%, from KRW 146 million to KRW 244 million, primarily due
to increased sales of higher margin products.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses increased by KRW
56 million, or 308%, from KRW 18 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to KRW 74 million for the three months ended September
30, 2024. This was primarily due to increased spending by Darnatein on research and development expenses.

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses

SG&A expenses decreased by KRW 1,715 million,
or 25%, from KRW 6,805 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to KRW 5,091 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily attributable to a reduction in amortization expense (KRW 1,859 million), caused
by change in assumption used in amortization method, offset to a lesser extent by increases in building maintenance expense (KRW 227 million)
and the increase in research and development expenses.

Other Income (Expense)

Other income increased by KRW 207 million, from
a loss of KRW 112 million in the third quarter of 2023, to income of KRW 95 million in the third quarter of 2024. The increase is primarily
attributable to reducing the loss on foreign currency translation, from KRW 257 million to KRW 39.9 million.

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Loss before income taxes for the Quarter was reduced
by KRW 682 million, or 30%, from 6.8 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to KRW 4.8 billion for
the three months ended September 30, 2024, reflecting primarily a reduction in SG&A expenses and to a lesser extent, a reduction in
cost of sales.

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 and 2024

The
following table presents OSRs statement of operations data for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, and the Korean
won (KRW) and percentage change between the two periods:

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

(Korean Won in thousands) 

2023 2024 Change $ Change % 

(Unaudited) 

Net Sales: 3,139,754 3,537,771 398,017 13 %

Cost of Sales 2,269,583 2,656,774 387,191 17 %

Gross Profit 870,171 880,997 10,826 1 %

Selling, general and administrative expenses (12,345,574 ) (14,516,613 ) (2,171,039 ) 18 %

Operating loss (11,475,402 ) (13,635,616 ) (2,160,214 ) 19 %

Other income (expense) (398,126 ) (31,646 ) 366,480 -92 %

Loss before income taxes (11,873,528 ) (13,667,262 ) (1,793,734 ) 15 %

Net Sales

Net sales increased by KRW 398 million, or 13%,
reflecting an increase in net sales of OSRs portfolio company, RMC, due primarily to its expansion of sales product portfolio.
Although sales increased in the nine-month period, with the termination of RMCs contract with Penumbra, OSR expects its revenue
to decrease in 2025 and possibly longer, until RMC can replace sales of Penumbras products by increasing sales or incorporating
additional products from other manufacturers.

Cost of Sales and Gross Margin

Cost of sales increased by KRW 387 million,
or 17%, reflecting almost entirely the increase in sales volumes for RMC, which purchases products from its suppliers for resale (so,
as sales increase, cost of sales increases). Gross profit increased by approximately KRW 11 million, or 1.2%. Gross margin percentage
decreased from 27.7% to 24.9%, primarily due to reduced service revenue of Vaximm.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses remained essentially
flat for the two periods, at KRW 198 million for the nine-months ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2024. OSR Holdings expects
research and development expenses to increase in 2025 if its cash position improves following the completion by BLAC of the acquisition
of OSR Holdings.

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses

SG&A expenses increased by KRW 2.2 billion,
or 18%, from KRW 12.3 billion for the nine- months ended September 30, 2023, to KRW 14.5 billion for the nine-months ended September 30,
2024. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in amortization expenses, which increased by KRW 1.9 billion, or 19%, and
to a lesser extent, commissions and professional fees, which increased by KRW 269 million or 26%, and wages and salaries, which increased
by KRW 124 million, or 15%.

2

Other Income (Expense)

Interest income decreased from KRW 30 million
in the nine-months ending September 30, 2023 to KRW 15 million in the nine-months ending September 30, 2024, a decline of 50%. Interest
expense decreased by KRW 407 million, or 92%, from KRW 440 million to KRW 33 million as a result of reduction in outstanding
debt of OSR Holdings and its subsidiaries. Other income (gains on foreign currency exchange and foreign currency translation) decreased
by KRW 239 million, from KRW 369 million to KRW 130 million. Other expenses decreased by KRW 214 million, from KRW
358 million to KRW 143 million (losses on foreign currency translation and foreign currency exchange).

Loss Before Income Taxes

Loss before income taxes for the Nine Months
Ending September 30, 2024 increased by KRW 1.9 billion, or 15%, from 11.9 billion for the nine months ended September 30,
2023 to KRW 13.7 billion for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024, reflecting higher SG&A expenses, and, to a lesser extent,
reduced gross profits from operations.

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2023

The following table presents OSR Holdings
statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, and the Korean won (KRW) and percentage change
between the two years:

Year Ended December 31, 

(Korean won in thousands) 

2022 2023 Change $ Change % 

Net Sales: 8,758 4,453,551 4,444,793 50,751 %

Cost of Sales 3,278,703 3,278,703 

Gross Profit 8,758 1,174,848 1,166,090 13,315 %

Selling, general and administrative expenses (1,339,669 ) (15,955,519 ) (14,615,850 ) 1,091 %

Operating loss (1,330,911 ) (14,780,671 ) (13,449,760 ) 1,011 %

Other income (expense) 2,119,106 (956,445 ) (3,075,551 ) -145 %

Loss before income taxes 788,196 (15,737,116 ) (16,525,312 ) -2,097 %

Net Sales

Net sales was KRW 4.5 billion, consisting of
sales of medical devices by OSR Holdingss RMC subsidiary in South Korea, which was acquired by OSR Holdings in late December 2022.
OSR Holdings had non-operating income in 2022 from a one-time gain on the disposition of certain financial assets, as described below.

Cost of Sales

Cost of sales was KRW 3.3 billion in 2023,
consisting of costs of medical devices purchased (for resale) by OSR Holdingss RMC subsidiary in South Korea.

Gross Profit

Gross profit was KRW 1.2 billion in 2023 from
the sales of medical devices by OSR Holdingss RMC subsidiary in South Korea.

3

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

SG&A expenses consist of personnel-related expenses,
including salaries, benefits, bonus, and travel. Other SG&A expenses include amortization of intangible assets, research and development
expenses, professional services fees, such as legal, audit, and investor/press relations, research and development expenses, non-income taxes,
insurance costs, cost of outside consultants and employee recruiting and training costs. SG&A expenses increased 1,091% in 2023, primarily
as a result of the amortization of acquired patents (84%) and consolidation of expenses acquired by subsidiaries (16%) which were not
reflected in 2022 financial results. Moreover, OSR Holdings expects to incur additional expenses associated with operating as a public
company, including legal, accounting, insurance, exchange listing and SEC compliance and investor relations. OSR Holdings expects quarterly
selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding stock compensation expense, to increase to an average of approximately $1.5 million per
quarter through the end of 2025.

Research and Development (R&D) Expenses

R&D expenses consist primarily of costs incurred
for research activities, including the development of product candidates, pre-clinical and clinical trials and related costs of salaries
and contractors. R&D costs are expensed as incurred. OSR Holdings R&D expenses for 2022 and 2023 were KRW 244 million and KRW
324 million, which came from the fully consolidated subsidiaries. OSR Holdings expects to incur and report R&D related expenses
mainly from its subsidiaries and affiliates actively engaged in R&D at an estimated amount of $2.5 million to $3.0 million
per quarter beginning in 2025.

Other Income (Expense)

Interest income increased from KRW 3 million
in 2022 to KRW 23 million in 2023, an increase of 704%. Interest expense increased by KRW 437 million, or 2,570%, from KRW 17 million
to KRW 454 million. Other income decreased by KRW 2.2 billion, from KRW 2.3 billion to KRW 160 million, primarily
due to a one-time gain from the disposal of financial assets of KRW 2.3 billion. Other expenses increased by KRW 481 million, from
KRW 205 million to KRW 685 million.

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Loss before income taxes for the Year increased
2,097% from a profit of KRW 788 million in 2022 to a loss of KRW 15.7B in 2023, primarily (88%) due to the increase in SG&A expenses,
offset in part (-7%) by the gross profit from OSR Holdingss RMC subsidiary.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

From inception through September 30, 2024,
OSR Holdings has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from its operations. OSR Holdings operating losses
were KRW 1.3 billion and KRW 14.8 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, respectively,
and KRW 11.5 billion and KRW 13.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. As
of September 30, 2024, OSR Holdings had an accumulated deficit of KRW 26.26 billion. OSR Holdings has funded its operations
primarily through the issuance of common shares, convertible preferred shares, convertible bonds as well as from bank loans, loans from
affiliates and, to a lesser extent, from RMC product revenue. OSR Holdings (primarily through its subsidiaries) has raised a cumulative
KRW 11.6 billion in gross proceeds through the issuance of common stock and convertible preferred shares. OSR Holdings had KRW 551.4 million
in cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024, which consisted primarily of bank deposits. OSR Holdings has incurred significant
expenses in connection with the Transaction and the Form S-4, which, together with other expenses, has reduced its available funds
for operations, resulting in the need for immediate cash infusion, including the October 2024 loan from BLAC, to pay outstanding
expenses.

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex99-2_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF OSR HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AS OF AND FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022, INCLUDING THE RELATED NOTES THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd.

and
its subsidiaries

Consolidated
financial statements

for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022

with
the independent Registered Public Accounting Firms report

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd.

Table
of contents

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 1

Consolidated
financial statements 

Consolidated balance sheets 3

Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income 4

Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity 5

Consolidated statements of cash flows 6

Notes to the consolidated financial statements 7
~ 36

i

8th
FL, 8, Uisadang-daero

Yeongdeungpo-gu,Seoul, 07236, Korea

Telephone: 82-2-782-9940

Telefax: 82-2-782-9941

www.rsm.global/korea

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Company)
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders
equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the
consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Companys consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ RSM Shinhan Accounting Corporation 

Shinhan
Accounting Corporation

We
have served as the Companys auditor since 2023.

Seoul,
Korea

February
7, 2025

1

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated
Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Consolidated
Balance Sheets

December
31, 2023 and 2022

(In
Korean won, except share data)

2023 2022 

Assets 

Current
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 696,542,458 3,556,865,658 

Trade
and other receivables, less allowance for credit losses of 45,492,513 in 2023 and 0 in 2022 1,543,542,712 624,460,396 

Inventories,
net 1,790,054,138 1,362,517,619 

Prepaid
income taxes 6,705,149 14,528,800 

Other
current financial assets 68,777,020 - 

Other
current assets 91,500,706 20,610,753 

Total
current assets 4,197,122,183 5,578,983,226 

Equipment
and vehicles, net 22,726,614 26,507,938 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets, net 210,350,535 376,778,565 

Intangible
assets, net 230,848,992,354 130,822,779,153 

Goodwill 35,800,477,223 3,628,205,933 

Other
non-current financial assets 483,286,651 349,347,363 

Deferred
tax assets 108,925,647 35,923,816 

Total
assets 271,671,881,207 140,818,525,994 

Liabilities
and Stockholders Equity 

Current
liabilities: 

Short-term
borrowing 500,000,000 1,436,615,903 

Trade
and other payables 1,955,746,193 5,374,746,607 

Accrued
expenses 558,554,905 389,722,861 

Operating
lease liabilities-current 105,829,155 62,511,022 

Other
current liabilities 106,140,035 132,572,190 

Income
taxes payable 17,873,233 5,396,752 

Total
current liabilities 3,244,143,521 7,401,565,335 

Long-term
debt 460,000,000 160,000,000 

Operating
lease liabilities- non-current 101,657,569 311,935,157 

Other
non-current liabilities 2,435,281 - 

Deferred
tax liabilities 43,328,007,126 19,480,344,941 

Total
liabilities 47,136,243,497 27,353,845,433 

Stockholders
equity: 

Common
stock, 5,000 par value, Authorized 4,000,000 shares; 1,887,070 and 1,160,672 shares issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 9,435,350,000 5,803,360,000 

Additional
paid-in capital 229,027,323,455 108,148,632,336 

Accumulated
deficit (14,095,976,021 ) (487,311,775 )

Accumulated
other comprehensive income 168,940,276 - 

Total
stockholders equity 224,535,637,710 113,464,680,561 

Total
liabilities and stockholders equity 271,671,881,207 140,818,525,994 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

3

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income

Years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022

(In
Korean won)

2023 2022 

Net
sales 4,453,551,060 8,758,337 

Cost
of sales 3,278,702,931 - 

Gross
profit 1,174,848,129 8,758,337 

Selling,
general, and administrative expenses 15,955,518,638 1,339,668,875 

Operating
loss (14,780,670,509 ) (1,330,910,538 )

Other
income (expense): 

Interest
income 22,585,540 2,810,755 

Interest
expense (454,140,294 ) (17,011,225 )

Other
income 160,571,422 2,338,095,795 

Other
expenses (685,461,727 ) (204,788,996 )

(Loss)
income before income taxes (15,737,115,568 ) 788,195,791 

Income
tax benefit 2,128,451,322 2,376,396 

Net
(loss) income (13,608,664,246 ) 790,572,187 

Attributable
to: 

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries (13,608,664,246 ) 790,572,187 

Non-controlling
interests - - 

Other
comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 

Gain
on foreign currency translation 168,940,276 - 

Total
comprehensive (loss) income for the year (13,439,723,970 ) 790,572,187 

Attributable
to: 

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries (13,439,723,970 ) 790,572,187 

Non-controlling
interests - - 

(Loss)
earnings per share attributable to OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 

Basic
(loss) earnings per ordinary share (8,156 ) 2,025 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

4

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity

Years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022

(In
Korean won, except share data)

Common
stock 

Additional

paid-in 

Retained
Earnings

(accumulated 

Accumulated
other

comprehensive Total

stockholders 

Shares Amounts capital deficit) Income
(loss) equity 

Balance
at January 1, 2022 301,000 1,505,000,000 4,237,000 (1,277,883,962 ) 231,353,038 

Net
income 790,572,187 790,572,187 

Stock
issued 859,672 4,298,360,000 108,144,395,336 112,442,755,336 

Balance
at December 31, 2022 1,160,672 5,803,360,000 108,148,632,336 (487,311,775 ) 113,464,680,561 

Balance
at January 1, 2023 1,160,672 5,803,360,000 $ 108,148,632,336 (487,311,775 ) 113,464,680,561 

Net
loss (13,608,664,246 (13,608,664,246 )

Foreign
currency translation adjustment 168,940,276 168,940,276 

Stock
issued 726,398 3,631,990,000 120,878,691,119 124,510,681,119 

Balance
at December 31, 2023 1,887,070 9,435,350,000 229,027,323,455 (14,095,976,021 ) 168,940,276 224,535,637,710 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

5

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows

Years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022

(In
Korean won)

Cash
flows from operating activities: 2023 2022 

Net
(loss) income (13,608,664,246 ) 790,572,187 

Adjustments
to reconcile net (loss) income to cash used in operating activities: 

Income
tax benefit (2,146,399,043 ) 180,988,010 

Depreciation 101,467,794 22,391,361 

Amortization 12,310,159,342 31,980,873 

Loss
on disposal of intangible assets 402,355,143 - 

Gain
on sale of tangible assets (1,362,637 ) - 

Loss
on disposal of ROU assets 109,881,120 - 

Bad
debts 45,492,513 - 

Severance
pay 91,730,517 - 

Interest
expense 391,130,545 2,088,669 

Impairment
loss on investment under equity method - 97,742,345 

Gain
on termination of lease contract - (435,178 )

Interest
Income - 

Loss
on foreign currency translation 92,438,038 10,811,148 

Gain
on disposal of financial assets measured at fair value - (2,305,743,718 )

Changes
in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase)
decrease in trade and other receivables (898,335,701 ) 3,191,433 

Increase
in inventories, net (427,536,519 ) - 

Decrease
in prepaid income taxes 7,823,651 - 

Increase
in other current financial assets (68,777,020 ) - 

Increase
in other current assets (70,889,953 ) (6,981,399 )

(Decrease)
increase in trade and other payables (3,419,000,414 ) 90,570,415 

Increase
in accrued expenses 168,832,044 30,434,414 

Increase
in tax payables 12,476,481 - 

Decrease
in lease liabilities (83,945,144 ) (28,290,000 )

(Decrease)
Increase in other liabilities (23,996,874 ) 50,206,160 

Net
cash used in operating activities (7,015,120,363 ) (1,030,473,280 )

Cash
flows from investing activities: 

Decrease
in deposits 150,000 - 

Purchase
of FVTPL financial assets - (4,313,105,181 ) 

Disposal
of equipment and vehicles 4,350,940 - 

Purchase
of equipment and vehicles (11,436,364 ) (97,742,345 ) 

Purchase
of intangible assets (9,589,573 ) - 

Increase
in deposits (35,058,299 ) - 

Increase
in cash and cash equivalents from business combination - 2,249,585,068 

Net
cash used in investing activities (51,583,296 ) (2,161,262,458 )

Cash
flows from financing activities 1,443,140,500 1,574,166,000 

Proceeds
from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt (544,538,903 ) (200,000,000 ) 

Repayment
of short-term borrowing (636,263,607 ) - 

Issuance
of convertible bonds 4,000,000,000 - 

Proceeds
from issuance of common stock - 4,609,463,880 

Payment
of stock issuance costs (17,806,500 ) - 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 4,244,531,490 5,983,629,880 

Net
change in cash and cash equivalents (2,822,172,169 ) 2,791,894,142 

Effects
of changes in exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents (38,151,031 ) 323,879,830 

Cash
and cash equivalents at beginning of year 3,556,865,658 441,091,686 

Cash
and cash equivalents at end of year 696,542,458 3,556,865,658 

Supplemental
disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash
paid for interest - - 

Cash
paid for income taxes (net of refunds received) - - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

6

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

(1) Organization
and nature of business

The
consolidated financial statements of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. (the Company or the Parent) and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the Group) for the year ended December 31, 2023 were authorized for issuance in accordance with a resolution
of the directors meeting on January 31, 2025. The registered office is located at 37-36 Hoedong-gil, Paju-si, Gyeongi-do, Republic of
Korea.

The
Company is a global life sciences holding company based in South Korea and is actively engaging in drug development, dedicating to advance
healthcare outcome and driving social progress. Through open innovation and responsible investment, the Company aims to make a lasting
impact across the industry as well as our society. With a strong focus on oncology and immunology, the Companys mission is to build
a robust portfolio of ventures, bringing innovative and transformative therapies to market.

Details
of shareholders as of December 31, 2023 are as follows:

Name
of Shareholder Number
of ordinary

share Percentage
of

ownership 

Bellevue
Capital Management LLC 580,572 30.77 %

Bellevue
Capital Management Europe AG 241,000 12.77 %

Joint
Protein Central 200,868 10.64 %

Invites
Ventures Co., Ltd. 135,129 7.16 %

CG
Invites Co., Ltd. 83,999 4.45 %

PARK,
CHAN KYOO 82,721 4.38 %

Joint
Center For Biosciences 78,720 4.17 %

Others 484,061 25.66 %

Total 1,887,070 100.00 %

Details of
investments in subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 are as follows:

Name
of subsidiary Share
capital Percentage

of ownership Principal
activities Country
of 

incorporation 

VAXIMM
AG (VAXIMM) 1,091,203,754 100.00 % Biotech
(drug development) Switzerland 

RMC
Co., Ltd. (RMC) 35,000,000 100.00 % Medical
device distribution Republic
of Korea 

Darnatein
Co., Ltd. (Darnatein) 6,466,667,000 100.00 % Biotech
(drug development) Republic
of Korea 

Key financial
information of the subsidiaries at December 31, 2023 are as follows (Korean won in thousands):

Name
of subsidiary Asset Liability Equity Sales Net
Income(loss) 

VAXIMM 1,656,712 190,821 1,465,891 74,225 (875,529 )

RMC 3,821,285 2,653,735 1,167,550 4,379,326 79,068 

Darnatein 714,773 409,562 305,211 - (234,337 )

7

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

For
the year ended December 31, 2023

Name
of subsidiary Reason Type
of purchase consideration

Darnatein Acquisition
(*1) New
shares of the Parent and other financial assets

For
the year ended December 31, 2022

Name
of subsidiary Reason Type
of purchase consideration

VAXIMM Acquisition
(*2) New
shares of the Parent and other financial assets

RMC Acquisition
(*2) New
Share of the Parent

(*1) The
Parent acquired subsidiary in March 2023 and accounted the acquisitions on March 31, 2023,
which is deemed the acquisition date.

(*2) The
Parent acquired subsidiaries in December 2022 and accounted for the acquisitions on December
31, 2022, which is deemed the acquisition date.

(2) Summary
of significant accounting policies

a. Basis
of presentation

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (US-GAAP).

b. Principle
of consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

The
Company consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial interest based on either the variable interest entity (VIE) or
voting interest model. The Company is required to first apply the VIE model to determine whether it holds a variable interest in an entity,
and if so, whether the entity is a VIE. If the Company determines it does not hold a variable interest in a VIE, it then applies the
voting interest model. Under the voting interest model, the Company consolidates an entity when it holds a majority voting interest in
an entity.

The
Company accounts for investments in which it has significant influence but not a controlling financial interest using the equity method
of accounting.

c. Use
of estimates

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US-GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include allowance for credit losses, valuation of inventories,
valuation of deferred tax assets, the useful lives of equipment and vehicles, lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and other contingencies.

d. Cash
and cash equivalents

The
Group considers all highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

8

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

e. Allowance
for credit losses

The
Group records an allowance for credit losses (ACL) under Subtopic 326-20 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses Measured at
Amortized Cost for the current expected credit losses inherent in its financial assets measured at amortized cost and contract assets.
The ACL is a valuation account deducted from the amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected. The estimate
of expected credit losses includes expected recoveries of amounts previously written off as well as amounts expected to be written off.

Accounts
receivable

The
Group uses an aging schedule to estimate the ACL for trade accounts receivable. This method categorizes trade receivables into different
groups based on industry and the number of days past due. Past due status is measured based on the number of days since the payment due
date. The trade receivables are evaluated individually for expected credit losses if they no longer share similar risk characteristics.
The Group determines that the receivables no longer share similar risk characteristic if they are past due balances over 90 days and
over a specified amount. The Group evaluates the collectability of trade accounts receivables with payments that are more than 90 days
past due on an individual basis to determine if any are deemed uncollectible. Trade accounts receivable balances are deemed uncollectible
and written off as a deduction from the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted.

f. Accounts
receivable

Accounts
receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Amounts collected on trade accounts receivable are included
in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

g. Inventories

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method. Cost comprises of direct
materials and delivery costs, direct labor, import duties and other taxes, an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure
based on normal operating capacity, and, where applicable, transfers from cash flow hedging reserves in equity. Costs of purchased inventory
are determined after deducting rebates and discounts received or receivable.

Stock
in transit is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost comprises of purchase and delivery costs, net of rebates and
discounts received or receivable.

Net
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated
costs necessary to make the sale.

h. Equipment
and vehicles

Equipment
and vehicles are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes
expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Depreciation
of all equipment and vehicles is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of their residual
values, over their estimated useful lives as follows:

Estimated
useful lives

Vehicle 5
years

Office
equipment 5
years

Facility
equipment 3
to 13 years

9

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

The
assets depreciation method, residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
period.

i. Goodwill
and intangible assets

Goodwill
represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination.

The
Group accounts for intangible assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other (ASC 350). ASC 350 requires that intangible assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated
useful lives and reviewed for impairment in accordance with accounting standards.

When
impairment indicators are identified, the Group compares the reporting units fair value to its carrying amount, including goodwill.
An impairment loss is recognized as the difference, if any, between the reporting units carrying amount and its fair value, to
the extent the difference does not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, and more frequently when there is a triggering event. Annually, or when there is
a triggering event, the Group first performs a qualitative assessment by evaluating all relevant events and circumstances to determine
if it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired; this includes considering any potential effect
on significant inputs to determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. When it is more likely than not that an
indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, then the Group calculates the fair value of the intangible asset and performs a quantitative
impairment test.

j. Impairment
of long--lived assets

Long-lived
assets, such as equipment, vehicles and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or
asset group to be tested for possible impairment, the Group first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset
or asset group to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted
cash flow basis, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined
through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals,
as considered necessary.

k. Leases

The
Group is a lessee in several noncancellable operating leases, primarily for plants and main offices. The Group does not have a finance
lease.

The
Group accounts for leases in accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases. The Group determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease
at contract inception. The Group recognizes a right-of-use (ROU) asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.

For
operating leases, the lease liability is initially and subsequently measured at the present value of the unpaid lease payments at the
lease commencement date. For finance leases, the lease liability is initially measured in the same manner and date as for operating leases
and is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective-interest method.

Key
estimates and judgments include how the Group determines (1) the discount rate it uses to discount the unpaid lease payments to present
value, (2) lease term, and (3) lease payments.

10

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

Topic
842 requires a lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit
in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, its incremental borrowing rate.
Generally, the Group cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease because it
does not have access to the lessors estimated residual value or the amount of the
lessors deferred initial direct costs. Therefore, the Group generally uses its incremental
borrowing rate as the discount rate for the lease. The Groups incremental borrowing
rate for a lease is the rate of interest it would have to pay on a collateralized basis to
borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. Because the Group does
not generally borrow on a collateralized basis, it uses the interest rate it pays on its
noncollateralized borrowings as an input to deriving an appropriate incremental borrowing
rate, adjusted for the amount of the lease payments, the lease term, and the effect on that
rate of designating specific collateral with a value equal to the unpaid lease payments for
that lease.

The
lease term for all of the Groups leases includes the noncancellable period of the
lease plus any additional periods covered by either a Group option to extend (or not to terminate)
the lease that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, or an option to extend (or not
to terminate) the lease controlled by the lessor.

Lease
payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

Fixed
payments, including in-substance fixed payments, owed over the lease term (includes termination
penalties the Group would owe if the lease term reflects the Groups exercise of a
termination option);

Variable
lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate
at the lease commencement date;

Amounts
expected to be payable under a Group-provided residual value guarantee; and

The
exercise price of a Group option to purchase the underlying asset if the Group is reasonably
certain to exercise the option.

The
ROU asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments made at
or before the lease commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received.

For
operating leases, the ROU asset is subsequently measured throughout the lease term at the carrying amount of the lease liability, plus
initial direct costs, plus (minus) any prepaid (accrued) lease payments, less the unamortized balance of lease incentives received. Lease
expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

ROU
assets are periodically reduced by impairment losses. The Group uses the long-lived assets impairment guidance in ASC Subtopic 360-10,
Property, Plant, and Equipment Overall, to determine whether an ROU asset is impaired, and if so, the amount of the impairment
loss to recognize.

The
Group monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of one of its leases. When a reassessment results in
the remeasurement of a lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless
doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an amount less than zero. In that case, the amount of the adjustment that
would result in a negative ROU asset balance is recorded in profit or loss.

11

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

Operating
lease ROU assets are presented as operating lease right of use assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The current portion of operating
lease liabilities are presented separately on the consolidated balance sheets.

The
Group has elected not to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less.
The Group recognizes the lease payments associated with its short-term leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

l. Foreign
currency translation

The
Group has operations in South Korea, Switzerland, and Germany. Accounting records in foreign operations are maintained in local currencies
and remeasured to the Korean won during the consolidation. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical rates, and
monetary assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the end of the year. Income statement accounts are translated
at average rates for the year. Gains or losses from remeasurement of foreign currency financial statements into the Korean won are included
in current results of comprehensive income.

m. Revenue
recognition

The
Group only has revenue from customers. The Group recognizes revenue when it satisfies performance obligations under the terms of its
contracts, and control of its products is transferred to its customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Group expects
to receive from its customers in exchange for those products. This process involves identifying the customer contract, determining the
performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the distinct performance
obligations in the contract, and recognizing revenue when the performance obligations have been satisfied. A performance obligation is
considered distinct from other obligations in a contract when it (a) provides a benefit to the customer either on its own or together
with other resources that are readily available to the customer and (b) is separately identified in the contract. The Group considers
a performance obligation satisfied once it has transferred control of a good or product to a customer, meaning the customer has the ability
to direct the use and obtain the benefit of the good or product.

n. Income
taxes

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Group
recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income
tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Valuation allowances are established
when management determines it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes
in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Group reports income tax-related
interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions, if applicable, as a component of income tax expense.

o. Fair
value measurements

The
Group utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent
possible. The Group determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in
the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following
fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels:

Level
1 inputs: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date.

12

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

Level
2 inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the
asset or liability.

Level
3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the
extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which
there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date.

The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses and other current and financial
assets, trade and other payable, short-term borrowing, current operating lease liabilities, and accrued expenses and other current liabilities
approximates their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount reported in the consolidated balance
sheets for notes payable to related party may differ from fair value since the interest rate is fixed.

p. Accounting
pronouncements adopted during 2023

The
Group did not adopt any new accounting pronouncements during 2023.

q. Accounting
pronouncements issued, but not adopted as of December 31, 2023

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers, which provides an exception to fair value measurement for contract assets and contract liabilities
related to revenue contracts acquired in a business combination. The ASU requires an entity (acquirer) to recognize and measure contract
assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. At the acquisition date, an acquirer
should account for the related revenue contracts in accordance with Topic 606 as if it had originated the contracts. The ASU is effective
for the Company for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. Early adoption is permitted. The ASU
is applied to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date. The Group is currently evaluating the impact this ASU will
have on the Groups consolidated financial statements.

In
October 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-06, Disclosure Improvements Codification Amendments in Response to the SECs
Disclosure Update and Simplification Initiative. The ASU modifies the disclosure or presentation requirements of a variety of Topics
in the Codification to align with the SECs regulations. The ASU also makes those requirements applicable to entities that were
not previously subject to the SECs requirements. The ASU is effective for the Company two years after the effective date to remove
the related disclosure from Regulation S-X or S-K. As of the date these financial statements have been made available for issuance, the
SEC has not yet removed any related disclosure. The Group does not expect the adoption of ASU 2023-06 to have a material effect on its
consolidated financial statements.

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which
requires enhanced disclosure of significant segment expenses on an annual and interim basis. This ASU will be effective for the annual
periods beginning the year ended December 31, 2024, and for interim periods beginning January 1, 2025. Early adoption is permitted. Upon
adoption, this ASU should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Group is currently
evaluating the impact this ASU will have on the Groups consolidated financial statements.

13

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which improves the
transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the effective
tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. It also includes certain other amendments to improve the
effectiveness of income tax disclosures. This ASU will be effective for the annual periods beginning the year ended December 31, 2026.
Early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, this ASU can be applied prospectively or retrospectively. The Group is currently evaluating
the impact this ASU will have on the Groups consolidated financial statements.

(3) Critical
accounting estimates and assumptions

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements requires the Group to make estimates and assumptions concerning the future. Estimates
and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the
related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

Income
taxes

The
Groups taxable income generated from these operations are subject to income taxes based on tax laws and interpretations of tax
authorities in numerous jurisdictions. There are many transactions and calculations during the ordinary course of business for which
the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.

Deferred
tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
will be available against which the temporary differences and the losses can be utilized. Significant management judgement is required
to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits,
together with future tax planning strategies

Business
combinations

Business
combinations are initially accounted for on a provisional basis. The fair value of assets acquired, liabilities and contingent liabilities
assumed are initially estimated by the Parent taking into consideration all available information at the reporting date. Fair value adjustments
on the finalization of the business combination accounting is retrospective, where applicable, to the period the combination occurred
and may have an impact on the assets and liabilities, depreciation and amortization reported.

Patent
technology

Patent
technology is recognized in Intangible assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Group considers both qualitative and quantitative
factors when determining whether the patent technology may be impaired. For the purposes of assessing impairment, the Group follows its
accounting policy disclosed in Note 2. In assessing whether there is any indication that the patent technology may be impaired, the Group
considers, at minimum, the following indications:

External
sources of information

there
are observable indications that the patent technologys value has declined during the
period significantly more than would be expected as a result of the passage of time or normal
use.

significant
changes with an adverse effect on the Group have taken place during the period, or will take
place in the near future, in the technological, market, economic or legal environment in
which the entity operates or in the market to which an asset is dedicated.

14

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

market
interest rates or other market rates of return on investments have increased during the period,
and those increases are likely to affect the discount rate used in calculating an assets
value in use and decrease the assets recoverable amount materially.

the
carrying amount of the net assets of the entity is more than its market capitalization.

Internal
sources of information

evidence
is available of obsolescence or physical damage of the patent technology.

significant
changes with an adverse effect on the entity have taken place during the period, or are expected
to take place in the near future, in the extent to which, or manner in which, the patent
technology is used or is expected to be used. These changes include the patent technology
becoming idle, plans to discontinue or restructure the operation to which the patent technology
belongs, and plans to dispose of the patent technology before the previously expected date.

evidence
is available from internal reporting that indicates that the economic performance of the
patent technology is, or will be, worse than expected.

(4) Financial
risk management

The
Group is exposed to various financial risks such as market risk (exchange risk, interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk due
to various activities. The Groups overall risk management policy focuses on volatility in the financial markets and focuses on
minimizing any negative impact on financial performance. Risk management is conducted under the supervision of the finance department
according to the policy approved by the Board of Directors. The finance department identifies, evaluates and manages financial risks
in close cooperation with the sales departments. The Board of Directors provides written policies on overall risk management principles
and specific areas such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative and non-derivative financial instruments,
and investments in excess of liquidity.

Market
risk management

Market
risk is the risk of possible losses which arise from the changes of market factors, such as interest rate, stock price, foreign exchange
rate, commodity value and other market factors related to the fair value or future cash flows of the financial instruments, such as securities,
derivatives and others.

a. Currency
risk

The
following table sets forth the result of foreign currency translation into Korean won for financial assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currency of the Group as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:

(Korean
won in unit) December 31, 2023 

USD EUR CHF 

Assets
in foreign currency 29,220,473 301,368,136 744,194,360 

Liabilities
in foreign currency 64,470,000 16,289,133 - 

(Korean
won in unit) December 31, 2022 

USD EUR CHF 

Assets
in foreign currency 1,094,039,015 - - 

Liabilities
in foreign currency 63,365,000 - - 

15

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

The
following table sets forth the impact of strengthening (or weakening) of the Korean won by a hypothetical 10% against each foreign currency
on the Groups after-tax profit (or loss), assuming all other variables remain constant.

(Korean
won in unit) December
31, 2023 December
31, 2022 

Rise Fall Rise Fall 

USD (3,524,953 ) 3,524,953 103,067,402 (103,067,402 )

EUR 28,507,900 (28,507,900 ) - - 

CHF 74,419,436 (74,419,436 ) - - 

b. Interest
rate risk

Interest
rate risk refers to the risk that interest income and interest expenses arising from deposits or borrowings will fluctuate due to changes
in market interest rates in the future, which mainly arises from deposits and borrowings with floating interest rates. The goal of interest
rate risk management is to maximize corporate value by minimizing uncertainty caused by interest rate fluctuations.

As
of the end of the reporting period, there are no financial instruments subject to a variable interest rate.

c. Price
risk

Price
risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument or future cash flows will change due to changes in market prices other
than interest rate or foreign exchange rate. As of the end of the reporting period, the Group is not exposed to commodity price risk.
Investments in financial instruments are made on a non-recurring basis according to managements judgment.

Credit
risk management

Credit
risk is the risk of possible losses in an asset portfolio in the events of counterpartys default, breach of contract and deterioration
in the credit quality of the counterparty. For the risk management reporting purposes, the Group manages the credit risk systematically
and pursues value maximization and continuous growth of the Group by efficient resource allocation and monitoring non-performing loans.
In order to reduce the risks that may occur in transactions with financial institutions, such as cash and cash equivalents and various
deposits, the Group conducts transactions only with financial institutions with high creditworthiness. As of December 31, 2023, the Group
believes that there are low signs of material default, and the maximum exposure to credit risk as of December 31, 2023 is equal to the
book value of financial instruments (excluding cash).

Liquidity
risk management

The
Group constantly monitors its liquidity positions to ensure that no borrowing limits or commitments are breached to meet operating capital
needs. In estimating liquidity, we also take into account external laws or legal requirements, such as the groups financing plan,
compliance with agreements, internal target financial ratios and currency restrictions.

16

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

The Groups
liquidity risk analysis details as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(Korean
won in unit) December
31, 2023 

Remaining
maturity 

Book
Value 

Cashflow
by

contract Within

a year 

1
year to

3
years 

More
than

3
years 

Borrowings 960,000,000 1,000,657,534 523,000,000 477,657,534 - 

Other
Payables 2,514,301,098 2,514,301,098 2,514,301,098 - - 

Lease
liabilities 207,486,724 259,101,400 114,981,120 134,120,280 10,000,000 

Total 3,681,787,822 3,774,060,032 3,152,282,218 611,777,814 10,000,000 

(Korean
won in unit) December
31, 2022 

Remaining
maturity 

Book
Value 

Cashflow
by

contract Within

a year 

1
year to

3
years 

More
than

3
years 

Borrowings 1,596,615,903 1,628,827,375 1,628,827,375 - - 

Other
Payables 5,764,469,468 5,617,804,634 5,617,804,634 - - 

Lease
liabilities 374,446,179 174,882,520 67,281,120 85,601,400 22,000,000 

Total 7,735,531,550 7,421,514,529 7,313,913,129 85,601,400 22,000,000 

Capital
risk management

Capital
includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective
of the Groups capital management is to maximize the shareholder value.

The
Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements of the financial
covenants. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to
shareholders or issue new shares. The Group uses the debt ratio as a capital management indicator. This ratio is calculated by dividing
total liabilities by total equity, and total liabilities and total equity are calculated based on the amounts in the Groups consolidated
financial statements.

The groups
debt ratio as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(In
Korean won) December
31, 2023 December
31, 2022 

Net borrowings (A) 

Borrowings 960,000,000 1,596,615,903 

Lease
liabilities 207,486,724 374,446,179 

Less:
cash and cash equivalents (696,542,458 ) (3,556,865,658 )

470,944,266 (1,585,803,576 )

Total
equity (B) 224,535,637,710 113,464,680,561 

Debt
ratio (A / B) 0.2 % (* ) 

(*) Debt
ratio is not presented as net borrowings and debt ratio are negative as of December 31, 2022.

17

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31, 2023 and 2022

(5) Fair
value measurements

Book
value and fair value of financial instruments

The difference
between the carrying amount and fair value of the Groups financial assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are
insignificant.

Fair value
hierarchy

All
financial assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized within the
fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

Level
1 - Quoted (unadjusted)
market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

Level 2 - Valuation techniques
for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable

Level 3 - Valuation techniques
for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

Fair
values of the Groups financial assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, which are accounted as amortized cost,
are categorized as Level 3.

Recurring
transfer between levels of the fair value hierarchy

There
is no transfer of fair value hierarchy among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

(6) Financial
instruments by category

The
carrying value of financial instruments category as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(Korean
won in unit) December
31, 2023 

Financial
assets

at amortized cost Financial
assets 

at fair value Financial
liabilities 

at amortized cost Total 

Financial
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 696,542,458 - - 696,542,458 

Trade
and other receivables 1,543,542,712 - - 1,543,542,712 

Other
current financial assets 68,777,020 - - 68,777,020 

Other
non-current financial assets 483,286,651 - - 483,286,651 

Financial
liabilities: 

Trade
and other payables - - 1,955,746,193 1,955,746,193 

Borrowings - - 960,000,000 960,000,000 

(Korean
won in unit) December
31, 2022 

Financial
assets

at amortized cost Financial
assets 

at fair value Financial
liabilities 

at amortized cost Total 

Financial
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 3,556,865,658 - - 3,556,865,658 

Trade
and other receivables 624,460,396 - - 624,460,396 

Other
non-current financial assets 349,347,363 - - 349,347,363 

Financial
liabilities: 

Trade
and other payables - - 5,374,746,607 5,374,746,607 

Borrowings - - 1,596,615,903 1,596,615,903 

18

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

Net
gains or losses by financial instrument category for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(Korean
won in unit) 

2023 2022 

Amortized
cost: 

Interest
income 24,992,432 3,179,480 

Foreign
exchange gains 47,005,063 9,899,816 

Gains
on foreign currency translation 102,283,538 15,441,000 

Interest
expense (447,915,943 ) (18,619,877 )

Losses
on foreign currrency transaction (86,945,552 ) (80,771,048 )

Losses
on foreign currrency translation (194,721,576 ) (26,252,148 )

Financial
assets measured at fair value through profit and loss: 

Gains
on disposal - 2,305,743,718 

(7) Cash
and cash equivalents

The
Group considers all money market funds and highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.

(In
Korean won) 

December
31, 

2023 December
31, 

2022 

Cash
and cash equivalents 696,542,458 3,556,865,658 

(8) Trade
and other receivables, net

All
trade receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Amounts collected on trade receivables are included in
net cash provided by operating activities in the statements of cash flows. The Group does not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure
related to its customers.

(In
Korean won) December
31, 

2023 December
31, 

2022 

Trade
receivables 1,520,894,893 470,304,368 

Less:
Allowance for credit losses (45,492,513 ) - 

Net
trade receivables 1,475,402,380 470,304,368 

Other
receivables 68,140,332 154,156,028 

Total 1,543,542,712 624,460,396 

(9) Inventories,
net

Inventories
consisted of the following as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:

(In
Korean won) December
31, 

2023 December
31, 

2022 

Merchandised
goods 1,812,931,553 1,385,395,034 

Less:
allowance for valuation (22,877,415 ) (22,877,415 )

1,790,054,138 1,362,517,619 

19

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(10) Other
financial assets

Details
of other financial assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(in
Korean won) December
31, 2023 December
31, 2022 

Current Non-current Current Non-current 

Leasehold
guarantee deposits 68,777,020 34,917,468 - 66,719,787 

Other
deposits - 7,947,500 - 6,677,500 

Loan - 440,421,683 - 275,950,076 

Total 68,777,020 483,286,651 - 349,347,363 

(11) Other
assets

Details
of other assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(in
Korean won) December
31, 2023 December
31, 2022 

Current Non-current Current Non-current 

Prepayments 58,543,364 - 20,610,753 - 

Prepaid
expenses 32,957,342 - - - 

Total 91,500,706 - 20,610,753 - 

(12) Equity
method investment

Details
of investment under the equity method are as follows:

(In
Korean won) December
31, 2023 December
31, 2022 

Location Main
business Ownership Book
value Ownership Book
value 

Taction
Co., LTD Korea Software
development 33.3 % - 33.3 % - 

The
summarized financial information of investment under the equity method as of the closing date and for the current period is as follows:

(In
Korean won) As
of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 

Assets Liabilities Revenue Net
loss Comprehensive

loss 

Taction
Co., LTD 143,966,473 48,194,665 - 109,868,483 109,868,483 

20

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

Changes
of book value of investments in associate accounted using equity method for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(in
Korean won) For
the year ended December 31, 2023 

Beginning Acquisition Impairment
loss Ending 

Taction
Co., Ltd. - - - - 

(in
Korean won) For
the year ended December 31, 2022 

Beginning Acquisition Impairment
loss Ending 

Taction
Co., Ltd. - 97,742,345 97,742,345 - 

Taction
Co., Ltd. was incorporated to engage in software development and IT consulting. As no practical plan to generate revenue and maintain
going-concern basis in the foreseeable future was provided, the Parent recognized impairment loss amounting to acquisition cost.

(13) Equipment
and vehicles, net

Equipment
and vehicles consist as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:

December
31, 

2023 December
31, 

2022 

Office
equipment 39,560,713 16,274,259 

Tools
and instruments 33,350,272 - 

Machinery
and equipment 32,709,091 - 

Facilities 374,868,705 160,241,386 

Vehicles 39,785,349 75,947,865 

520,274,130 252,463,510 

Less
accumulated depreciation (497,547,516 ) (225,955,572 )

Equipment
and vehicles, net 22,726,614 26,507,938 

(14) Goodwill

Changes
of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(in
Korean won) For
the year ended December 31, 2023 

Beginning Business
combination Impairment
loss Ending 

Goodwill 3,628,205,933 32,172,271,290 - 35,800,477,223 

(in
Korean won) For
the year ended December 31, 2022 

Beginning Business combination Impairment
loss Ending 

Goodwill - 3,628,205,933 - 3,628,205,933 

21

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(15) Intangible
assets, net

The
acquired intangible assets, all of which are being amortized, have an average useful life of approximately 20 years. Intangible assets
consist of the following as of December 31, 2023.

For
the year ended December 31, 2023

(In
Korean won) Average

useful life Gross
carrying 

amount Accumulated

amortization Net
carrying 

amount 

Technology
license 20
years 140,342,664 109,946,192 30,396,472 

Customer
relationship 20
years 851,287,339 170,257,468 681,029,871 

Patent
technology 20
years 242,277,049,512 12,139,483,501 230,137,566,011 

243,268,679,515 12,419,687,161 230,848,992,354 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022

(In
Korean won) Average

useful life Gross
carrying 

amount Accumulated

amortization Net
carrying 

amount 

Technology
license 20
years 44,054,025 - 44,054,025 

Customer
relationship 20
years 851,287,339 - 851,287,339 

Patent
technology 20
years 129,927,437,789 - 129,927,437,789 

130,822,779,153 - 130,822,779,153 

Accumulated
amortization expense for intangible assets is 12,419,687,161 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

(16) Short-term
borrowings

The
Group has a loan agreement with an individual and as of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance was 200,000,000 (0% interest
rate at December 31, 2023), which was fully paid in 2024.

The
Group has a loan agreement with an individual and as of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance was 300,000,000 (0% interest
rate at December 31, 2023), 33,000,000 of which was paid in 2024.

The
Group has a short-term debt agreement with Woori Bank Co., Ltd. and as of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance was 283,250,903
(5.54% interest rate at December 31, 2022), which was fully paid in 2023.

The
Group has multiple loan agreements with individuals. The total outstanding balance was total 1,153,365,000 with 7% interest rate
as of December 31, 2022.

(17) Long-term
debt

The
Group has a long-term debt agreement with individuals and as of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance was 460,000,000 (4.6%
interest rate at December 31, 2023), which matures in 2030.

The
Group has a long-term debt agreement with Woori Bank Co., Ltd. and as of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance was 160,000,000
(6% interest rate at December 31, 2022), which was early paid in 2023.

(18) Leases

The
Group has operating leases for properties, including manufacturing plants, offices, and a vehicle.

Leases
have remaining lease terms of longer than 12 months, some of which include options to extend the lease and some include options to terminate
the lease before term. The Group does not assume renewals in our determination of the lease term, unless the renewals are deemed to be
reasonably certain as of the commencement date of the lease. Lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or
material variable lease payments.

22

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

The
Group has entered into various operating leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. The Group has elected to not capitalize leases
with a lease term of 12 months or less.

As
the rate implicit in most of our leases is not readily determinable, the Group uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate based on
the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments.

The
lease expense is included in rent expense of Selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operation
and the amounts for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows:

Years
ended December 31 

(In
Korean Won) 2023 2022 

Operating
lease expense 109,881,120 7,500,000 

Supplemental
balance sheet information related to leases is as follows:

As
of December 31 

(In
Korean Won) 2023 2022 

Operating
leases: 

Total
operating lease right-of-use assets 210,350,535 376,778,565 

Current
operating lease liabilities 105,829,155 62,511,022 

Non-current
operating lease liabilities 101,657,569 311,935,157 

Total
operating lease liabilities 207,486,724 374,446,179 

Weighted-average
remaining lease term 

Operating
leases 31.1
months 23.7
months 

Weighted-aveage
discount rate 

Operating
leases 16.9 % 13.1 %

The
following table summarizes maturities of lease liabilities in undiscounted basis as of December 31, 2023 (in Korean Won)

2024 114,981,120 

2025 78,620,280 

2026 55,500,000 

2027 10,000,000 

Total
undiscounted lease payments 259,101,400 

Less
imputed interest (51,614,676 )

Total
lease liabilities 207,486,724 

23

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

Other
information related to leases as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

As
of December 31 

(In
Korean Won) 2023 2022 

Supplemental
cash flow information: 

Cash
paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Cash
used in operations for operating leases 83,945,144 28,290,000 

ROU
assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating
leases 13,979,432 192,881,475 

Reductions
to ROU assets resulting from reductions to lease obligations: 

Operating
leases 109,881,120 - 

(19) Post-employment
benefits

The
Group maintains a defined contribution retirement benefit plan for its employees. The Group is obligated to pay fixed contributions to
an independent fund, and the amount of future retirement benefits to be paid to employees is determined by the contributions made to
the fund, etc., and the investment income generated from those contributions. Plan assets are managed independently from the Groups
assets in a fund managed by a trustee.

Danateins
pension plan has converted from the DB type to the DC type at the end of March 31, 2017, and is obligated to pay severance payment as
DB type which incurred before the March 31, 2017.

Meanwhile,
expenses recognized by the Group in relation to the defined contribution retirement benefit plan for the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022 are 119,411 thousand and 22,458 thousand, respectively.

(20) Stockholders
equity

Details
of share capital as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(Korean
won in unit and number of shares) 

December
31, 2023 

Par
value

per share Shares

authorized Shares
issued 

and outstanding Common
stock 

Common
stock 5,000 4,000,000 1,887,070 9,435,350,000 

(Korean
won in unit and number of shares) 

December
31, 2022 

Par
value

per share Shares

authorized Shares
issued 

and outstanding Common
stock 

Common
stock 5,000 4,000,000 1,160,672 5,803,360,000 

24

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

Changes
in number of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(In
Korean Won in unit and number of shares) For
the year ended

December 31, 2023 

Number
of 

common stock Common
stock 

January
1, 2023 1,160,672 5,803,360,000 

Issuance
of common stock 669,145 3,345,725,000 

Conversion
of convertible bonds 57,253 286,265,000 

December
31, 2023 1,887,070 9,435,350,000 

(In
Korean Won in unit and number of shares) For
the year ended

December 31, 2022 

Number
of 

common stock Common
stock 

January
1, 2022 301,000 1,505,000,000 

Issuance
of common stock 859,672 4,298,360,000 

December
31, 2022 1,160,672 5,803,360,000 

(21) Additional
paid-in capital

Details
of other components of stockholders equity as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows:

(In
Korean won)

December
31, 

2023 December
31, 

2022 

Additional
paid-in capital in excess of par value 229,027,323,455 108,148,632,336 

Changes
in additional paid-in capital for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(In
Korean won) For
the year ended 

December
31, 

2023 December
31, 

2022 

Beginning
balance 108,148,632,336 4,237,000 

Issuance
of common stock 115,641,230,170 119,277,582,177 

Conversion
of convertible bonds 5,237,460,949 

Business
combination (11,133,186,841 )

Ending
balance 229,027,323,455 108,148,632,336 

(22) Related
party transactions

As
of December 31, 2023, the Groups related parties are as follows:

Type Related
parties

Ultimate
parent entity Bellevue
Capital Management LLC

Major
shareholder of the Parent BCM
Europe AG

Subsidiaries RCM,
VAXIMM, Darnatein

Associates Taction
Co., Ltd.

Other
related parties Bellevue
Global Life Sciences Investors LLC

25

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

There
are no sales and procurement transactions and treasury transactions with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.
The Group acquired Vaximm from BCM Europe AG in December 2022 (Transaction between entities under common control), which is disclosed
in detail in Note 27 Business combinations.

Details
of receivables and payables from related party transactions as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(In
Korean Won) December
31, 2023 

Related
parties Short-term
borrowings 

Key
management Individuals 500,000,000 

(In
Korean Won) December
31, 2022 

Related
parties Short-term
borrowings 

Key
management Individuals 700,000,000 

Compensations
paid or accrued to key management of the Parent for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(In
Korean Won) Year
ended December 31 

2023 2022 

Salaries 615,446,525 269,492,304 

The
Groups key management includes registered directors who have important authority and responsibility for planning, operation, and
control of the Groups business activities.

No
collateral or guarantee were provided for related parties and were received from related parties as of December 31, 2023 and 2022.

26

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(23) Administrative
expenses

Details
of administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(Korean
won in unit) 2023 2022 

Salary 1,081,263,640 561,113,054 

Retirement
payment 151,441,927 29,996,154 

Employee
benefits 69,035,866 44,198,109 

Travel
expenses 54,919,163 13,909,740 

Entertainment
expenses 56,884,678 18,208,300 

Communication
cost 2,973,063 1,285,299 

Tax
and due 27,741,980 11,217,710 

Depreciation
cost 101,467,794 22,391,361 

Amortization
of intangible assets 12,310,159,342 31,980,873 

Rental
cost 139,501,473 7,915,600 

Repair
fee 5,751,818 - 

Insurance
cost 26,876,797 1,364,200 

Vehicle
maintenance fee 23,552,429 5,644,649 

Allowance
for expected credit losses 45,492,513 - 

Research
and development expenses 323,591,877 244,099,988 

Travel
expenses 3,232,644 - 

Training
cost 292,000 - 

Publishing
fee 956,700 1,117,400 

Office
supplies fee 5,910 56,094 

Consumable
cost 34,622,650 7,577,655 

Commisions
and professional fee 736,699,779 324,090,719 

Building
management fee 712,429,052 6,701,970 

Advertising
expenses 8,925,543 - 

Personal
services 37,700,000 6,800,000 

Total 15,955,518,638 1,339,668,875 

(24) Income
taxes

A
summary of income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows:

(In
Korean Won) Year
ended December 31 

2023 2022 

Current: 

Primary
jurisdiction (Republic of Korea) 2,128,451,322 

Foreign 2,376,396 

2,128,451,322 2,376,396 

Deferred: 

Primary
jurisdiction (Republic of Korea) 

Foreign 

Income
tax benefits 2,128,451,322 2,376,396 

There
is no deferred tax recognized in other than net income for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

27

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2023 and 2022

The
provision for income taxes differs from that computed by applying statutory rates to (loss) income before income taxes. Explanations
of the relationship between income tax benefits and accounting (loss) profit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(In
Korean Won) 

2023 2022 

(Loss)
income before income taxes (15,737,115,568 ) 788,195,791 

Income
tax based on statutory tax rate 3,269,257,154 (195,403,074 )

Adjustments: 

Non-deductible
expenses (benefits) for tax purposes (1,679,707 ) 161,696 

Special
tax for rural areas 792,427 - 

Reduction
in tax rate - (933,388 )

Unrecognized
changes in temporary differences (1,249,007,755 ) 176,551,162 

Others
(changes in effective tax rate) 109,089,203 22,000,000 

Income
tax benefits 2,128,451,322 2,376,396 

In
assessing the reliability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon these
considerations as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had a full valuation allowance for the net deferred tax assets on one of
its Asian subsidiaries and certain of its European subsidiaries. Also, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had a partial valuation
allowance offsetting certain deferred tax assets of another one of its Asian subsidiaries. Management believes that it is more likely
than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the remaining deductible differences, net of valuation allowances, at December
31, 2023.

Items
that result in deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

(Korean
won in unit) Year
ended December 31 

2023 2022 

Deferred
tax assets: 

Account
payable (severance) 96,264,791 80,472,827 

Interest
payable 98,415,885 2,961,469 

Amortization
of intangible assets 438,988,604 - 

Net
operating loss carryforward 742,068,617 452,046,322 

Other 148,399,441 123,517,812 

Gross
Deferred tax assets 1,524,137,338 658,998,430 

Valuation
allowance (1,415,211,691 ) (623,074,614 )

Total
deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 108,925,647 35,923,816 

PPA
effect (43,328,007,126 ) (19,480,344,941 )

Total
deferred tax liabilities (43,328,007,126 ) (19,480,344,941 )

Net
deferred tax liabilities (43,219,081,479 ) (19,444,421,125 )

The
Company did not have any material uncertain tax positions, which should be recognized in the consolidated financial statements as of
December 31, 2023. In addition, the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits, which, if recognized, would affect the effective
tax rate for the year then ended.

28

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(25) Earnings
(loss) per share

Basic (loss)
earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are calculated as follows: 

(Korean
won in unit and number of shares) Year
ended December 31 

2023 2022 

Net
(loss) income (A) (13,608,664,246 ) 790,572,187 

Weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding (B) 1,668,498 390,425 

Basic
(loss) earnings per ordinary share (A/B) (8,156 ) 2,025 

Weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are calculated as follows:

(Number
of shares) Year
ended December 31 

2023 2022 

Ordinary
shares outstanding at the beginning 1,160,672 301,000 

Weighted
number of ordinary shares newly issued 446,458 89,425 

Weighted
number of ordinary shares newly issued 49,604 - 

Conversion
of convertible bonds 11,764 - 

Weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding 1,668,498 390,425 

The
groups diluted earnings (loss) per share is the same as basic earnings (loss) per share because there is no dilution effect.

(26) Business
combinations

The
Parent acquired Darnatein (a novel drug development company) (referred as the Acquiree herein) as it executes on its business
plan to further expand its business by discovering and investing in innovative healthcare companies with cutting-edge technology and
creating operating synergies between subsidiaries. As the Parent and the Acquiree former owners exchanged only equity interests in business
combination transactions and the acquisition-date fair value of the Parents equity interests could not reliably be measured, the
Parent determined the amount of goodwill by using the acquisition-date fair value of the Acquiree equity interests instead of the acquisition-date
fair value of the shares transferred.

Vaximm
and Darnatein can be reasonably categorized as (bio)platform companies which differ from the companies only with drug development
pipelines. Bioplatforms can be defined as biotechnologies that, once created and harnessed, allow for the intentional and repeatable
generation of multiple medicines or agricultural and sustainability products. Both Vaximm and Darnatein are biotech companies whose drug
R&D pipelines are based on their own in-house platform technologies that are protected by either patents or trade secrets. According
to the hub-and-spoke business model of OSR Holdings, the Parent has assumed the position to either own or control the technology
platforms of Vaximm and Darnatein through the Business Combinations, which means that the Parent will be able to launch new services
to external clients or create additional drug candidates by a new start-up or Joint Venture with business partners based on their direct
ownership or control over the platform technologies acquired from the Business Combinations. Such quality would support the goodwill
recognition.

29

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

Details
of business combinations that occurred for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

(In
Korean won) For
the year ended December 31, 2023

Acquiree Main
business Acquisition
date Ownership

(%) Total 

consideration 

Darnatein
New
drug development, etc. March
31, 2023 100.00 % 105,004,724,500 

(In
Korean won) For
the year ended December 31, 2022

Acquiree Main
business Acquisition
date Ownership

(%) Total

consideration 

RMC Medical
device distribution, etc. December
31, 2022 100.00 % 5,449,676,000 

VAXIMM New
drug development, etc. December
31, 2022 100.00 % 124,558,971,196 

Business
combination in 2023 - Darnatein

Details
of identifiable assets and liabilities and goodwill, which are recognized as the result of the acquisition of Darnatein completed during
the year ended December 31, 2023 are set forth in the table below.

(in
Korean won) Darnatein 

Fair value of total
identifiable assets: 

Current
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 88,452,978 

Trade
and other receivables 5,593,090 

Current
tax assets 368,040 

Non-current
assets: 

Equipment
and vehicles 9,421,068 

Right-of-use
assets 94,273,525 

Intangible
assets 95,348,738,746 

Non-current
financial assets 1,420,000 

95,548,267,447 

Fair
value of total identifiable liabilties: 

Current
liabilities: 

Trade
and other payables 90,567,854 

Lease
liabilities 43,339,023 

Current
other liabilities 8,377,504 

Non-current
liabilities: 

Severance
payment 2,435,281 

Lease
liabilities 75,796,433 

Deferred
tax liabilities 25,024,086,000 

25,244,602,095 

Fair
value of identifiable net assets 70,303,665,352 

Goodwill 34,701,059,198 

Purchase
consideraation transferred (*) 105,004,724,550 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Groups consolidated statement of operations included 271,016,537 of operating loss,
which included 91,179,603 of intangible amortization, from Darnatein. The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of
operations assume that the acquisition of Darnatein was completed as of January 1, 2022.

30

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(Korean
won in unit) (Unaudited)
Year ended

December 31 

2023 2022 

- - 

Total
operating revenues Net loss attributable to OSR Holdings (1,002,639,294 ) (1,097,951
,893 ) 

Pro
forma data may not be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events occurred at the beginning of the periods
presented, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

The
acquisition-date fair value of Darnatein was measured using the Discount Cash Flow (DCF) method and the Risk adjusted Net
Present Value (r-NPV) method by outside valuation professionals. Key estimations and assumptions used in measuring the
fair value of Darnatein are as follows:

19.88% of
discount rate (Weighted Average Cost of Capital: WACC) used in discounting operating cashflows

Patent
technology will generate operating revenue for 20 years

(*1) OSR
ordinary shares issued for purchase consideration of 105,004,724,550 is 590,425 shares at 177,846 per share. The number
of OSR ordinary shares to be issued was determined based on negotiation with former owners of Darnatein.

Business
combination in 2022 - RMC

Details
of identifiable assets and liabilities of RMC and goodwill, which are recognized as the result of the acquisition of RMS completed during
the year ended December 31, 2022 are set forth in the table below.

(in
Korean won) RMC 

Fair value of total
identifiable assets: 

Current
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 492,332,061 

Trade
and other receivables 546,515,991 

Inventories,
net 1,362,517,619 

Current
tax assets 14,528,800 

Non-current
assets: 

Equipment
and vehicles 8,992,855 

Right-of-use
assets 96,363,961 

Intangible
assets 851,287,339 

Non-current
financial assets 25,829,421 

Deferred
tax assets 72,044,355 

3,470,412,402 

Fair
value of total identifiable liabilties: 

Current
liabilities: 

Trade
and other payables 986,986,122 

Short-term
borrowings 283,250,903 

Lease
liabilities 34,471,452 

Other
liabilities 6,060,410 

Non-current
liabilities: 

Long-term
borrowings 160,000,000 

Lease
liabilities 59,874,430 

Deferred
tax liabilities 122,090,826 

1,652,734,143 

Fair
value of identifiable net assets 1,817,678,259 

Goodwill 3,631,997,741 

Purchase
consideraation transferred (*2) 5,449,676,000 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023, the Groups consolidated statement of operations included 4,379,326,075 of revenues and
149,723,018 of operating income from RMC. The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations assume that the
acquisition of RMC was completed as of January 1, 2022.

31

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(Korean
won in unit) (Unaudited)
Year ended

December 31 

2023 2022 

Total
operating revenues 4,379,326,075 1,676,437,856 

Net
income attributable to OSR Holdings 71,708,368 12,825,929 

Pro
forma data may not be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events occurred at the beginning of the periods
presented, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

The
acquisition-date fair value of RMC was measured using the Discount Cash Flow (DCF) method by outside valuation professionals.
Key estimations and assumptions used in measuring the fair value of RMC are as follows:

13.6%
of discount rate (Weighted Average Cost of Capital: WACC) used in discounting operating cashflows

Patent
technology will generate operating revenue for 20 years

Penetration
ratio will reach at 100% in 7 years since approval of new drug

(*2) OSR
ordinary shares issued for the purchase consideration transferred of 5,449,676,000 is 70,847 shares at 76,922 per share.
The number of OSR ordinary shares to be issued was determined based on negotiation with former owners of RMC.

Business
combination in 2022 Vaximm (Transaction between entities under common control)

Vaximm
acquisition is treated as business combination between entities under the control and is accounted for as if the acquisition had occurred
at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or, if later, at the date that common control was established. The transferring
entity under common control transaction, BCM Europe AG, acquired Vaximms remaining share from a third party on November 4, 2022,
which is considered when the common control was established for the Group. The Groups acquisition of Vaximm from BCM Europe AG
was completed on December 31, 2022. As such, the Group has presented the accompanying consolidated financial statements as though the
assets and liabilities of Vaximm had been transferred at the beginning of November 2022, and accounted for the transactions using the
guidance for transactions between entities under common control as described in ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Accordingly,
the Group measured the recognized net assets transferred of Vaximm at the carrying amount of as of the beginning of November 2022 and
the components of equity of Vaximm are added to the same components within the Groups equity.

Details
of identifiable assets and liabilities of Vaximm are set forth in the table below.

(in Korean won) 

VAXIMM 

Book value of total
identifiable assets: 

Current
assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 1,757,253,007 

Trade
and other receivables 76,608,257 

Other
assets 13,394,354 

Non-current
assets: 

Equipment
and vehicles 10,641,115 

Right-of-use
assets 230,783,566 

Intangible
assets 129,971,491,814 

Non-current
financial assets 681,310,076 

132,741,482,189 

Book
value of total identifiable liabilties: 

Current
liabilities: 

Trade
and other payables 184,086,765 

Other
liabilities 49,909,316 

Current
tax liabilities 5,396,752 

Non-current
liabilities: 

Lease
liabilities 233,231,393 

Deferred
tax liabilities 19,398,166,462 

19,870,790,688 

Book
value of recognized net assets 112,870,691,501 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Groups consolidated statement of operations included 74,224,985 and 8,758,337
of revenues and 1,038,984,245 and 545,710,913 of operating loss, respectively, from Vaximm. The following unaudited pro
forma consolidated results of operations assume that the acquisition of Vaximm was completed as of January 1, 2022.

32

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(Korean
won in unit) (Unaudited)
Year ended

December 31 

2023 2022 

Total
operating revenues 74,224,985 1,382,737,557 

Net
loss attributable to OSR Holdings (1,044,469,241 ) (805,609,755 )

Pro
forma data may not be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events occurred at the beginning of the periods
presented, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

Purchase
consideration reflects the value of (i) 696,225 OSR Holdings ordinary shares issued to BCM Europe AG, (ii) 1,750 BCM Europe AG preferred
shares assigned to BCM Europe AG by OSR Holdings, and (iii) $3,600,000 US dollars. The per share value of the OSR Holdings ordinary shares
and BCM Europe AG preferred shares was 163,046 and 3,782,199, respectively. The purchase consideration was determined based
on negotiations between OSR Holdings and BCM Europe AG. The difference between the book value of the recognized net assets and the consideration
transferred is deemed a capital contribution.

Patent
technology - Darnatein

Details
of patent technology recognized from the acquisition of Darnatein that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2023 are set forth
in the table below.

(Korean
won in thousand) 

Amount 

Patentl
technology project code: 

DRT
101 94,788,203 

DRT-101
is a synthetic bio-signaling molecule that replaces BMPRII-binding segments of BMP-7, one of the bone-forming proteins, with high affinity
ActRII binding segments of Activin A, a member of the transforming growth factor (TGF-) superfamily along with BMP-7. In
nature, endogenous BMP7 promotes chondrogenesis in damaged cartilage tissue by signaling primarily via the type II receptor BMPRII and
to a lesser extent via the activin type II receptor ActRII, which it binds with lower affinity. DRT-101 amplifies intracellular regeneration
signaling capacity compared to natural BMP-7 and allows for regeneration and restoration of mechanically depleted cartilage cells to
normal levels.

Osteoarthritis
is the most common joint disorder in the aging population. Although surgical treatment of osteoar-thritis can reduce pain and improve
joint mobility and function, the operative management of osteoarthritis is associated with significant cost and morbidity. Unmet medical
needs for DRT-101 for Osteoarthritis are enormous specially with aging population. Unique market opportunity of DRT-101 relies on novel
Mechanism of Action of DRT-101 that can lead to potential first-in-class DMOAD (Disease-Modifying Osteoarthritis Drug) in the market.

Darnatein
is pursuing pre-clinical studies of DRT-101 targeting osteoarthritis and plans to file Investigational New Drug Application (IND) to
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration by 2025 for Phase 1 clinical trial, with aims of FDA approval by 2032. Darnatein will seek to create
cashflow via licensing deals from the preclinical and clinical developments of its pipeline assets.

33

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

Details
of patent technology recognized from the acquisition of VAXIMM that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 are set forth in
the table below.

(Korean
won in thousand) 

Amount 

Patent technology
project code: 

VMX01-GBM
(ROW and China) (*) 15,481,599 

VMX01-mCRC
(ROW and China) (*) 27,256,642 

VMX01-Liver
(ROW and China) (*) 41,297,472 

VMX01-NF2
(ROW and China) (*) 16,214,016 

VMX-Preclinical 29,047,708 

Total
fair value 129,297,437 

(*) Rest
of the world (ROW) represents 7 major countries except China. These markets were separated purely from a licensing perspective,
as the pre-determined terms would be applied when licensing out its technologies due to the license agreement with China Medical System
Corp.

VXM01

VXM01
is an oral T-cell immunotherapy that is designed to activate T-cells to attack the tumor vasculature and tumor cells. VXM01 carries the
vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR2), which is highly overexpressed on the tumor vasculature. The active, T-cell-mediated
destruction of tumor vasculature cells leads to an increased infiltration of various immune cells into tumor tissue.

VXM-Preclinical

VAXIMMs
preclinical programs are composed of 4 different pipelines: VXM04, VXM06, VXM08 and VXM10

VXM04
carries human mesothelin as the target antigen. Mesothelin is a protein that is overexpressed
in several solid tumors.

VXM06
targets WT1. WT1 is overexpressed in several hematological malignancies and solid tumors.
In preclinical studies, VXM06 has shown potent T-cell activation against WT1 and stand-alone
therapeutic activity in models of leukemia.

VXM08
targets CEA, a human tumor-associated antigen overexpressed in many solid tumors. In preclinical
studies, VXM08 has shown potent T-cell activation against its target antigen as well as stand-alone
therapeutic activity in models of colorectal and lung cancer.

VXM10
targets PD-L1, an immunomodulatory antigen upregulated in many solid tumors as well as hematological
malignancies. VXM10 is currently in preclinical development and has shown stand-alone therapeutic
activity in models of leukemia.

Net
cashflow from the acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

34

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(in
Korean won) 

2023 

Net
cash outflow arising from acquisition of Darnatein: 

Cash
consideration - 

Less:
cash and cash equivalent balances acquired (88,452,978 ) 

(88,452,978 ) 

(in Korean won) 

2022 

Net
cash outflow arising from acquisition of VAXIMM and RMC: 

Cash
consideration - 

Less:
cash and cash equivalent balances acquired (2,249,584,807 )

(2,249,584,807 )

After
the acquisitions, net sales revenue recognized by RMC and VAXIMM for the year ended December 31, 2023 were 4,379,326,075 and 74,224,985,
respectively.

(27) Commitment
and contingencies

The
Group has no pending litigation cases arising in the ordinary course of business as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Parent has entered
into various contractual commitments related to the acquisition of VAXIMM including a future financial obligation of CHF 143,356 underlying
as of December 31, 2023. Meanwhile, both parties have agreed to remove section 6.1.3 of the license agreement that states that in the
event of the Parents sale to a third party, the Licensor shall reimburse the Licensee for reasonable costs and expenses incurred
in the preparation, submission, maintenance, prosecution, and enforcement process.

35

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2023 and 2022

(28) Segment
reporting

The
Group operates in one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial
information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (CODM) in deciding how to allocate resources and
assessing performance. The Groups CODM role is fulfilled by the Executive Leadership Team, who allocates resources and assesses
performance based upon consolidated financial information. The geographic segments for the long-lived assets and ROU assets are disclosed
below.

There
are no external customers that account for more than 10% of sales for the reporting period.

The
Groups subsidiaries operate in two geographic areas: Asia (Republic of Korea) and Europe (Switzerland and Germany). A break-down
of the long-lived assets and ROU assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:

(In
Korean won) December
31, 2023 

Asia Europe Total 

Office
equipment 39,560,713 - 39,560,713 

Tools
and instruments 33,350,272 - 33,350,272 

Machinery
and equipment 32,709,091 - 32,709,091 

Facilities 229,358,179 145,510,526 374,868,705 

Vehicles 39,785,349 - 39,785,349 

374,763,604 145,510,526 520,274,130 

Less
accumulated depreciation (355,432,393 ) (142,115,123 ) (497,547,516 )

Equipment
and vehicles, net 19,331,211 3,395,403 22,726,614 

ROU
assets 342,790,028 - 342,790,028 

Less
accumulated amortization (132,439,493 ) - (132,439,493 )

ROU
assets, net 210,350,535 - 210,350,535 

(In
Korean won) December
31, 2022

Asia Europe Total 

Office
equipment 16,274,259 - 16,274,259 

Tools
and instruments - - - 

Machinery
and equipment - - - 

Facilities - 160,241,386 160,241,386 

Vehicles 75,947,865 - 75,947,865 

92,222,124 160,241,386 252,463,510 

Less
accumulated depreciation (76,355,301 ) (149,600,271 ) (225,955,572 )

Equipment
and vehicles, net 15,866,823 10,641,115 26,507,938 

ROU
assets 152,255,072 230,783,566 383,038,638 

Less
accumulated amortization (6,260,073 ) - (6,260,073 )

ROU
assets, net 145,994,999 230,783,566 376,778,565 

The
geographic break-down information on the other financial statement captions are considered impractical due to their immaterial nature.

(29) Subsequent
events

The
Group has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through January 31, 2025, the date at which the consolidated financial
statements were available to be issued and determined that there are no other items to disclose.

36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex99-3_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF OSR HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AS OF AND FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023, INCLUDING THE RELATED NOTES THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.3

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd.

and
its subsidiaries

Consolidated
financial statements

for
the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

with
the independent Registered Public Accounting Firms review report

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd.

Table
of contents

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 1

Consolidated financial statements 

Consolidated balance sheets 3

Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income 4

Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity 5

Consolidated statements of cash flows 6

Notes to the consolidated financial statements 7
~ 29

i

Shinhan
Accounting Corporation 

8th FL, 8, Uisadang-daero

Yeongdeungpo-gu,Seoul, 07236, Korea

Telephone:
82-2-782-9940

Telefax:
82-2-782-9941

www.rsm.global/korea

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

OSR Holdings Co., Ltd.

Results
of Review of Interim Financial Statements

We
have reviewed the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Company)
as of September 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders
equity for the three-month and nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the consolidated statements of cash flows for
nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements).
Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated financial statements referred
to above for them to be In conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Review Results

These interim
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Companys management. We conducted our review in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS) applicable to reviews of interim financial information.
A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible
for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB and GAAS, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly,
we do not express such an opinion. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

/s/ RSM Shinhan Accounting Corporation 

Shinhan
Accounting Corporation

Seoul,
Korea 

February 7, 2025

1

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)

September
30, 2024 and 2023

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In
Korean won, except share data)

(Unaudited)

September 30, 

2024 (Audited)

December 31, 

2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 551,357,663 696,542,458 

Trade
and other receivables, less allowance for credit losses of 56,242,447 and 45,492,513 as of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, respectively 1,324,239,630 1,543,542,712 

Inventories,
net 1,420,331,157 1,790,054,138 

Prepaid
income taxes 7,444,860 6,705,149 

Other
current financial assets 80,000,000 68,777,020 

Other
current assets 106,092,500 91,500,706 

Total
current assets 3,489,465,810 4,197,122,183 

Equipment
and vehicles, net 4,869,529 22,726,614 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets, net 129,531,889 210,350,535 

Intangible
assets, net 219,307,788,371 230,848,992,354 

Goodwill 35,800,477,223 35,800,477,223 

Other
non-current financial assets 209,683,563 483,286,651 

Deferred
tax assets 108,925,647 108,925,647 

Total
assets 259,050,742,032 271,671,881,207 

Liabilities
and Stockholders Equity 

Current
liabilities: 

Short-term
borrowing 1,967,836,000 500,000,000 

Trade
and other payables 1,153,717,709 1,955,746,193 

Accrued
expenses 687,109,481 558,554,905 

Operating
lease liabilities-current 71,053,740 105,829,155 

Other
current liabilities 101,501,157 106,140,035 

Income
taxes payable 17,873,233 

Total
current liabilities 3,981,218,087 3,244,143,521 

Long-term
debt 782,815,586 460,000,000 

Operating
lease liabilities- non-current 55,866,397 101,657,569 

Other
non-current liabilities 2,435,281 2,435,281 

Deferred
tax liabilities 41,822,027,764 43,328,007,126 

Total
liabilities 46,644,363,115 47,136,243,497 

Stockholders
equity: 

Common stock, 5,000
par value, Authorized 4,000,000 shares; 1,887,070 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 9,435,350,000 9,435,350,000 

Additional
paid-in capital 229,027,323,455 229,027,323,455 

Accumulated
deficit (26,257,268,000 ) (14,095,976,021 )

Accumulated
other comprehensive income 200,973,462 168,940,276 

Total
stockholders equity 212,406,378,917 224,535,637,710 

Total
liabilities and stockholders equity 259,050,742,032 271,671,881,207 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.

3

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)

(In Korean won)

Three
months ended

September 30, Nine
months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 2024 2023 

Net
sales 1,119,393,865 1,154,906,196 3,537,771,180 3,139,754,178 

Cost
of sales 875,525,818 1,008,956,199 2,656,774,379 2,269,582,758 

Gross
profit 243,868,047 145,949,997 880,996,801 870,171,420 

Selling,
general, and administrative expenses 5,090,681,724 6,805,410,776 14,516,612,678 12,345,573,778 

Operating
loss (4,846,813,677 ) (6,659,460,779 ) (13,635,615,877 ) (11,475,402,358 )

Other
income (expense): 

Interest
income 1,984,414 (37,900,155 ) 15,487,186 30,841,664 

Interest
expense (12,382,630 ) (116,674,234 ) (33,454,569 ) (440,124,159 )

Other
income 58,675,356 337,158,421 129,816,866 368,675,893 

Other
expenses 46,714,465 (294,579,247 ) (143,495,738 ) (357,518,959 )

Loss
before income taxes (4,751,822,072 ) (6,771,455,994 ) (13,667,262,132 ) (11,873,527,919 )

Income
tax benefit 192,065,823 1,530,220,854 1,505,970,153 1,538,552,480 

Net
loss (4,559,756,249 ) (5,241,235,140 ) (12,161,291,979 ) (10,334,975,439 )

Attributable
to: 

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries (4,559,756,249 ) (5,241,235,140 ) (12,161,291,979 ) (10,334,975,439 )

Non-controlling
interests 

Other
comprehensive income for the year, net of tax Gain on foreign currency translation 219,047 31,660,788 32,033,186 158,614,161 

Total
comprehensive loss for the year (4,559,537,202 ) (5,209,574,352 ) (12,129,258,793 ) (10,176,361,278 )

Attributable
to: 

OSR
Holdings Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries (4,559,537,202 ) (5,209,574,352 ) (12,129,258,793 ) (10,176,361,278 )

Non-controlling
interests 

Loss per share
attributable to OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries Basic loss per ordinary share (2,416 ) (2,864 ) (6,442 ) (6,466 )

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.

4

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited)

(In
Korean won, except share data)

Common
stock Additional Retained
Earnings

(accumulated Accumulated
other

comprehensive Total

stockholders 

Shares Amounts paid-in
capital deficit) Income
(loss) equity 

Balance
at January 1, 2023 1,160,672 5,803,360,000 108,148,632,336 (487,311,775 ) 113,464,680,561 

Net
loss (5,093,740,299 ) (5,093,740,299 )

Foreign
currency translation adjustment 126,953,373 126,953,373 

Issuance
of Convertible Bonds 155,504,514 155,504,514 

Stock
issued 669,145 3,345,725,000 115,642,906,470 118,988,631,470 

Balance
at June 30, 2023 1,829,817 9,149,085,000 223,947,043,320 (5,581,052,074 ) 126,953,373 227,642,029,619 

Balance at July
1, 2023 1,829,817 9,149,085,000 223,947,043,320 (5,581,052,074 ) 126,953,373 227,642,029,619 

Net
loss (5,241,235,140 ) (5,241,235,140 )

Foreign
currency translation adjustment 31,660,788 31,660,788 

Balance
at September 30, 2023 1,829,817 9,149,085,000 223,947,043,320 (10,822,287,214 ) 158,614,161 222,432,455,267 

Balance at January
1, 2024 1,887,070 9,435,350,000 229,027,323,455 (14,095,976,021 ) 168,940,276 224,535,637,710 

Net
loss (7,601,535,730 ) (7,601,535,730 )

Foreign
currency translation adjustment 31,814,139 31,814,139 

Balance
at June 30, 2024 1,887,070 9,435,350,000 229,027,323,455 (21,697,511,751 ) 200,754,415 216,965,916,119 

Balance at July
1, 2024 1,887,070 9,435,350,000 229,027,323,455 (21,697,511,751 ) 200,754,415 216,965,916,119 

Net
loss (4,559,756,249 ) (4,559,756,249 )

Foreign
currency translation adjustment 219,047 219,047 

Balance
at September 30, 2024 1,887,070 9,435,350,000 229,027,323,455 (26,257,268,000 ) 200,973,462 212,406,378,917 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.

5

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIAIRIES

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

(In Korean won)

Nine
months ended 

September 30, 

2024 2023 

Cash
flows from operating activities: 

Net
loss (12,161,291,979 ) (10,334,975,439 )

Adjustments
to reconcile net (loss) income to cash used in opearting activities: 

Income
tax benefit (1,505,970,153 ) (1,538,552,480 )

Depreciation 64,732,817 139,672,930 

Amortization 11,483,657,772 9,616,124,920 

Loss
on inventory valuation 1,821,519 12,695,976 

Loss
on disposal of tangible assets 4,703,237 

Bad
debts 35,609,934 45,492,513 

Severance
pay 101,871,177 73,697,791 

Interest
expense 4,177,547 428,544,157 

Interest
Income (1,646,973 )

Loss
on foreign currency translation 90,435 (28,475,646 )

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase)
decrease in trade and other receivables 208,553,148 (580,644,736 )

Increase
in inventories, net 367,901,462 (208,618,010 )

Decrease
in prepaid income taxes (739,711 ) (7,443,520 ) 

Increase
in other current financial assets 

Increase
in other current assets (14,591,794 ) (133,391,007 ) 

Decrease
in ROU assets 29,886,993 

(Decrease)
increase in trade and other payables (802,028,484 ) (3,900,146,798 )

Increase
in accrued expenses 27,543,240 28,216,158 

Increase
(decrease) in lease liabilities (80,566,587 ) 51,304,518 

Increase
in tax payables (17,873,233 ) 

(Decrease)
Increase in other liabilities (4,638,878 ) (20,663,076 )

Net
cash used in operating activities (2,257,151,538 ) (6,358,808,722 )

Cash
flows from investing activities: 

Decrease
in deposits 11,347,500 150,000 

Disposal
of equipment and vehicles 8,192,711 

Purchase
of equipment and vehicles (11,436,364 )

Purchase
of ROU assets (51,905,246 )

Increase
in deposits (10,000,000 ) (31,777,948 )

Net
cash provided by (used in) investing activities 9,540,211 (94,969,558 )

Cash flows from financing
activities: 

Proceeds
from long-term debt 322,815,586 

Proceeds
from short-term borrowing 1,738,171,000 598,581,500 

Repayment
of short-term borrowing (893,723,000 ) (94,722,823 )

Increase
in short-term loan (23,860,000 ) (449,683,682 )

Decrease
in short-term loan 949,710,999 

Issuance
of convertible bonds 4,000,000,000 

Payment
of stock issuance costs (16,130,200 )

Net
cash provided by financing activities 2,093,114,585 4,038,044,795 

Net
change in cash and cash equivalents (154,496,742 ) (2,415,733,485 )

Effects
of changes in exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 9,311,947 (41,545,274 )

Cash
and cash equivalents at beginning of year 696,542,458 3,556,865,658 

Cash
and cash equivalents at end of year 551,357,663 1,099,586,899 

Supplemental
disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash
paid for interest 50,476,343 37,805,581 

Cash
paid for income taxes (net of refunds received) 18,622,153 44,951,350 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.

6

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(1) Organization
and nature of business

The
condensed consolidated financial statements of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. (the Company or the Parent) and its
subsidiaries (collectively, the Group) for the period ended September 30, 2024 were authorized for issuance in accordance
with a resolution of the directors meeting on January 31, 2025. The registered office is located at 37-36 Hoedong-gil, Paju-si, Gyeongi-do,
Republic of Korea.

The
Company is a global life sciences holding company based in South Korea and is actively engaging in drug development, dedicating to advance
healthcare outcome and driving social progress. Through open innovation and responsible investment, the Company aims to make a lasting
impact across the industry as well as our society. With a strong focus on oncology and immunology, the Companys mission is to
build a robust portfolio of ventures, bringing innovative and transformative therapies to market.

Details
of shareholders as of September 30, 2024 are as follows:

Name
of Shareholder Number
of ordinary

share Percentage
of

ownership 

Bellevue Capital
Management LLC 581,031 30.79 %

Bellevue Capital Management
Europe AG 241,000 12.77 %

Joint Protein Central 200,868 10.64 %

Invites Ventures Co.,
Ltd. 135,129 7.16 %

CG Invites Co., Ltd. 83,999 4.45 %

PARK, CHAN KYOO 81,970 4.34 %

Joint Center For Biosciences 78,720 4.17 %

Others 484,353 25.68 %

Total 1,887,070 100.00 %

Details
of investments in subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024 are as follows:

Name
of subsidiary Share
capital Percentage
of ownership Principal
activities Country
of ncorporation 

VAXIMM AG (VAXIMM) 1,091,203,754 100.00 % Biotech (drug development) Switzerland 

RMC Co., Ltd. (RMC) 35,000,000 100.00 % Medical device distribution Republic
of Korea 

Darnatein Co., Ltd. (Darnatein) 6,466,667,000 100.00 % Biotech (drug development) Republic
of Korea 

Key
financial information of the subsidiaries at September 30, 2024 are as follows (Korean won in thousands):

Name of
subsidiary Asset Liability Equity Sales Net
Income(loss) 

VAXIMM AG 1,004,370 200,393 803,977 2,887 (661,914 )

RMC Co.,Ltd 3,332,225 2,151,503 1,180,721 3,534,884 13,171 

Darnatein Co.,Ltd 264,365 721,343 (456,978 ) - 157,111 

7

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

Summaries
of entities, which are newly included in consolidation scope for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

For
the year ended September 30, 2023

Name
of subsidiary Reason Type
of purchase consideration

Darnatein Acquisition (*1) New shares of the Parent and other financial
assets

(*1) The
Parent acquired subsidiary in March 2023 and accounted the acquisitions on March 31, 2023,
which is deemed the acquisition date.

(2) Summary
of significant accounting policies

a. Basis
of presentation

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (US-GAAP) and reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair presentation of the results
of the interim periods presented, under the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).
These condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary
for a fair statement of the results of the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are
not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter or for the entire year ending December 31, 2024.
Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the Companys annual audited consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes prepared in accordance with US-GAAP have been condensed in, or omitted from, these interim financial statements. Accordingly,
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements
and related notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Companys
Annual Report on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on January 29, 2025.

b. Principle
of consolidation

The
condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

The
Company consolidates entities in which it has a controlling financial interest based on either the variable interest entity (VIE) or
voting interest model. The Company is required to first apply the VIE model to determine whether it holds a variable interest in an entity,
and if so, whether the entity is a VIE. If the Company determines it does not hold a variable interest in a VIE, it then applies the
voting interest model. Under the voting interest model, the Company consolidates an entity when it holds a majority voting interest in
an entity.

The
Company accounts for investments in which it has significant influence but not a controlling financial interest using the equity method
of accounting.

c. Use
of estimates

The
preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with US-GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include allowance for credit losses, valuation
of inventories, valuation of deferred tax assets, the useful lives of equipment and vehicles, lease liabilities and right-of-use assets,
and other contingencies.

8

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

d. Cash
and cash equivalents

The
Group considers all highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

e. Allowance
for credit losses

The
Group records an allowance for credit losses (ACL) under Subtopic 326-20 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses Measured at
Amortized Cost for the current expected credit losses inherent in its financial assets measured at amortized cost and contract assets.
The ACL is a valuation account deducted from the amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected. The estimate
of expected credit losses includes expected recoveries of amounts previously written off as well as amounts expected to be written off.

Accounts
receivable

The
Group uses an aging schedule to estimate the ACL for trade accounts receivable. This method categorizes trade receivables into different
groups based on industry and the number of days past due. Past due status is measured based on the number of days since the payment due
date. The trade receivables are evaluated individually for expected credit losses if they no longer share similar risk characteristics.
The Group determines that the receivables no longer share similar risk characteristic if they are past due balances over 90 days and
over a specified amount. The Group evaluates the collectability of trade accounts receivables with payments that are more than 90 days
past due on an individual basis to determine if any are deemed uncollectible. Trade accounts receivable balances are deemed uncollectible
and written off as a deduction from the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted.

f. Accounts
receivable

Accounts
receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Amounts collected on trade accounts receivable are included
in cash flows from operating activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.

g. Inventories

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method. Cost comprises of direct
materials and delivery costs, direct labor, import duties and other taxes, an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure
based on normal operating capacity, and, where applicable, transfers from cash flow hedging reserves in equity. Costs of purchased inventory
are determined after deducting rebates and discounts received or receivable.

Stock
in transit is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost comprises of purchase and delivery costs, net of rebates and
discounts received or receivable.

Net
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated
costs necessary to make the sale.

h. Equipment
and vehicles

Equipment
and vehicles are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes
expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

9

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

Depreciation
of all equipment and vehicles is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of their residual
values, over their estimated useful lives as follows:

Estimated
useful lives

Vehicle 5 years

Office equipment 5 years

Facility equipment 3 to 13 years

The
assets depreciation method, residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
period.

i. Goodwill
and intangible assets

Goodwill
represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination.

The
Group accounts for intangible assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other (ASC 350). ASC 350 requires that intangible assets with estimable useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated
useful lives and reviewed for impairment in accordance with accounting standards.

When
impairment indicators are identified, the Group compares the reporting units fair value to its carrying amount, including goodwill.
An impairment loss is recognized as the difference, if any, between the reporting units carrying amount and its fair value, to
the extent the difference does not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, and more frequently when there is a triggering event. Annually, or when there is
a triggering event, the Group first performs a qualitative assessment by evaluating all relevant events and circumstances to determine
if it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired; this includes considering any potential effect
on significant inputs to determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. When it is more likely than not that an
indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, then the Group calculates the fair value of the intangible asset and performs a quantitative
impairment test.

j. Impairment
of long-lived assets

Long-lived
assets, such as equipment, vehicles and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or
asset group to be tested for possible impairment, the Group first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset
or asset group to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted
cash flow basis, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined
through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals,
as considered necessary.

k. Leases

The
Group is a lessee in several noncancellable operating leases, primarily for plants and main offices. The Group does not have a finance
lease.

The
Group accounts for leases in accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases. The Group determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease
at contract inception. The Group recognizes a right-of-use (ROU) asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.

For
operating leases, the lease liability is initially and subsequently measured at the present value of the unpaid lease payments at the
lease commencement date. For finance leases, the lease liability is initially measured in the same manner and date as for operating leases
and is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective-interest method.

10

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

Key
estimates and judgments include how the Group determines (1) the discount rate it uses to discount the unpaid lease payments to present
value, (2) lease term, and (3) lease payments.

Topic
842 requires a lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit
in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, its incremental borrowing rate.
Generally, the Group cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease because it
does not have access to the lessors estimated residual value or the amount of the
lessors deferred initial direct costs. Therefore, the Group generally uses its incremental
borrowing rate as the discount rate for the lease. The Groups incremental borrowing
rate for a lease is the rate of interest it would have to pay on a collateralized basis to
borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. Because the Group does
not generally borrow on a collateralized basis, it uses the interest rate it pays on its
noncollateralized borrowings as an input to deriving an appropriate incremental borrowing
rate, adjusted for the amount of the lease payments, the lease term, and the effect on that
rate of designating specific collateral with a value equal to the unpaid lease payments for
that lease.

The
lease term for all of the Groups leases includes the noncancellable period of the
lease plus any additional periods covered by either a Group option to extend (or not to terminate)
the lease that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, or an option to extend (or not
to terminate) the lease controlled by the lessor.

Lease
payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

Fixed
payments, including in-substance fixed payments, owed over the lease term (includes termination
penalties the Group would owe if the lease term reflects the Groups exercise of a
termination option);

Variable
lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate
at the lease commencement date;

Amounts
expected to be payable under a Group-provided residual value guarantee; and

The
exercise price of a Group option to purchase the underlying asset if the Group is reasonably
certain to exercise the option.

The
ROU asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments made at
or before the lease commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received.

For
operating leases, the ROU asset is subsequently measured throughout the lease term at the carrying amount of the lease liability, plus
initial direct costs, plus (minus) any prepaid (accrued) lease payments, less the unamortized balance of lease incentives received. Lease
expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

ROU
assets are periodically reduced by impairment losses. The Group uses the long-lived assets impairment guidance in ASC Subtopic 360-10,
Property, Plant, and Equipment Overall, to determine whether an ROU asset is impaired, and if so, the amount of the impairment
loss to recognize.

The
Group monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of one of its leases. When a reassessment results in
the remeasurement of a lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless
doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an amount less than zero. In that case, the amount of the adjustment that
would result in a negative ROU asset balance is recorded in profit or loss.

11

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

Operating
lease ROU assets are presented as operating lease right of use assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The current portion
of operating lease liabilities are presented separately on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.

The
Group has elected not to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less.
The Group recognizes the lease payments associated with its short-term leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
term.

l. Foreign
currency translation

The
Group has operations in South Korea, Switzerland, and Germany. Accounting records in foreign operations are maintained in local currencies
and remeasured to the Korean won during the consolidation. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical rates, and
monetary assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the end of the year. Income statement accounts are translated
at average rates for the year. Gains or losses from remeasurement of foreign currency financial statements into the Korean won are included
in current results of comprehensive income.

m. Revenue
recognition

The
Group only has revenue from customers. The Group recognizes revenue when it satisfies performance obligations under the terms of its
contracts, and control of its products is transferred to its customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Group expects
to receive from its customers in exchange for those products. This process involves identifying the customer contract, determining the
performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the distinct performance
obligations in the contract, and recognizing revenue when the performance obligations have been satisfied. A performance obligation is
considered distinct from other obligations in a contract when it (a) provides a benefit to the customer either on its own or together
with other resources that are readily available to the customer and (b) is separately identified in the contract. The Group considers
a performance obligation satisfied once it has transferred control of a good or product to a customer, meaning the customer has the ability
to direct the use and obtain the benefit of the good or product.

n. Income
taxes

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Group
recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income
tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Valuation allowances are established
when management determines it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes
in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Group reports income tax-related
interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions, if applicable, as a component of income tax expense.

12

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

o. Fair
value measurements

The
Group utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent
possible. The Group determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in
the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following
fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels:

Level
1 inputs: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date.

Level
2 inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the
asset or liability.

Level
3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the
extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which
there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date.

The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses and other current and financial
assets, trade and other payable, short-term borrowing, current operating lease liabilities, and accrued expenses and other current liabilities
approximates their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount reported in the condensed consolidated
balance sheets for notes payable to related party may differ from fair value since the interest rate is fixed.

p. Accounting
pronouncements adopted during 2024

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers, which provides an exception to fair value measurement for contract assets and contract liabilities
related to revenue contracts acquired in a business combination. The ASU requires an entity (acquirer) to recognize and measure contract
assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. At the acquisition date, an acquirer
should account for the related revenue contracts in accordance with Topic 606 as if it had originated the contracts. The ASU is effective
for the Company for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. The ASU is applied to business combinations
occurring on or after the effective date. The Group adopted this ASU as of January 1, 2024 and there is no impact on the Groups
condensed consolidated financial statements.

q. Accounting
pronouncements issued, but not adopted as of September 30, 2024

In
October 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-06, Disclosure Improvements Codification Amendments in Response to the SECs
Disclosure Update and Simplification Initiative. The ASU modifies the disclosure or presentation requirements of a variety of Topics
in the Codification to align with the SECs regulations. The ASU also makes those requirements applicable to entities that were
not previously subject to the SECs requirements. The ASU is effective for the Company two years after the effective date to remove
the related disclosure from Regulation S-X or S-K. As of the date these financial statements have been made available for issuance, the
SEC has not yet removed any related disclosure. The Group does not expect the adoption of ASU 2023-06 to have a material effect on its
condensed consolidated financial statements.

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which
requires enhanced disclosure of significant segment expenses on an annual and interim basis. This ASU will be effective for the annual
periods beginning the year ended December 31, 2024, and for interim periods beginning January 1, 2025. Early adoption is permitted. Upon
adoption, this ASU should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Group does not expect
the adoption of ASU 2023-07 to have a material effect on its condensed consolidated financial statements.

13

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which improves the
transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the effective
tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. It also includes certain other amendments to improve the
effectiveness of income tax disclosures. This ASU will be effective for the annual periods beginning the year ended December 31, 2026.
Early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, this ASU can be applied prospectively or retrospectively. The Group is currently evaluating
the impact this ASU will have on the Groups consolidated financial statements.

(3) Critical
accounting estimates and assumptions

The
preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements requires the Group to make estimates and assumptions concerning the future.
Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom
equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

Income
taxes

The
Groups taxable income generated from these operations are subject to income taxes based on tax laws and interpretations of tax
authorities in numerous jurisdictions. There are many transactions and calculations during the ordinary course of business for which
the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.

Deferred
tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
will be available against which the temporary differences and the losses can be utilized. Significant management judgement is required
to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits,
together with future tax planning strategies

Business
combinations

Business
combinations are initially accounted for on a provisional basis. The fair value of assets acquired, liabilities and contingent liabilities
assumed are initially estimated by the Parent taking into consideration all available information at the reporting date. Fair value adjustments
on the finalization of the business combination accounting is retrospective, where applicable, to the period the combination occurred
and may have an impact on the assets and liabilities, depreciation and amortization reported.

Patent
technology

Patent
technology is recognized in Intangible assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Group considers both qualitative and
quantitative factors when determining whether the patent technology may be impaired. For the purposes of assessing impairment, the Group
follows its accounting policy disclosed in Note 2. In assessing whether there is any indication that the patent technology may be impaired,
the Group considers, at minimum, the following indications:

External
sources of information

there
are observable indications that the patent technologys value has declined during the
period significantly more than would be expected as a result of the passage of time or normal
use.

14

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

significant
changes with an adverse effect on the Group have taken place during the period, or will take
place in the near future, in the technological, market, economic or legal environment in
which the entity operates or in the market to which an asset is dedicated.

market
interest rates or other market rates of return on investments have increased during the period,
and those increases are likely to affect the discount rate used in calculating an assets
value in use and decrease the assets recoverable amount materially.

the
carrying amount of the net assets of the entity is more than its market capitalization.

Internal
sources of information

evidence
is available of obsolescence or physical damage of the patent technology.

significant
changes with an adverse effect on the entity have taken place during the period, or are expected
to take place in the near future, in the extent to which, or manner in which, the patent
technology is used or is expected to be used. These changes include the patent technology
becoming idle, plans to discontinue or restructure the operation to which the patent technology
belongs, and plans to dispose of the patent technology before the previously expected date.

evidence
is available from internal reporting that indicates that the economic performance of the
patent technology is, or will be, worse than expected.

(4) Financial
risk management

The
Group is exposed to various financial risks such as market risk (exchange risk, interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk due
to various activities. The Groups overall risk management policy focuses on volatility in the financial markets and focuses on
minimizing any negative impact on financial performance. Risk management is conducted under the supervision of the finance department
according to the policy approved by the Board of Directors. The finance department identifies, evaluates and manages financial risks
in close cooperation with the sales departments. The Board of Directors provides written policies on overall risk management principles
and specific areas such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative and non-derivative financial instruments,
and investments in excess of liquidity.

Market
risk management

Market
risk is the risk of possible losses which arise from the changes of market factors, such as interest rate, stock price, foreign exchange
rate, commodity value and other market factors related to the fair value or future cash flows of the financial instruments, such as securities,
derivatives and others.

a. Currency
risk

The
following table sets forth the result of foreign currency translation into Korean won for financial assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currency of the Group as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023:

(Korean won in unit) September
30, 2024 

USD EUR CHF 

Assets in foreign currency 112,300,876 404,243,443 552,538,747 

Liabilities in foreign currency 1,720,587,868 103,042,527 90,580,744 

(Korean won in unit) December
31, 2023 

USD EUR CHF 

Assets in foreign currency 29,220,473 301,368,136 744,194,360 

Liabilities in foreign currency 64,470,000 16,289,133 - 

15

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

The
following table sets forth the impact of strengthening (or weakening) of the Korean won by a hypothetical 10% against each foreign currency
on the Groups after-tax profit (or loss), assuming all other variables remain constant.

(Korean won in unit) September
30, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Rise Fall Rise Fall 

USD (160,828,699 ) 160,828,699 (3,524,953 ) 3,524,953 

EUR 30,120,092 (30,120,092 ) 28,507,900 (28,507,900 )

CHF 46,195,800 (46,195,800 ) 74,419,436 (74,419,436 )

b. Interest
rate risk

Interest
rate risk refers to the risk that interest income and interest expenses arising from deposits or borrowings will fluctuate due to changes
in market interest rates in the future, which mainly arises from deposits and borrowings with floating interest rates. The goal of interest
rate risk management is to maximize corporate value by minimizing uncertainty caused by interest rate fluctuations.

As
of the end of the reporting period, there are no financial instruments subject to a variable interest rate.

c. Price
risk

Price
risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument or future cash flows will change due to changes in market prices other
than interest rate or foreign exchange rate. As of the end of the reporting period, the Group is not exposed to commodity price risk.
Investments in financial instruments are made on a non-recurring basis according to managements judgment.

Credit
risk management

Credit
risk is the risk of possible losses in an asset portfolio in the events of counterpartys default, breach of contract and deterioration
in the credit quality of the counterparty. For the risk management reporting purposes, the Group manages the credit risk systematically
and pursues value maximization and continuous growth of the Group by efficient resource allocation and monitoring non-performing loans.
In order to reduce the risks that may occur in transactions with financial institutions, such as cash and cash equivalents and various
deposits, the Group conducts transactions only with financial institutions with high creditworthiness. As of September 30, 2024, the
Group believes that there are low signs of material default, and the maximum exposure to credit risk as of September 30, 2024 is equal
to the book value of financial instruments (excluding cash).

16

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

Liquidity
risk management

The
Group constantly monitors its liquidity positions to ensure that no borrowing limits or commitments are breached to meet operating capital
needs. In estimating liquidity, we also take into account external laws or legal requirements, such as the groups financing plan,
compliance with agreements, internal target financial ratios and currency restrictions.

The
Groups liquidity risk analysis details as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows:

(Korean won in unit) September
30, 2024 

Remaining
maturity 

Cashflow by Within 1 year to More than 

Book
Value contract a
year 3
years 3
years 

Borrowings 2,750,651,586 2,926,097,233 2,011,857,757 51,520,000 639,903,890 

Other Payables 1,836,415,249 1,836,415,249 1,836,415,249 - - 

Lease liabilities 126,920,137 157,000,000 76,500,000 79,500,000 1,000,000 

Total 4,713,986,972 4,919,512,482 3,924,773,006 131,020,000 640,903,890 

(Korean won in unit) December
31, 2023 

Remaining
maturity 

Cashflow by Within 1 year to More than 

Book
Value contract a
year 3
years 3
years 

Borrowings 960,000,000 1,000,657,534 523,000,000 477,657,534 - 

Other Payables 2,514,301,098 2,514,301,098 2,514,301,098 - - 

Lease liabilities 207,486,724 259,101,400 114,981,120 134,120,280 10,000,000 

Total 3,681,787,822 3,774,060,032 3,152,282,218 611,777,814 10,000,000 

Capital
risk management

Capital
includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective
of the Groups capital management is to maximize the shareholder value.

The
Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements of the financial
covenants. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to
shareholders or issue new shares. The Group uses the debt ratio as a capital management indicator. This ratio is calculated by dividing
total liabilities by total equity, and total liabilities and total equity are calculated based on the amounts in the Groups consolidated
financial statements.

17

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

The
groups debt ratio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows:

(In
Korean won)

September
30, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Net borrowings (A) 

Borrowings 2,750,651,586 960,000,000 

Lease liabilities 126,920,137 207,486,724 

Less:
cash and cash equivalents (551,357,663 ) (696,542,458 )

Total
equity (B) 2,326,214,060
212,406,378,917 470,944,266
224,535,637,710 

Debt ratio (A / B) 1.1 % 0.2 %

(5) Fair
value measurements

Book
value and fair value of financial instruments

The
difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the Groups financial assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 are insignificant.

Fair
value hierarchy

All
financial assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized within the
fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

Level
1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

Level
2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement is directly or indirectly observable

Level
3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement is unobservable

Fair
values of the Groups financial assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which are accounted as amortized
cost, are categorized as Level 3.

Recurring
transfer between levels of the fair value hierarchy

There
is no transfer of fair value hierarchy among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

18

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(6) Financial
instruments by category

The
carrying value of financial instruments category as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows:

(In Korean won) September
30, 2024 

Financial
assets

at amortized cost Financial assets

at fair value Financial
liabilities 

at amortized cost Total 

Fianancial assets: 

Cash and
cash equivalents 551,357,663 - - 551,357,663 

Trade and other receivables 1,324,239,630 - - 1,324,239,630 

Other non-current financial
assets 209,683,563 - - 209,683,563 

Fianancial liabilities: 

Trade and other payables 1,153,717,709 - - 1,153,717,709 

Accrued expenses 687,109,481 - - 687,109,481 

Borrowings 2,750,651,586 - - 2,750,651,586 

(In Korean won) December
31, 2023 

Financial
assets

at amortized cost Financial
assets 

at fair value Financial
liabilities 

at amortized cost Total 

Fianancial assets: 

Cash and
cash equivalents 696,542,458 - - 696,542,458 

Trade and other receivables 1,543,542,712 - - 1,543,542,712 

Other
current financial assets 68,777,020 - - 68,777,020 

Other non-current financial
assets 483,286,651 - - 483,286,651 

Fianancial liabilities: 

Trade and other payables - - 1,955,746,193 1,955,746,193 

Borrowings - - 960,000,000 960,000,000 

Net
gains or losses by financial instrument category for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

(Korean
won in unit)

For the

nine-month For the

nine-month 

ended September
30, ended September
30, 

2024 2023 

Amortized cost: 

Interest
income 17,278,786 32,621,893 

Foreign exchange gains 44,573,261 44,817,630 

Gains on foreign currency
translation 73,400,055 317,550,552 

Interest expense (39,738,845 ) (433,899,808 )

Losses on foreign currrency
transaction (57,417,099 ) (52,932,952 )

Losses on foreign currrency
translation (73,490,490 ) (289,074,906 )

(7) Cash
and cash equivalents

The
Group considers all money market funds and highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.

(In
Korean won)

September
30, 

2024 December
31, 

2023 

Cash and cash equivalents 551,357,663 696,542,458 

19

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(8) Trade
and other receivables, net

All
trade receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Amounts collected on trade receivables are included in
net cash provided by operating activities in the statements of cash flows. The Group does not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure
related to its customers.

(In Korean won) September
30,

2024 December
31,

2023 

Trade receivables 1,335,186,586 1,520,894,893 

Less: Allowance for credit losses (56,242,447 ) (45,492,513 )

Net trade receivables 1,278,944,139 1,475,402,380 

Other receivables 45,295,491 68,140,332 

Total 1,324,239,630 1,543,542,712 

(9) Inventories,
net

Inventories
consisted of the following as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023:

(in Korean Won) September
30,

2024 December
31,

2023 

Merchandised goods 1,445,030,091 1,812,931,553 

Less inventory reserves (24,698,934 ) (10,316,700 )

1,420,331,157 1,802,614,853 

(10) Other
financial assets

Details
of other financial assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows:

(in Korean won) September
30, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Current Non-current Current Non-current 

Leasehold
guarantee deposits 80,000,000 31,176,188 68,777,020 34,917,468 

Other deposits - 1,600,000 - 7,947,500 

Loan - 176,907,375 - 440,421,683 

Total 80,000,000 209,683,563 68,777,020 483,286,651 

(11) Other
assets

Details
of other assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows:

(in Korean won) September
30, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Current Non-current Current Non-current 

Prepayments 51,060,571 - 58,543,364 - 

Prepaid
expenses 55,031,929 - 32,957,342 - 

Total 106,092,500 - 91,500,706 - 

20

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(12) Equity
method investment

Details
of investment under the equity method are as follows:

(In Korean won) September
30, 2024 December
31, 2023 

Location Main
business Ownership Book
value Ownership Book
value 

Taction Co., LTD Korea Software development 33.3 % - 33.3 % - 

The
summarized financial information of investment under the equity method as of the closing date and for the current period is as follows:

(In Korean won) As
of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 

Assets Liabilities Revenue Net
loss Comprehensive
loss 

Taction Co., LTD 143,966,473 48,194,665 - 109,868,483 109,868,483 

There
is no equity method valuation applied on investments in associate for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023.

Taction
Co., Ltd. was incorporated to engage in software development and IT consulting. As no practical plan to generate revenue and maintain
going-concern basis in the foreseeable future was provided, the Parent recognized impairment loss amounting to acquisition cost.

(13) Equipment
and vehicles, net

Equipment
and vehicles consist as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023:

September
30, 

2024 December
31,

2023 

Office equipment 39,560,713 39,560,713 

Tools and instruments 33,350,272 33,350,272 

Machinery and equipment 32,709,091 32,709,091 

Facilities 307,623,733 374,868,705 

Vehicles 13,780,909 39,785,349 

427,024,718 520,274,130 

Less accumulated depreciation (422,155,189 ) (497,547,516 )

Equipment
and vehicles, net 4,869,529 22,726,614 

21

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(14) Goodwill

Changes
of goodwill for the for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

(In Korean won) For
the nine-months period ended September 30, 2024 

Beginning Business

combination Impairment
loss Ending 

Goodwill 35,800,477,223 - - 35,800,477,223 

(In Korean won) For
the nine-months period ended September 30, 2023 

Beginning Business

combination Impairment
loss Ending 

Goodwill 3,628,205,933 32,172,271,290 - 35,800,477,223 

(15) Intangible
assets, net

The
acquired intangible assets, all of which are being amortized, have an average useful life of approximately 20 years. Intangible assets
consist of the following as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

September
30, 2024

(In Korean won) Average

useful life Gross
carrying

amount Accumulated

amortization Net
carrying

amount 

Technology
license 20 years 140,342,664 112,139,121 28,203,543 

Customer relationship 20 years 851,287,339 297,950,569 553,336,770 

Patent
technology 20 years 242,277,049,512 23,550,801,454 218,726,248,058 

243,268,679,515 23,960,891,144 219,307,788,371 

December
31, 2023

(In
Korean won) Average

useful life Gross
carrying

amount Accumulated

amortization Net
carrying

amount 

Technology
license 20 years 140,342,664 109,946,192 30,396,472 

Customer relationship 20 years 851,287,339 170,257,468 681,029,871 

Patent
technology 20 years 242,277,049,512 12,139,483,501 230,137,566,011 

243,268,679,515 12,419,687,161 230,848,992,354 

Accumulated
amortization expense for intangible assets is 11,541,542,797 and 9,677,500,518 for the nine-months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively.

(16) Short-term
borrowings

The
Group has a loan agreement with Bellevue Capital Management Europe AG and as of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance was 1,134,856,000
(3.00% interest rate at September 30, 2024), which was fully paid in 2024.

The
Group has a loan agreement with an individual and as of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance was 565,980,000 (7% interest
rate at September 30, 2024), 33,000,000 of which was paid in 2024.

The
Group has a loan agreement with an individual and as of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance was 267,000,000 (0% interest
rate at September 30, 2024).

The
Group has a loan agreement with an individual and as of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance was 200,000,000 (0% interest
rate at December 31, 2023), which was fully paid in 2024.

The
Group has a loan agreement with an individual and as of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance was 300,000,000 (0% interest
rate at December 31, 2023), 33,000,000 of which was paid in 2024.

22

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(17) Long-term
debt

The
Group has a long-term debt agreement with individuals and as of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance was 782,815,586 (4.6%
interest rate at September 30, 2024), which matures in 2030.

The
Group has a long-term debt agreement with individuals and as of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance was 460,000,000 (4.6%
interest rate at December 31, 2023), which matures in 2030.

(18) Post-employment
benefits

The
Group maintains a defined contribution retirement benefit plan for its employees. The Group is obligated to pay fixed contributions to
an independent fund, and the amount of future retirement benefits to be paid to employees is determined by the contributions made to
the fund, etc., and the investment income generated from those contributions. Plan assets are managed independently from the Groups
assets in a fund managed by a trustee.

Danateins
pension plan has converted from the DB type to the DC type at the end of March 31, 2017, and is obligated to pay severance payment as
DB type which incurred before the March 31, 2017.

Meanwhile,
expenses recognized by the Group in relation to the defined contribution retirement benefit plan for the nine-months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 are 77,637 thousand and 78,196 thousand, respectively.

(19) Related
party transactions

As
of September 30, 2024, the Groups related parties are as follows:

Type Related parties

Ultimate parent entity Bellevue Capital Management LLC

Major shareholder of the Parent BCM Europe AG

Subsidiaries RCM, VAXIMM, Darnatein

Associates Taction Co., Ltd.

Other related parties Bellevue Global Life Sciences Investors LLC

There
are no sales and procurement transactions and treasury transactions with related parties for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023. The Group acquired Vaximm from BCM Europe AG in December 2022 (Transaction between entities under common control), which is
disclosed in detail in Note 27 Business combinations.

23

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

Details
of receivables and payables from related party transactions as at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows:

(In Korean Won) September
30, 2024 

Related
parties Short-term
borrowings 

Key management Individuals 832,980,000 

Bellevue Capital Management Europe AG Major shareholder of the Parent 1,134,856,000 

(In Korean Won) December
31, 2023 

Related
parties Short-term
borrowings 

Key management Individuals 500,000,000 

Compensations
paid or accrued to key management of the Parent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

(In Korean Won) For
the nine-month ended 

September
30, 

2024 September
30, 

2023 

Salaries 382,923,715 505,439,581 

The
Groups key management includes registered directors who have important authority and responsibility for planning, operation, and
control of the Groups business activities.

No
collateral or guarantee were provided for related parties and were received from related parties as of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023.

24

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(20) Administrative
expenses

Details
of administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

For the 

nine months ended

September 30, For the 

nine months ended

September 30, 

(Korean won in unit) 2024 2023 

Salary 938,129,741 810,763,810 

Retirement payment 126,434,969 112,760,068 

Employee benefits 57,273,784 56,614,907 

Travel expenses 41,965,723 41,289,290 

Entertainment expenses 34,026,602 47,077,578 

Communication cost 2,390,786 2,114,794 

Tax and due 23,081,050 20,345,890 

Depreciation cost 64,732,817 139,672,930 

Amortization of intangible
assets 11,483,657,772 9,616,124,920 

Rental cost 101,096,293 95,838,048 

Repair fee 190,909 4,470,000 

Insurance cost 35,066,400 16,513,477 

Vehicle maintenance fee 12,004,753 17,276,772 

Allowance for expected
credit losses 35,609,934 45,492,513 

Research and development
expenses 198,434,876 197,571,947 

Travel expenses 2,908,447 2,275,874 

Training cost 10,480 291,250 

Publishing fee 409,500 619,700 

Office supplies fee 317,144 - 

Consumable cost 24,649,718 25,789,406 

Commisions and professional
fee 1,312,100,475 1,043,031,361 

Building management fee 20,830,505 10,113,700 

Advertising expenses 1,290,000 8,625,543 

Personal
services - 30,900,000 

Total 14,516,612,678 12,345,573,778 

(21) Income
taxes

In
assessing the reliability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon these
considerations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a full valuation allowance for the net deferred tax assets
on one of its Asian subsidiaries and certain of its European subsidiaries. Also, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company had a partial valuation allowance offsetting certain deferred tax assets of another one of its Asian subsidiaries. Management
believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the remaining deductible differences, net of valuation
allowances, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

The
Company did not have any material uncertain tax positions, which should be recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements
as of September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits, which, if recognized, would affect the
effective tax rate for the nine months then ended.

25

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(22) Loss
per share

Basic
loss per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are calculated as follows:

(Korean won in unit and number of shares) For
the nine months ended

September 30 

2024 2023 

Net loss (A) (12,161,291,979 ) (10,334,975,439 )

Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (B) 1,887,870 1,598,407 

Basic loss per ordinary share (A/B) (6,442 ) (6,466 )

Weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are calculated as follows:

(Number of shares) For
the nine-months ended

September 30 

2024 2023 

Ordinary shares outstanding at
the beginning 1,887,870 1,160,672 

Weighted number of ordinary shares newly issued - 397,942 

Weighted number of ordinary shares newly
issued - 39,793 

Weighted average number
of ordinary shares outstanding 1,887,870 1,598,407 

The
groups diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share because there is no dilution effect.

(23) Business
combinations

The
Parent acquired Darnatein (a novel drug development company) (referred as the Acquiree herein) as it executes on its business
plan to further expand its business by discovering and investing in innovative healthcare companies with cutting-edge technology and
creating operating synergies between subsidiaries. As the Parent and the Acquiree former owners exchanged only equity interests in business
combination transactions and the acquisition-date fair value of the Parents equity interests could not reliably be measured, the
Parent determined the amount of goodwill by using the acquisition-date fair value of the Acquiree equity interests instead of the acquisition-date
fair value of the shares transferred.

Vaximm
(2022 acquisition) and Darnatein can be reasonably categorized as (bio)platform companies which differ from the companies
only with drug development pipelines. Bioplatforms can be defined as biotechnologies that, once created and harnessed, allow for the
intentional and repeatable generation of multiple medicines or agricultural and sustainability products. Both Vaximm and Darnatein are
biotech companies whose drug R&D pipelines are based on their own in-house platform technologies that are protected by either patents
or trade secrets. According to the hub-and-spoke business model of OSR Holdings, the Parent has assumed the position to
either own or control the technology platforms of Vaximm and Darnatein through the Business Combinations, which means that the Parent
will be able to launch new services to external clients or create additional drug candidates by a new start-up or Joint Venture with
business partners based on their direct ownership or control over the platform technologies acquired from the Business Combinations.
Such quality would support the goodwill recognition.

Details
of business combinations that occurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

(In
Korean won) For
the year ended December 31, 2023 

Acquiree Main
business Acquisition
date Ownership

(%) Total
consideration 

Darnatein New drug development, etc. March 31, 2023 100.0 % 105,004,724,500 

26

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes
to The condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

Business
combination in 2023 - Darnatein

Details
of identifiable assets and liabilities and goodwill, which are recognized as the result of the acquisition of Darnatein completed during
the year ended December 31, 2023 are set forth in the table below.

(in Korean won) Darnatein 

Fair value of total identifiable assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash and
cash equivalents 88,452,978 

Trade and other receivables 5,593,090 

Current tax assets 368,040 

Non-current assets: 

Equipment and vehicles 9,421,068 

Right-of-use assets 94,273,525 

Intangible assets 95,348,738,746 

Non-current financial
assets 1,420,000 

95,548,267,447 

Fair value of total identifiable liabilties: 

Current liabilities: 

Trade and other payables 90,567,854 

Lease liabilities 43,339,023 

Current other liabilities 8,377,504 

Non-current liabilities: 

Severance payment 2,435,281 

Lease liabilities 75,796,433 

Deferred tax liabilities 25,024,086,000 

25,244,602,095 

Fair value of identifiable net assets 70,303,665,352 

Goodwill 34,701,059,198 

Purchase consideraation transferred (*) 105,004,724,550 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Groups condensed consolidated statement of operations included 336,430,665
of operating loss, which included 143,328,468 of wages and salaries, from Darnatein. The following unaudited pro forma consolidated
results of operations assume that the acquisition of Darnatein was completed as of January 1, 2023.

(Korean won in unit) (Unaudited)
Nine months ended

September 30, 

2024 2023 

Total operating revenues - - 

Net loss attributable to OSR Holdings (336,430,665 ) (751,979,471 )

Pro
forma data may not be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events occurred at the beginning of the periods
presented, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

The
acquisition-date fair value of Darnatein was measured using the Discount Cash Flow (DCF) method and the Risk adjusted Net
Present Value (r-NPV) method by outside valuation professionals. Key estimations and assumptions used in measuring the
fair value of Darnatein are as follows:

19.88%
of discount rate (Weighted Average Cost of Capital: WACC) used in discounting operating cashflows

Patent
technology will generate operating revenue for 20 years

27

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The
condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(*1)
OSR ordinary shares issued for purchase consideration of 105,004,724,550 is 590,425 shares at 177,846 per share. The number
of OSR ordinary shares to be issued was determined based on negotiation with former owners of Darnatein.

Patent
technology - Darnatein

Details
of patent technology recognized from the acquisition of Darnatein that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2023 are set forth
in the table below.

(Korean
won in thousand)

Amount 

Patent technology project code: 

DRT 101 94,788,203 

DRT-101
is a synthetic bio-signaling molecule that replaces BMPRII-binding segments of BMP-7, one of the bone-forming proteins, with high affinity
ActRII binding segments of Activin A, a member of the transforming growth factor (TGF-) superfamily along with BMP-7. In
nature, endogenous BMP7 promotes chondrogenesis in damaged cartilage tissue by signaling primarily via the type II receptor BMPRII and
to a lesser extent via the activin type II receptor ActRII, which it binds with lower affinity. DRT-101 amplifies intracellular regeneration
signaling capacity compared to natural BMP-7 and allows for regeneration and restoration of mechanically depleted cartilage cells to
normal levels.

Osteoarthritis
is the most common joint disorder in the aging population. Although surgical treatment of osteoarthritis can reduce pain and improve
joint mobility and function, the operative management of osteoarthritis is associated with significant cost and morbidity. Unmet medical
needs for DRT-101 for Osteoarthritis are enormous specially with aging population. Unique market opportunity of DRT-101 relies on novel
Mechanism of Action of DRT-101 that can lead to potential first-in-class DMOAD (Disease-Modifying Osteoarthritis Drug) in the market.

Darnatein
is pursuing pre-clinical studies of DRT-101 targeting osteoarthritis and plans to file Investigational New Drug Application (IND) to
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration by 2025 for Phase 1 clinical trial, with aims of FDA approval by 2032. Darnatein will seek to create
cashflow via licensing deals from the preclinical and clinical developments of its pipeline assets.

Net
cashflow from the acquisitions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

(in Korean won) 

2024 

Net cash outflow arising from acquisition
of Darnatein: - 

Cash
consideration - 

Less:
cash and cash equivalent balances acquired - 

(in Korean won) 

2023 

Net cash outflow arising from acquisition of
VAXIMM and RMC: - 

Cash
consideration (88,452,978 )

Less:
cash and cash equivalent balances acquired (88,452,978 )

28

OSR
HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to The
condensed consolidated Financial Statements

September
30, 2024 and 2023

(24) Commitment
and contingencies

The
Group has no pending litigation cases arising in the ordinary course of business as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The
Parent has entered into various contractual commitments related to the acquisition of VAXIMM including a future financial obligation
of CHF 143,356 underlying as of December 31, 2023. Meanwhile, both parties have agreed to remove section 6.1.3 of the license agreement
that states that in the event of the Parents sale to a third party, the Licensor shall reimburse the Licensee for reasonable costs
and expenses incurred in the preparation, submission, maintenance, prosecution, and enforcement process.

(25) Segment
reporting

The
Group operates in one operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial
information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker (CODM) in deciding how to allocate resources and
assessing performance. The Groups CODM role is fulfilled by the Executive Leadership Team, who allocates resources and assesses
performance based upon consolidated financial information. The geographic segments for the long-lived assets and ROU assets are disclosed
below.

There
are no external customers that account for more than 10% of sales for the reporting period.

(26) Subsequent
events

The
Group has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through January 31, 2025, the date at which the condensed consolidated
financial statements were available to be issued and determined that there are no other items to disclose.

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex99-4_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET OF THE COMPANY AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.4

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Introduction

On May 23, 2024, BLAC and OSR Holdings entered into an Amended &
Restated Business Combination Agreement. The Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement was amended on December 20, 2024.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
(the Pro Forma Information) presents the combination of the financial information of Bellevue Life Sciences Acquisition
Corp. (BLAC) and OSR Holdings Co., Ltd. adjusted to give effect to the Business Combination consummated on February 14,
2025 (the Closing Date") and the other events described below.

The Business Combination
is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP and ASC which is the current single source of U.S. GAAP. Under
this method of accounting, BLAC is treated as the acquired company and OSR Holdings is considered the accounting acquirer
for accounting purposes as set forth by the guidance in ASC 805-10. This conclusion is supported by the voting interest model referenced
in ASC 805-10-55-12 as 84.5% of the voting interest in New OSR Holdings is held by the historical shareholder group of OSR Holdings. Further,
Bellevue Capital Management LLC (BCM) and its affiliates are the largest single owner of shares of OSR Holdings, and are
also the largest single owner of shares in the Combined Company. The stockholders of OSR Holdings have sufficient voting power to elect
or remove majority of the board of directors of the Combined Company. Accordingly, given the supermajority of voting shares to be held
by OSR Holdings stockholders in the Combined Company and the other factors described above, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination
is treated as the equivalent of a capital transaction in which BLAC is issuing securities for the net assets of OSR Holdings. Operations
prior to the Business Combination will be those of OSR Holdings. The assets and liabilities and the historical operations that are reflected
in the financial statements are those of OSR Holdings and are recorded at the historical cost basis of OSR Holdings. BLACs assets,
liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with the assets, liabilities and results of operations of OSR Holdings after
consummation of the acquisition.

The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined balance sheet data as of September 30, 2024 gives pro forma effect to the Transaction and the other events as if
consummated on September 30, 2024. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations data for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 give effect to the Transactions and the other events as if
consummated on January 1, 2023, the beginning of the earliest period presented.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information is derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the historical financial statements and accompanying notes
of OSR Holdings and BLAC for the applicable periods included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. The Pro Forma Information has
been presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what New OSR Holdings financial position or
results of operations actually would have been had the Transactions and the other events been completed as of the dates indicated. The
Pro Forma Information does not purport to project the financial position or operating results of New OSR Holdings that may be expected
for any other period in the future. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is presented for illustrative purposes
only and does not reflect the costs of any integration activities or cost savings or synergies that may be achieved as a result of the
Business Combination.

The transaction accounting adjustments reflecting
the consummation of the Business Combination and related proposed financing transactions are based on certain currently available information
and certain assumptions and methodologies that BLAC believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The transaction accounting adjustments,
which are described in the accompanying notes, may be revised as additional information becomes available. Therefore, it is likely that
the actual adjustments will differ from the transaction accounting adjustments, and it is possible that the difference may be material.
BLAC believes that its assumptions and methodologies provide a reasonable basis for presenting all of the significant effects of the Business
Combination and the related proposed financing transactions based on information available to management at this time.

Description of the Business Combination

At Closing BLAC issued to the Participating
Company Stockholders an aggregate of 16,282,047 shares of BLAC Common Stock, and the Participating Company Stockholders transferred their
respective shares of OSR Holdings Common Stock. In addition, 22% of the shares of OSR Holdings Common Stock entered into Non-Participating
Stockholder Joinders, giving BLAC direct ownership or rights to acquire up to 88% of the shares of OSR Holdings Common Stock on the Closing
Date. 11% of the OSR Holdings Common Stock did not sign any Joinder and such shares will remain outstanding and not be subject to any
contractual put or call rights, or other conversion rights, with or into BLAC Common Stock. At Closing, the Non-Participating Company
Stockholders continue to hold their shares of OSR Holdings Common Stock subject to the terms of the Non-Participating Stockholder Joinders
that contain put and call rights whereby the Non-Participating Company Stockholder shall have the right to cause BLAC to purchase and
BLAC shall have the right to cause the Non-Participating Company Stockholder to sell to BLAC or its designee all of the shares of OSR
Holdings Common Stock owned and held of record by such Non-Participating Company Stockholder in exchange for the number of shares of BLAC
Common Stock set forth in each applicable Non-Participating Shareholder Joinder. These rights become exercisable on or after the earlier
of (i) January 1, 2026, or (ii) the date that the Non-Participating Company Stockholder is notified by BLAC of a transaction that will
result in a change in control (as defined in the Non-Participating Stockholder Joinder) of BLAC (the Trigger Date). The
Put Right and Call Right terminate and expire 120 days after the Trigger Date. The exchange ratio is fixed under the put/ call rights
at the same exchange ratio set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, and there is no option for cash settlement.

The following table
summarizes the ownership levels in BLAC Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination based on the following:
(i) 16,282,047 shares of BLAC Common Stock were issued to the Participating Company Stockholders at consummation of the Business Combination,
and (ii) all BLAC Rights have been converted to shares of BLAC Common Stock. The table below does not take into account (i) the exercise
of any BLAC Warrants as the warrants do not become exercisable until 30 days after the consummation of the Business Combination, and (ii)
the issuance of any equity awards under the Omnibus Plan as there will be no awards issued under the Omnibus Plan immediately following
the consummation of the Business Combination.

Pro Forma Combined 

Number of Shares % Ownership 

OSR Holdings Stockholders(1) 16,282,047 84.46 %

BLAC Sponsor and Related Parties(2) 2,163,500 11.22 %

BLAC public stockholders(3) 796,931 4.13 %

Chardan Capital Markets, LLC 34,500 0.18 %

Total 19,276,978 100.00 %

(1) 16,282,047 shares of BLAC Common Stock pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement were issued by BLAC to the Participating Company Stockholders at the consummation of the Business Combination.

(2) Consists of (i) 2,035,000 shares of BLAC Common Stock held by
the Sponsor, (ii) 20,000 shares of BLAC Common Stock held by David J. Yoo, BLACs Chief Financial Officer, (iii) 20,000 shares
of BLAC Common Stock held by Jin Whan Park, a current director of BLAC, and (iv) 20,000 shares of BLAC Common Stock held by each of the
following former directors of BLAC: Steven Reed, Inchul Chung, Hosun Euh, and Radclyffe Roberts. It also includes the 43,000 shares of
BLAC common stock held by the Sponsor converted from 430,000 private placement rights. Excludes 34,500 shares held by Chardan Capital
Markets.

(3) The conversion of 6,900,000 public rights into 690,000 shares
of BLAC Common Stock.

2

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED

COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

OSR

Holdings Co., 

Ltd. USD

Conversion

Rate OSR

Holdings Co.,

Ltd. Bellevue

Life

Sciences

Acquisition

Corp. Combined Pro
Forma

Adjustments Notes Pro
Forma

Combined 

(Korean
Won) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) 

Assets 

Non-current
assets 

Equipment
and Vehicles, net 4,869,529 1,319.60 3,690 3,690 3,690 

Intangible
assets, net 219,307,788,371 1,319.60 166,192,625 166,192,625 166,192,625 

Right-of-use
assets, net 129,531,889 1,319.60 98,160 98,160 98,160 

Other
non-current assets 209,683,563 1,319.60 158,899 158,899 158,899 

Deferred
tax assets 108,925,647 1,319.60 82,544 82,544 82,544 

Investments
held in Trust Account - - 20,886,019 20,886,019 (20,886,019 ) (1) 

Goodwill 35,800,477,223 27,129,795 27,129,795 27,129,795 

255,561,276,222 193,665,713 20,886,019 214,551,732 (20,886,019 ) 193,665,713 

Current
assets 

Cash
and cash equivalents 551,357,663 1,319.60 417,822 12,236 430,058 20,886,019 (1) 1,260,171 

(27,372 ) (5) 

(530,415 ) (7) 

(286,367 ) (8) 

(87,000 ) (9) 

(88,000 ) (10) 

800,000 (11) 

(19,186,266 ) (3) 

(650,486 ) (4) 

Trade
receivables and other receivables, net 1,324,239,630 1,319.60 1,003,516 1,003,516 1,003,516 

Inventories,
net 1,420,331,157 1,319.60 1,076,335 1,076,335 1,076,335 

Other
current financial assets 80,000,000 1,319.60 60,624 60,624 60,624 

Other
current assets 106,092,500 1,319.60 80,397 27,372 107,769 (27,372 ) (5) 80,397 

Prepaid
income taxes 7,444,860 1,319.60 5,642 5,642 5,642 

3,489,465,810 2,644,336 39,608 2,683,944 802,741 3,486,685 

Total
assets 259,050,742,032 196,310,049 20,925,627 217,235,676 (20,083,278 ) 197,152,398 

Equity 

Equity
attributable to the equity holders of the Parent 

Common
Stock 9,435,350,000 Historical 7,476,571 216 7,476,787 (7,476,571 ) (2) 3,227 

3,189 (2) 

(172 ) (12) 

(6 ) (13) 

Additional
paid-in capital 229,027,323,455 Historical 177,631,612 177,631,612 7,476,571 (2) 178,067,327 

(3,189 ) (2) 

(5,754,171 ) (3) 

20,668,509 (4) 

(27,372 ) (5) 

(2,088,059 ) (6) 

(19,186,094 ) (12) 

(650,480 ) (13) 

Accumulated
other comprehensive income 200,973,462 Historical (4,386,706 ) (4,386,706 ) (4,386,706 )

3

OSR

Holdings Co., 

Ltd. USD

Conversion

Rate OSR

Holdings Co.,

Ltd. Bellevue

Life

Sciences

Acquisition

Corp. Combined Pro
Forma

Adjustments Notes Pro
Forma

Combined 

(Korean
Won) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) (US
Dollar in unit) 

Retained
earnings (accumulated deficit) (26,257,268,000 ) Historical (19,758,778 ) (5,754,171 ) (25,512,949 ) 5,754,171 (3) (72,876,469 )

(53,117,691 ) (14) 

212,406,378,917 160,962,699 (5,753,955 ) 155,208,744 (54,401,365 ) 100,807,379 

Non-controlling
interests 53,117,691 (14) 53,117,691 

Total
equity 212,406,378,917 160,962,699 (5,753,955 ) 155,208,744 (1,283,674 ) 153,925,070 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

Mezzanine
equity 

Common
stock subject to possible redemption 20,668,509 20,668,509 (20,668,509 ) (4) 

Total
mezzanine equity 20,668,509 20,668,509 (20,668,509 ) 

Liabilities 

Non-current
Liabilities 

Long-term
debt 782,815,586 1,319.60 593,222 593,222 593,222 

Lease
liabilities- non-current 55,866,397 1,319.60 42,336 42,336 42,336 

Other
non-current liabilities 2,435,281 1,319.60 1,845 1,845 1,845 

Deferred
tax liabilities 41,822,027,764 1,319.60 31,692,958 31,692,958 31,692,958 

Deferred
underwriting commissions 1,319.60 2,070,000 2,070,000 2,070,000 

42,663,145,028 32,330,361 2,070,000 34,400,361 34,400,361 

Current
liabilities 

Trade
and other payables 1,153,717,709 1,319.60 874,294 1,259,291 2,133,585 (27,372 ) (5) 2,106,213 

Accrued
expenses 687,109,481 1,319.60 520,695 520,695 2,088,059 (6) 2,608,754 

Due
to affiliate 1,319.60 87,000 87,000 (87,000 ) (9) 

Notes
payable-related party 1,319.60 1,778,000 1,778,000 (88,000 ) (10) 1,690,000 

Short-term
borrowings 1,967,836,000 1,319.60 1,491,237 1,491,237 800,000 (11) 2,291,237 

Lease
liabilities-current 71,053,740 1,319.60 53,845 53,845 53,845 

Other
current liabilities 101,501,157 1,319.60 76,918 76,918 76,918 

Current
tax liabilities 1,319.60 286,367 286,367 (286,367 ) (8) 

Excise
tax payable 1,319.60 530,415 530,415 (530,415 ) (7) 

3,981,218,087 3,016,989 3,941,073 6,958,062 1,868,905 8,826,967 

Total
liabilities 46,644,363,115 35,347,350 6,011,073 41,358,423 1,868,905 43,227,328 

Total
liabilities, mezzanine equity and equity 259,050,742,032 196,310,049 20,925,627 217,235,676 (20,083,278 ) 197,152,398 

4

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024

OSR

Holdings Co., Ltd. USD

Conversion

Rate OSR

Holdings

Co., Ltd. Bellevue Life

Sciences

Acquisition

Corp. Combined Pro
Forma

Adjustments Notes Pro
Forma

Combined 

(KRW) (US
Dollar) (US Dollar) (US
Dollar) (US Dollar) 

Revenue 3,537,771,180 1352.85 2,615,051 2,615,051 2,615,051 

Cost
of sales 2,656,774,379 1352.85 1,963,835 1,963,835 1,963,835 

Gross
profit 880,996,801 651,216 651,216 651,216 

Administrative
expenses (14,516,612,678 ) 1352.85 (10,730,393 ) (1,380,457 ) (12,110,850 ) (12,110,850 )

Operating
profit (13,635,615,877 ) (10,079,177 ) (1,380,457 ) (11,459,634 ) (11,459,634 )

Non-operating
income (loss): 

Interest
income 15,487,186 1352.85 11,448 11,448 11,448 

Interest
expense (33,454,569 ) 1352.85 (24,729 ) (24,729 ) (24,729 )

Interest
earned on investments held in the Trust Account 1352.85 1,215,533 1,215,533 1,215,533 

Non-operating
income 129,816,866 1352.85 95,958 95,958 95,958 

Non-operating
expense (143,495,738 ) 1352.85 (106,069 ) (106,069 ) (106,069 )

(31,646,255 ) (23,392 ) 1,215,533 1,192,141 1,192,141 

Operating
profit before taxes (13,667,262,132 ) (10,102,569 ) (164,924 ) (10,267,493 ) (10,267,493 )

Income
tax benefit (expense) 1,505,970,153 1352.85 1,113,183 (223,762 ) 889,421 889,421 

Net
income (loss) (12,161,291,979 ) (8,989,386 ) (388,686 ) (9,378,072 ) (9,378,072 )

Attributable
to: 

Equity
holders of the parent (12,161,291,979 ) (8,989,386 ) (388,686 ) (9,378,072 ) 2,966,497 (a) (6,411,575 )

Non-controlling
interests (2,966,497 ) (b) (2,966,497 )

Other
comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign
currency translation loss Historical (4,202,437 ) (4,202,437 ) (4,202,437 )

Gain
on foreign currency translation of foreign operations 32,033,186 1352.85 23,678 23,678 23,678 

Total
other comprehensive income (loss) 32,033,186 (4,178,759 ) (4,178,759 ) (4,178,759 )

Total
comprehensive income (loss) for year (12,129,258,793 ) (13,168,145 ) (388,686 ) (13,556,831 ) (13,556,831 )

Attributable
to: 

Equity
holders of the parent (12,129,258,793 ) (13,168,145 ) (388,686 ) (13,556,831 ) 4,345,488 (a) (9,211,343 )

Non-controlling
interests (4,345,488 ) (b) (4,345,488 )

Earning
(loss) per share attributable to the equity holders of the Parent: 

Basic
earning (loss) per ordinary share (6,445 ) (4.76 ) (0.08 ) (0.49 ) (0.33 )

5

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2023

OSR

Holdings Co.,

Ltd. USD

Conversion

Rate OSR

Holdings

Co., Ltd. Bellevue Life

Sciences

Acquisition

Corp. Combined Pro
Forma

Adjustments Notes Pro
Forma

Combined 

(KRW) (US
Dollar) (US Dollar) (US
Dollar) (US Dollar) 

Revenue 4,453,551,060 1305.41 3,411,611 3,411,611 3,411,611 

Cost
of sales 3,278,702,931 1305.41 2,511,627 2,511,627 2,511,627 

Gross
profit 1,174,848,129 899,984 899,984 899,984 

Administrative
expenses (15,955,518,638 ) 1305.41 (12,222,611 ) (1,830,700 ) (14,053,311 ) (14,053,311 )

Operating
profit (14,780,670,509 ) (11,322,627 ) (1,830,700 ) (13,153,327 ) (13,153,327 )

Non-operating
income (loss): 

Interest
income 22,585,540 1305.41 17,301 17,301 17,301 

Interest
expense (454,140,294 ) 1305.41 (347,891 ) (347,891 ) (347,891 )

Interest
earned on investments held in the Trust Account 1305.41 2,775,291 2,775,291 2,775,291 

Non-operating
income 160,571,422 1305.41 123,005 123,005 123,005 

Non-operating
expense (685,461,727 ) 1305.41 (525,093 ) (525,093 ) (525,093 )

(956,445,059 ) (732,678 ) 2,775,291 2,042,613 2,042,613 

Operating
profit before taxes (15,737,115,568 ) (12,055,305 ) 944,591 (11,110,714 ) (11,110,714 )

Income
tax benefit (expense) 2,123,483,524 1305.41 1,626,679 (540,811 ) 1,085,868 1,085,868 

Net
income (loss) (13,613,632,044 ) (10,428,626 ) 403,780 (10,024,846 ) (10,024,846 )

Attributable
to: 

Equity
holders of the parent (13,613,632,044 ) (10,428,626 ) 403,780 (10,024,846 ) 3,441,447 (aa) (6,583,399 )

Non-controlling
interests (3,441,447 ) (bb) (3,441,447 )

Other
comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign
currency translation loss Historical (205,539 ) (205,539 ) (205,539 )

Gain
on foreign currency translation of foreign operations 168,940,276 1305.41 129,415 129,415 129,415 

Total
other comprehensive income (loss) 168,940,276 (76,124 ) (76,124 ) (76,124 )

Total
comprehensive income (loss) for year (13,444,691,768 ) (10,504,750 ) 403,780 (10,100,970 ) (10,100,970 )

Attributable
to: 

Equity
holders of the parent (13,444,691,768 ) (10,504,750 ) 403,780 (10,100,970 ) 3,466,568 (aa) (6,634,403 )

Non-controlling
interests (3,466,568 ) (bb) (3,466,568 )

Earning
(loss) per share attributable to the equity holders of the Parent: 

Basic
earning (loss) per ordinary share (8,159 ) (6.25 ) 0.05 (0.34 )

6

Note 1 Basis of pro forma presentation

The accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information was prepared based on the conclusion that the Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization,
with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, BLAC is treated as
the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, OSR Holdings will be deemed to be the accounting acquirer
in the Transaction and, consequently, the Transaction is treated as a recapitalization of OSR Holdings. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities
and the historical operations that are reflected in the financial statements are those of OSR Holdings and are recorded at the historical
cost basis of OSR Holdings. BLACs assets, liabilities and results of operations are consolidated with the assets, liabilities and
results of operations of OSR Holdings after the consummation of the Business Combination.

The historical financial statements have
been adjusted in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information to reflect transaction accounting adjustments in connection
with the Business Combination and related proposed financing transactions. Given that the Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse
recapitalization, the direct and incremental transaction costs related to the Business Combination and related proposed financing transactions
are deferred and offset against the additional paid-in-capital.

The pro forma basic
and diluted loss per share amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations are using the historical
weighted average shares outstanding and the issuance of additional shares in connection with the Business Combination, assuming the transaction
occurred on January 1, 2023.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information is derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the historical financial statements and accompanying notes
of OSR Holdings and BLAC for the applicable periods included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

Note 2 Foreign currency translation

OSR Holdings uses Korean Won (KRW)
as its functional currency. The Companys consolidated financial statements have been translated into US Dollar (USD),
the reporting currency. Assets and liabilities accounts are translated using the exchange rate at each reporting period end date. Equity
accounts are translated at historical rates. Income and expense accounts are translated at the average rate of exchange during the reporting
period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income. Gains and losses resulting from the translations
of foreign currency transactions and balances are reflected in the results of operations.

The KRW is not freely convertible into foreign
currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the KRW
amounts could have been, or could be, converted into USD at the rates used in translation.

7

The following table presents the currency
exchange rates that were used in creating the consolidated financial statements in this report:

September 30, 

2024 

Period-end spot rate US$
1=KRW 1,319.60 

Average rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 US$
1=KRW 1,352.85 

December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, 

2023 2022 2021 2020 

Year-end spot rate US$1=KRW 1,289.40 US$1= KRW 1,267.30 US$1= KRW 1,185.50 US$1= KRW 1,088.00 

Average rate US$1=KRW 1,305.41 US$1= KRW 1,291.95 US$1= KRW 1,144.42 US$1= KRW 1,180.05 

December 31, 

2019 

Year-end spot rate US$1=KRW 1,157.80 

Average rate for the period from July 12, 2019 through December 31, 2019 US$1=KRW 1,185.67 

Note 3 Accounting Policies

Management currently performing a comprehensive
review of the two entities accounting policies. As a result of the review, management may identify differences between the accounting
policies of the companies which, when conformed, could have a material impact on the combined financial statements. Based on its initial
analysis, management has not identified any material differences in accounting policies under U.S. GAAP that would have an impact on the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Note 4 Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Balance Sheet

The transaction accounting adjustments included
in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 are as follows:

1) Reclassification of $20.9 million of Investments held in
Trust Account that becomes available for transaction consideration, transaction expenses, redemption of public shares and the operating
activities following the Business Combination to cash and cash equivalents.

2) Reclassification of OSR Shares to BLAC Common Stock.

3) Reflects the elimination of $5.8 million of BLACs
historical accumulated deficit and the reclassification to additional paid in capital.

4) Represents the reclassification of $20.7 million of 1.9
million BLAC Common Stock subject to possible redemption to permanent equity.

5) Reflects the payment of $27,372 transaction expense incurred
and capitalized by BLAC. This relates to legal fee accrued on the historical balance sheet of BLAC as of September 30, 2024 to be paid
upon consummation of the Business Combination. Given that BLAC capitalized the $27,372 under other assets, it will be reclassified to
additional paid-in-capital upon Closing.

6) Reflects the transaction expense
of approximately $2.1 million incurred by BLAC at Closing of the Business Combination. $2.1 million will be deferred and charged against
additional paid-in-capital because they are legal, third-party advisory, investment banking, and other miscellaneous fees, which are
direct and incremental to the Business Combination and related proposed financing transactions.

8

7) Reflects $530,415 payment of excise
tax payable to be paid upon consummation of the Business Combination.

8) Reflects the payment of $286,367
of tax payable in connection with the interest income earned on BLACs Trust Account.

9) Reflects the payment of $87,000 to the Sponsor for Due
to affiliate due upon the Closing.

10) Reflects the payment of $88,000 to the Note payable -
related party due upon the Closing.

11): Reflects the short-term convertible
promissory note with the principal amount of $800,000 issued on October 16, 2024.

12) Reflects $19.2 million withdrawal
of funds from the trust account to fund the redemption on November 21, 2024 of 1,721,469 shares of BLAC Common Stock at approximately
$11.15 per share.

13) Reflects $650,486 withdrawal of funds from the trust account
to fund the redemption on February 13, 2025 of 57,821 shares of BLAC Common Stock at approximately $11.25 per share.

Pro forma adjustments for noncontrolling interest:

14) Reflects 33% of the OSR Holdings Common Stockholders that
do not elect to exchange the shares they hold to BLAC Common Stock in the Business Combination representing the noncontrolling interest.
Net assets attributable to the noncontrolling interest are $53.1 million, 33% of net assets of OSR Holdings.

a) Reflects 33% of the OSR Holdings Common Stockholders that
do not elect to exchange the shares they hold to BLAC Common Stock in the Business Combination representing the noncontrolling interest.
Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest are $3.0 million, 33% of net loss of OSR Holdings.

b) Immediately following the
Closing, up to 33% of the OSR Holdings Common Stockholders that do not elect to exchange the shares they hold to BLAC Common Stock
in the Business Combination representing the noncontrolling interest. Comprehensive loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest
are $4.3 million, 33% of comprehensive loss of OSR Holdings.

aa) Reflects 33% of the OSR Holdings Common Stockholders that
do not elect to exchange the shares they hold to BLAC Common Stock in the Business Combination representing the noncontrolling interest.
Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest will be $3.4 million, 33% of net loss of OSR Holdings.

bb) Immediately following the Closing, up to 33% of the OSR
Holdings Common Stockholders that do not elect to exchange the shares they hold to BLAC Common Stock in the Business Combination representing
the noncontrolling interest. Comprehensive loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest is $3.5 million, 33% of comprehensive loss
of OSR Holdings.

Note 5 Loss per Share Information

The pro forma loss per share calculations
have been performed for the nine months ended September 30,2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 using the historical weighted
average shares outstanding and the issuance of additional shares in connection with the Business Combination, assuming the transaction
occurred on January 1, 2023. As the Business Combination is being reflected as if it had occurred at the beginning of the periods presented,
the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding for both basic and diluted loss per share assumes that the shares issuable relating
to the Business Combination have been outstanding for the entire periods presented. If the maximum number of shares are redeemed, this
calculation is retroactively adjusted to eliminate such shares for the entire periods.

9

The weighted average number of shares underlying
the pro forma basic loss per share calculation reflects 19.3 million shares of BLAC Common Stock outstanding for the nine months September
30, 2024. The weighted average number of shares underlying the pro forma basic loss per share calculation reflects 19.3 million shares
of BLAC Common Stock outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2023. Pro forma diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per
share as potential outstanding securities are concluded to be anti-dilutive. Up to 22% of the Aggregate Consideration or 5,338,712 shares
of BLAC Common Stock that will be issuable by BLAC to the Non-Participating Company Stockholders upon exercise of the put/call rights
set forth in the Non-Participating Stockholder Joinders are excluded from the shares of BLAC Common Stock outstanding as the put/call
rights are not exercisable until the earlier of January 1, 2026 and the date that the Non-Participating Company Stockholders are notified
by BLAC of a transaction that will result in a change in control subsequent to Close of Business Combination (the Trigger Date).
The Put Right and Call Right terminate and expire 120 days after the Trigger Date. The exchange ratio is fixed under the put/call rights
at the same exchange ratio set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, and there is no option for cash settlement.

For the nine
months ended

September 30,

2024 For the year

ended,

December 31,

2023 

Numerator: 

Pro forma net income (loss) attributable to shareholders basic and diluted (6,411,575 ) (6,583,399 )

Denominator: 

Pro forma weighted average shares of common stock outstanding basic and diluted 19,276,978 19,276,978 

Pro forma basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share (0.33 ) (0.34 )

Pro forma basic weighted average shares 

Existing OSR Holdings Holders 16,282,047 16,282,047 

BLAC Public Stockholders 796,931 796,931 

Sponsors and related parties 2,198,000 2,198,000 

Total pro forma basic weighted average shares 19,375,743 19,375,743 

The instruments below were excluded from
the computations of the pro forma diluted loss per share and weighted average shares common stock outstanding diluted above as
their effect would be anti-dilutive:

Outstanding an aggregate of 7,330,000 BLAC Warrants, comprised
of 430,000 private placement warrants held by the Sponsor, BLACs Chief Financial Officer and two of BLACs former directors,
and 6,900,000 public warrants. Each BLAC Warrant will be exercisable for one share of New OSR Holdings Common Stock at an initial exercise
price of $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment in accordance with the Warrant Agreement) but do not become exercisable until 30 days
after the Closing.

Up to 6,300,000 shares of New OSR Holdings Common Stock issuable
under the Omnibus Plan.

10

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE
DATA

OSR holdings 

Co., Ltd. Bellevue

Life

Sciences

Acquisition

Corp. Pro Forma 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Earnings (loss) per share, basic and diluted $ (4.76 ) $ (0.08 ) $ (0.33 )

Book value per share at September 30, 2024 $ 84.94 $ (2.67 ) $ 7.98 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 Earnings (loss) per share, basic and diluted $ (6.25 ) $ 0.05 $ (0.34 )

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.5
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea023161101ex99-5_osrhold.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATION CHARTER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.5

CHARTER OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE OF

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF OSR HOLDINGS,
INC.

I. STATUS

The Corporate
Governance and Nomination Committee (the Nominating Committee) is a committee of the Board of Directors (the Board)
of OSR Holdings, Inc. (the Company).

II. PURPOSE

The purpose of
the Nominating Committee is to, among other things, discharge the responsibilities of the Board relating to the appropriate size, functioning,
and needs of the Board including, but not limited to, recruitment and retention of high-quality directors and committee composition and
structure.

III. COMPOSITION OF THE COMMITTEE

The Nominating
Committee shall consist of two or more directors as determined from time to time by the Board. Each member shall be independent
in accordance with the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market, as amended from time to time.

The chairperson
of the Committee shall be designated by the Board, provided that if the Board does not so designate a chairperson, the members of the
Committee, by majority vote, may designate a chairperson. Each Committee member shall have one vote. Any vacancy on the Committee shall
be filled by majority vote of the Board. No member of the Committee shall be removed except by majority vote of the Board.

IV. MEETINGS AND PROCEDURES OF THE COMMITTEE

The Nominating
Committee shall meet as often as it determines necessary to carry out its duties and responsibilities. The Nominating Committee, in its
discretion, may ask members of management or others to attend its meetings (or portions thereof) and to provide pertinent information
as necessary. A majority of the members of the Nominating Committee present in person or by means of a conference telephone or other communications
equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other shall constitute a quorum.

The Nominating
Committee shall maintain minutes of its meetings and records relating to those meetings and shall report regularly to the Board on its
activities, as appropriate.

V. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

The Nominating Committee will be responsible
for, among other things:

determining the qualifications, qualities, skills and other expertise required to be a director of the
Company, and developing and recommending to the Board for approval criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for director;

identifying, reviewing and making recommendations of candidates to serve on the Board, including incumbent
directors for reelection;

evaluating the performance of the Board, committees of the Board and individual directors and determining
whether continued service on the Board is appropriate;

periodically reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding the Companys process for
stockholder communications with the Board, and making such recommendations to the Board with respect thereto;

evaluating nominations by stockholders of candidates for election to the Board;

evaluating the structure and organization of the Board and its committees and making recommendations to
the Board for approvals;

periodically reviewing the Companys corporate governance guidelines and code of business conduct
and ethics and recommending to the Board any changes to such policies and principles; and

reviewing periodically the Nominating Committees charter and recommending any proposed changes
to the Board, including undertaking an annual review of its own performance.

VI. INVESTIGATIONS AND STUDIES; OUTSIDE ADVISERS

The Nominating Committee
may conduct or authorize investigations into or studies of matters within the Nominating Committees scope of responsibilities,
and may retain, at the Companys expense, such independent counsel or other consultants or advisers as it deems necessary.

The Nominating Committee
shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to retain and obtain the advice and assistance of independent outside legal counsel
and such other advisors as it deems necessary to fulfill its duties and responsibilities under this charter. The Nominating Committee
shall set the compensation and oversee the work of any outside legal counsel and other advisors.

The Nominating Committee
shall receive appropriate funding from the Company, as determined by the Nominating Committee in its capacity as a committee of the Board,
for the payment of compensation to any outside legal counsel and any other advisors to the Nominating Committee.

Nothing contained in this
charter is intended to create, or should be construed as creating, any responsibility or liability of the members of the Nominating Committee,
except to the extent otherwise provided under applicable federal or state law.

VII. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY

The Nominating
Committee may form subcommittees for any purpose that the Nominating Committee deems appropriate and may delegate to such subcommittees
such power and authority as the Nominating Committee deems appropriate; provided, however, that no subcommittee shall consist of fewer
than two members; and provided further that the Nominating Committee shall not delegate to a subcommittee any power or authority required
by any law, regulation or listing standard to be exercised by the Nominating Committee as a whole.

VIII. EVALUATION OF THE NOMINATING COMMITTEE

The Nominating
Committee shall, no less frequently than annually, evaluate its performance. In conducting this review, the Nominating Committee shall
evaluate whether this charter appropriately addresses the matters that are or should be within its scope and shall recommend such changes
as it deems necessary or appropriate. The Nominating Committee shall address all matters that the Nominating Committee considers relevant
to its performance, including at least the following: the adequacy, appropriateness and quality of the information and recommendations
presented by the Nominating Committee to the Board, the manner in which they were discussed or debated, and whether the number and length
of meetings of the Nominating Committee were adequate for the Nominating Committee to complete its work in a thorough and thoughtful manner.

The Nominating
Committee shall deliver to the Board a report, which may be oral, setting forth the results of its evaluation, including any recommended
amendments to this charter and any recommended changes to the Companys or the Boards policies or procedures.

IX. AMENDMENTS

Any amendment
or other modification of this charter shall be made and approved by the full Board.

X. DISCLOSURE OF CHARTER

If required by
the rules of the SEC or Nasdaq, this charter, as amended from time to time, shall be made available to the public on the Companys
website.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex23-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex23-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex99-2_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex99-3_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>osrh-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>osrh-20250214_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>osrh-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>osrh-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-41390

Entity Registrant Name OSR Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001840425

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-5052822

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 10900 NE 4th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2300

Entity Address, City or Town Bellevue

Entity Address, State or Province WA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98004

City Area Code 425

Local Phone Number 635-7700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol OSRH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol OSRHW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=OSRH_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=OSRH_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://holdings.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0231611-8k_osrhold.htm 
osrh-20250214.xsd 
osrh-20250214_def.xml 
osrh-20250214_lab.xml 
osrh-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-016100-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ea0231611-8k_osrhold_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001840425 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0001840425 

OSRH:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

0001840425 

OSRH:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001840425 
8-K 
2025-02-14 
OSR Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-41390 
84-5052822 
10900 NE 4th Street 
Suite 2300 
Bellevue 
WA 
98004 
425 
635-7700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
OSRH 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
OSRHW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>