<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008984.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008984.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304083022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008984
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Verb Technology Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001566610
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				461669753
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38834
		FILM NUMBER:		25701667

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3024 SIERRA JUNIPER COURT
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89138
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-250-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3024 SIERRA JUNIPER COURT
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89138

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	nFusz, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BBOOTH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global System Designs, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130109
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000156661000015666102025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Nevada 001-38834 90-1118043

(State
or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (IRS
Employer

of
Incorporation) File
Number) Identification
No.)

3024
Sierra Juniper Court

Las
Vegas, Nevada89138

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (855)250-2300

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 VERB The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
February 28, 2025, Verb Technology Company, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Binding Term Sheet (the Binding Term
Sheet) with Lyvecom, Inc. (Lyvecom) and the shareholders of Lyvecom (the Lyvecom Shareholders) to
acquire all the outstanding capital stock of Lyvecom. Lyvecom is AI-driven video commerce platform, a comprehensive description of which
is set forth in the Companys press release dated March 4, 2025, annexed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The
purchase price for the shares of capital stock of Lyvecom is $3,000,000 in cash, the repayment of $1,125,000 to certain investors in
Lyvecoms Simple Agreement for Future Equity (S.A.F.E.) instruments, the payment of $100,000 to a third party to satisfy his existing
loan to Lyvecom, and the issuance shares of the Companys common stock (the Shares) having a value of $1,000,000
on the closing date; provided the number of Shares to be issued may not exceed 19.9% of the Companys outstanding shares of common
stock on such date (the Cap). The Binding Term Sheet provides that in the event, as a result of the Cap, the Shares to
be issued to the Lyvecom Shareholders on the closing date shall have a value of less than $1,000,000, the shortfall will be paid by the
Company to the Lyvecom Shareholders in cash. The Binding Term Sheet also provides for an earn-out payment to the Lyvecom Shareholders
of up to an additional $3,000,000 in cash over a 24-month earn-out period based on various performance metrics.

The
Binding Term Sheet provides that the parties will use their best efforts to enter into one or more definitive agreements that incorporate
all of the terms of the Binding Term Sheet and that pursuant to the definitive agreements the parties will consummate the transaction
upon completion of Lyvecoms audit for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the satisfaction of the other
conditions to closing to be set forth herein.

If
the transaction is not consummated by June 30, 2025, then either Company or Lyvecom have the right to terminate the Binding Term Sheet
by written notice to the other; provided, that if the reason the transaction has not been consummated is because Lyvecom shall have failed
to deliver its audited financial statements to the Company on or before May 30, 2025, then Lyvecom will reimburse the audit fees incurred
by the Company in respect of such audit, which reimbursement may be made by providing a 100% credit to the Company in the amount of the
audit fees against the monthly fees otherwise payable by the Company to Lyvecom pursuant to an existing services agreement for interactive
video content between the parties. The existing services agreement is terminated upon the closing of the transaction.

In
connection with the transaction, the Binding Term Sheet provides that the Company will enter into a two-year employment agreement with
Maxwell Drut serve as MARKET.lives Chief Technology Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Drut will receive an annual
base salary of $250,000 and with a bonus target of 25% of his base salary upon achievement of objectives as may be determined by the
Companys board of directors.

The
foregoing description of the Binding Term Sheet and the transaction contemplated by the Binding Term Sheet does not purport to be complete
and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Binding Term Sheet, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

On
March 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the Lyvecom transaction. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

-2- 

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Number Description

10.1 Binding Term Sheet by and among Verb Technology Company, Inc., Lyvecom, Inc. and the shareholders of Lyvecom, Inc.

99.1 Press Release issued by Verb Technology Company, Inc. dated March 4, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

-3- 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:
March 4, 2025 VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC.

By: /s/
Rory J. Cutaia

Name: Rory
J. Cutaia

Title: President
and Chief Executive Officer

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Binding
Term Sheet

by
and among

LYVECOM,
INC.,

a
Delaware corporation,

MAXWELL
DRUT,

KRG
ENTERTAINMENT LLC,

MATTHEW
HOBBS,

LUKAS
NORITZCH,

TROY
LESTER

and

VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY INC.

Dated
as of February 28, 2025

1

Key
Commercial Terms of Agreement

This
binding Term Sheet is dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Effective Date) by and among (i) Verb Technology
Company, Inc., a Nevada corporation (Purchaser); (ii) Lyvecom, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company);
and (iii) Maxwell Drut (Drut), KRG Entertainment LLC (KRG), Matthew Hobbs (Hobbs),
Lukas Noritzsch (Noritzsch) and Troy Lester (Lester) (each of Drut, KRG, Hobbs, Noritzsch and
Lester a Seller Party and collectively, the Seller Parties). Each of Purchaser, the Company
and the Seller Parties may be referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.
This Binding Term Sheet sets forth the binding terms among the Parties for completing the acquisition by Purchaser of all of the outstanding
capital stock of the Company from the Seller Parties (the Transaction). The Parties hereby agree to use best efforts
enter into one or more definitive agreements that incorporates all of the terms of this binding Term Sheet. This binding Term Sheet constitutes
the entire agreement of the Parties in respect of all terms relating to its subject matter, superseding all prior communication and no
collateral documents or communications, digital or written, that are not expressly incorporated herein shall be considered binding on
the Parties, other than the existing confidentiality agreement. No amendment of this binding Term Sheet shall be valid or effective unless
it is in writing, refers to this binding Term Sheet and is duly signed by each Party. This binding Term Sheet shall be governed in all
respects by the laws of the State of Nevada.

The
Parties agree to execute one or more definitive agreements embodying the terms set forth herein, provided that such definitive agreements
contain all of the terms set forth in this binding Term Sheet and do not include any additional material terms to which all Parties have
not agreed. A new or additional term will be deemed material if it would impact a reasonable persons decision to
proceed with the Transaction. Pursuant to the definitive agreements, the Parties shall consummate the Transaction upon receipt of the
PCAOB Audited Financials (as defined in Exhibit A-1) and the satisfaction of the other conditions to closing
set forth herein.

2

Commercial
Term Summary

Representations
and Warranties of the Company, the Purchaser and the Sellers 

Attached
as Exhibit A.1

Definitions
attached as Exhibit A-1.

Survival
Periods of Representations 

Fundamental Representations plus Benefit Plans sixty days following the running of the applicable statute of limitations

Non-Fundamental Representations 24 months from Closing

Purchase
Price Consideration at closing:

Cash
Consideration: $3MM, plus the cash value of any Verb Common Stock not issued due to the cap set forth below

Investor
Capital Repayment: $1.125 MM SAFE repayment for their invested capital

Principal
Loan: Repay $100K to Kevin Gould to satisfy his existing loan to Lyvecom

Equity
Consideration: $1MM of Verb Common Stock, 6 month lock up; subject to customary leak out provisions; capped at 19.9% of Purchasers
common stock

Indemnification Fundamental
Representations Full indemnification up to the Purchase Price; no Cap or Basket

Non-Fundamental
Representations:

Basket
0.5% of Purchase Price (NOT a tipping Basket indemnity in excess of the Basket)

Cap
10% of Purchase Price

No
Cap or Basket in the event of Fraud or with respect to pre-Closing unpaid Taxes

Right
of Offset for Purchaser for any breaches and third party claims.

PCAOB
Audited Financials Purchaser
shall pay the invoices provided by the auditors (the Audit Fee) to deliver the PCAOB Audited Financials. If the Transaction
is not consummated on or prior to the Drop-Dead Date set forth below because the Company is unable to deliver the PCAOB Audited Financials,
the Purchaser shall receive a gratis extension of its existing services agreement with the Company equal to the amount of the Audit
Fee.2

1
NTD: Reps, warranties and definitions remain subject to ongoing review.

2NTD:
Lyvecoms agreement to the audit fee is subject to receiving an acceptable estimate from Purchasers audit firm.

3

Exclusivity From
the Effective Date until June 30, 2025, neither the Company, its Affiliates nor the Seller Parties shall, directly or indirectly,
make, solicit, initiate, negotiate or encourage the submission of proposals or offers to or from any third party relating to the
acquisition of the securities or all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in any manner, including through a license
agreement, joint venture or any other structure.

Drop
Dead Date If
the Transaction is not consummated by June 30, 2025, then either Purchaser or the Company shall have the right to terminate
this Term Sheet by written notice to the other; provided however, that if the reason the Transaction has not been consummated by
June 30, 2025 is the Company has failed to deliver the PCAOB Audited Financials to Purchaser on or before May 30, 2025, then
the Company shall reimburse the Audit Fees incurred by the Purchaser and such reimbursement may be made by the Company by providing
a credit to Purchaser in the amount of the audit fees to be applied against the monthly fees otherwise payable by Purchaser pursuant
to the existing Services Agreement between the Parties.

Earn
Out 

Up
to an additional $3MM in cash over a 24-month Earn-Out Period, which shall commence on the
first day of the first full calendar quarter next succeeding the closing date

Two
tranches:

Up
to $1.5 MM for the first 12 months of the Earn-Out Period

Up
to $1.5 MM for the second 12 months of the Earn-Out Period

Key
Performance Indicators attached at Exhibit B. The scenario 1 Key Performance Indicators
shall apply unless all of the amounts, dated, etc. comprising scenario 2 are satisfied,
in which case the scenario 2 Key Performance Indicators shall apply. Earnouts payable
within 90 days after the end of the applicable period for which performance is calculated.

4

Conditions
to Closing Conditions
to be satisfied by Company/Selling Stockholder or waived by Purchaser:

Receipt
of the PCAOB Audited Financials that are substantially the same as the unaudited financial statements and do not deviate in any material
respect.

Receipt
of all material consents/assignments listed on Schedule A

Bring
Down of Representations3

Pay
Off Letters related to paid off debt including SAFE termination documents

Signed
resignations of all officers and directors of the Company

IRS
W-9 signed by the Company and each Selling Party

Certificate
of good standing of the Company

Lien
search results indicating no liens against the Company

Typical
closing certificates

Conditions
to be satisfied by Purchaser:

Pay
Cash Consideration

Commence
process to issue the Equity Consideration

Approval
of Nasdaq Listing Requirements

Bring
Down of Representations

Typical
closing certificates

Terms
of Employment Agreement 

Base
Salary $250,000

Target
Bonus- 25% of base salary, based on achievement of performance metrics to be set forth in
Employment Agreement

Title:
Chief Technology Officer

Term:
Two Years

For
purposes of this section, Company means the Company post-Closing, as part of
the Purchaser entity.

3NTD:
Unclear if the definitive agreement will be a staggered sign and close or a simultaneous sign and close. If staggered, there will need
to be interim operating covenants and such covenants cannot be breached prior to closing if implemented. [Agreed. Lyvecom is not aware
of a reason for a staggered sign a close. Is Verb?]

5

Some
Select definitions:

Discharge
Discharge For Cause shall mean termination of Executives employment
hereunder for any one or more of the following: (i) gross negligence or willful misfeasance
demonstrated by Executive in the performance of his duties; (ii) refusal by Executive to
perform ethical and lawful duties assigned by the CEO or Board of Directors that are consistent
with the Executives title and role within the Company as set forth herein, that continues
uncured for ten (10) days following receipt of written notice from the CEO; (iii) Executive
engages in an act of Fraud or embezzlement that could adversely affect the Company or any
of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, the reputation of the Company or any of
its Affiliates); (iv) Executive breaching in any material respect any provision contained
in Section 3.2 of the Agreement (reproduced below), which such breach is not cured within
ten (10) days after receipt of written notice from the CEO; (v) Executive breaching in any
material respect any provision contained in Sections 4.7 or 4.8 (each reproduced below under
restrictive covenants) of the Agreement; (vi) Executives conviction after trial of
a felony involving moral turpitude or entering into a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or
its equivalent) to such a felony; or (vii) Executives commencement of employment with
another company while he is an employee of the Company without the prior written consent
of the Board of Directions.

2.12
Discharge Without Cause. Discharge Without Cause shall mean the Companys
termination of Executives employment hereunder during the Term (as defined in Section
4.1) for any reason other than a Discharge For Cause or due to Executives death or
Permanent Disability.

2.13
Permanent Disability. Permanent Disability shall mean Executives inability
to perform Executives duties hereunder due to a physical or mental condition, taking
into account any reasonable accommodation required by law, for (i) a period of one hundred
twenty (120) consecutive days or (ii) an aggregate of one hundred-eighty (180) days in any
twelve (12) month-period.

2.14
Termination For Good Reason. Termination For Good Reason shall mean voluntary
termination of the Agreement by Executive if any of the following occurs without the prior
written consent of Executive, and in each case that continues uncured for 30 days following
receipt by the Company of written notice thereof from Executive: (i) there is a reduction
by the Company in (A) Executives annual starting base salary or (B) the annual target
bonus (Bonus Target Amount) (provided, however, Executive acknowledges
and agrees that the failure of Executive to earn all or any portion of such Bonus Target
Amount shall not be deemed a reduction of such Bonus Target Amount or provide the basis for
a Termination For Good Reason); (ii) the Company reduces Executives job title and
position such that Executive is no longer Chief Technology Officer of market.live or (iii)
other than reasonable travel requirements for business needs, the Company requires Executive
to perform services other than remotely from Executives home or the Miami, Florida
metropolitan area.

6

2.15
Territory. Territory means each and every state, county, city, or other political
subdivision or geographic location in the United States.

3.2
Exclusive Services. During the Term, Executive agrees to devote Executives best efforts
and full business time to rendering services to the Company; provided, however, that Executive
shall be permitted to serve on the board of directors of various for-profit and non-profit
organizations, from time to time, provided (i) such organizations do not compete with the
Business in the Territory and (ii) the time expended by Executive in rendering service to
such organizations does not, in the aggregate, materially impair Executives performance
of his duties under the Agreement. It is expressly understood that Executives participation
in an advisory role for those entities listed on Exhibit A4 to the Employment
Agreement, shall not be a violation of this Section 3.2.

Employment
Agreement Restrictive Covenants: Confidentiality; Non-Compete; Non-Solicit For
purposes of this section, Company means the Company post-Closing, as combined with and part of the Purchaser.

4.7
Confidential and Proprietary Information. Executive agrees that he will not, either directly or indirectly, and Executive will not
permit any Covered Entity that is Controlled by Executive to, either directly or indirectly, divulge to any person or Entity or use
any of the Confidential and Proprietary Information, except (i) as required in connection with the performance of such Executives
duties to the Company, (ii) as required to be included in any report, statement, or testimony requested by any municipal, state,
or national regulatory body having jurisdiction over Executive or any Covered Entity that is Controlled by Executive, (iii) as required
in response to any summons or subpoena or in connection with any litigation, (iv) to the extent necessary in order to comply with
any law, order, regulation, ruling, or governmental request applicable to Executive or any Covered Entity that is Controlled by Executive,
(v) as required in connection with an audit by any taxing authority, or (vi) as is made with the express written consent of the Board
of Directors. In the event that Executive or any such Covered Entity that is Controlled by Executive is required to disclose Confidential
and Proprietary Information pursuant to the foregoing exceptions, Executive shall promptly notify the Company of such pending disclosure
and assist the Company (at the Companys expense) in seeking a protective order or in objecting to such request, summons, or
subpoena with regard to the Confidential and Proprietary Information. If the Company does not obtain such relief after a period that
is reasonable under the circumstances, Executive (or such Covered Entity) may disclose that portion of the Confidential and Proprietary
Information that such party is advised by counsel that it is legally compelled to disclose or else stand liable for contempt or suffer
censure or penalty. In such cases, to the extent not prohibited by such process, Executive shall promptly provide the Company with
a copy of the Confidential and Proprietary Information so disclosed. Executive further agrees to execute the Companys standard
proprietary information and inventions assignment agreement or similar agreement.

4
NTD: Please provide the entities that Drut proposes for Exhibit A to his Employment Agreement.

7

4.8
Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation.

(a)
During the Term and for a period of twelve months thereafter, Executive shall not, either
directly or indirectly, individually or by or through any Covered Entity, participate in,
assist, aid, or advise in any way, any business or enterprise that competes with the Business
in the Territory (including, without limitation, providing services to any customer or other
person or Entity in the Territory that competes with the Business). During the Term and for
a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Executive shall not, either directly or indirectly,
individually or by or through any Covered Entity, invest in (whether through debt or equity
securities), contribute any capital to, make any advances or loans to, take an ownership
interest or profit-sharing percentage in, seek to purchase or acquire, or receive income,
compensation, or consulting fees from, any Entity or person directly or indirectly involved
in or competitive with the Business in the Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
contained in Section 4.8(a) of the Employment Agreement shall prohibit Executive or any Affiliate
of Executive from owning (i) less than five percent (5%) of any class or series of voting
securities publicly held and quoted on a recognized securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation
system, of any issuer or (ii) an immaterial amount of a Covered Entity as a result of a purchase
decision made by a third party after the Effective Date without the knowledge of Executive
and no such issuer shall be considered a Covered Entity solely by virtue of such ownership
or the incidents thereof.

(b)
During the Term and thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months, Executive will not, either directly or indirectly and will not
permit any Covered Entity that is Controlled by Executive to, either directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, or take any other action
that is intended to solicit, the business of any customers or Referral Sources with which the Company or any of its Affiliates conducts
business or receives referrals or has conducted business or received referrals within the twelve (12) months preceding such solicitation
or other action in a manner which would or would reasonably be expected to reduce the amount of business such customers do, or such
Referral Sources refer, with the Company or its Affiliates,5 or (ii) hire, solicit, take away, or attempt to hire, solicit
or take away (either on such Executives behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity) any person (i) who is then an employee
of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company or (ii) who has terminated his or her employment with the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company within the three (3) months preceding such hiring, solicitation or taking away.

Referral
Sources means any person or entity that Executive actually knows refers customers or business to the Company or the Business,
directly or indirectly.

Business
means the livestream or video-based online sales platform developed and marketed by the Company and/or Purchasers Market.live
division.

5
NTD: As drafted in the prior draft, Max would be prevented from soliciting business from customers or referral sources in any capacity,
even if non-competitive or having no impact on Verbs business. Because those customers could be any brand, that is too restrictive
on Max. He can agree not to solicit if it would have an impact on Verbs business.

8

Stockholder
Confidentiality; Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation provisions 

Confidentiality

Each
Seller Party agrees that such Seller Party will not, either directly or indirectly, and such
Seller Party will not permit any Covered Entity that is Controlled by such Seller Party to,
either directly or indirectly, divulge to any person or Entity or use any of the Confidential
and Proprietary Information, except (i) as required to be included in any report, statement,
or testimony requested by any municipal, state, or national regulatory body having jurisdiction
over such Seller Party or any Covered Entity that is Controlled by such Seller Party, (iii)
as required in response to any summons or subpoena or in connection with any litigation,
(iv) to the extent necessary in order to comply with any law, order, regulation, ruling,
or governmental request applicable to such Seller Party or any Covered Entity that is Controlled
by such Seller Party, or (v) as required in connection with an audit by any taxing authority.
In the event that a Seller Party or any such Covered Entity that is Controlled by such Seller
Party is required to disclose Confidential and Proprietary Information pursuant to the foregoing
exceptions, such Seller Party shall promptly notify the Purchaser of such pending disclosure
and assist the Purchaser (at the Purchasers expense) in seeking a protective order
or in objecting to such request, summons, or subpoena with regard to the Confidential and
Proprietary Information. If the Purchaser does not obtain such relief after a period that
is reasonable under the circumstances, such Seller Party (or such Covered Entity) may disclose
that portion of the Confidential and Proprietary Information that such party is advised by
counsel that it is legally compelled to disclose or else stand liable for contempt or suffer
censure or penalty. In such cases, to the extent not prohibited by such process, such Seller
Party shall promptly provide the Purchaser with a copy of the Confidential and Proprietary
Information so disclosed.

Non-Compete

For
a period of five (5) years following the Closing, Drut shall not, either directly or indirectly,
individually or by or through any Covered Entity, (a) participate in, assist, aid, or advise in any
way, any business or enterprise that competes with the Business in the Territory (including, without
limitation, providing services to any customer or other person or entity in the Territory that competes
with the Business). (b) invest in (whether through debt or equity securities), contribute any capital
to, make any advances or loans to, take an ownership interest or profit-sharing percentage in, seek
to purchase or acquire, or receive income, compensation, or consulting fees from, any entity or person
directly or indirectly involved in or competitive with the Business in the Territory. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing contained in this section shall prohibit Drut or any Affiliate of Drut from
owning (i) less than five percent (5%) of any class or series of voting securities publicly held
and quoted on a recognized securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, of any issuer or
(ii) an immaterial amount of a Covered Entity as a result of a purchase decision made by a third
party after the Effective Date without the knowledge of Drut and no such issuer shall be considered
a Covered Entity solely by virtue of such ownership or the incidents thereof.

Business
means the livestream or video-based online sales platform developed and marketed by the Company
and/or by Purchasers Market.live division.

Territory
means each and every state, county, city, or other political subdivision or geographic location in
the United States.

Specific
Performance The
Parties agree that: (a) in the event of any breach or threatened breach by any Party of any covenant, obligation or other provision
set forth in this Binding Term Sheet, the other Parties shall be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available
to it) to (i) a decree or order of specific performance or mandamus to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant, obligation
or other provision, and (ii) an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach; and (b) no Party shall be required to provide
any bond or other security in connection with any such decree, order or injunction or in connection with any related action or Proceeding.

9

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound, the Parties have executed and delivered this binding Term Sheet as of the Effective Date.

LYVECOM, INC.

By:
______________________________________

Print
Name: ________________________________

Title:
_____________________________________

Date:
_____________________________________

VERB TECHNOLOGY
COMPANY, INC.

By:
______________________________________

Print
Name: ________________________________

Title:
_____________________________________

Date:
_____________________________________

[EACH
STOCKHOLDER]

10

EXHIBIT
A

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES RELATING TO SELLER PARTIES

Each
Seller Party hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser, except as set forth in the correspondingly numbered section of the Disclosure
Schedule delivered by Seller to Purchaser on the date hereof (the Disclosure Schedule), that the statements contained in
this Article IV are true and correct as of the date hereof (unless the representation and warranty is as of a specified date, in which
case it shall be as of such specified date).

4.01
Organization and Standing; Authority; Execution, Delivery and Performance; Enforceability. Each Seller Party has full power,
legal capacity and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which such Seller Party is a party
and to perform his, her or its obligations hereunder and thereunder and consummate the Contemplated Transactions, and the execution and
delivery by such Seller Party of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which such Seller Party is a party, the performance of
such Seller Partys obligations thereunder and consummation by such Seller Party of the Contemplated Transactions, have been duly
and validly authorized, and no other action on the part of such Seller Party is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which such Seller Party is a party and the Contemplated Transactions. This Agreement,
and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which such Seller Party is a party, has been duly and validly executed and delivered. This Agreement
and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which such Seller Party is a party (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each
other party thereto) constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Seller Party, enforceable against such Seller Party in
accordance with its terms, except to the extent that their enforceability may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and to general equitable principles.

4.02
Noncontravention. Neither the execution and delivery of any of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements to which such
Seller Party is a party, nor the consummation or performance of any of the Contemplated Transactions, will require the consent, notice
or other action by any Person under, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of, breach of, or default under (with or without
notice or lapse of time or both) (a) any applicable Law or any Judgment to which such Seller Party is subject; (b) if applicable, the
provisions of the Organizational Documents of such Seller Party or (c) any Contract, instrument, license, franchise or permit to which
such Seller Party is party, except in the case of clause (c), as would not delay, prohibit or impair such Seller Partys ability
to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. No consent, approval, Permit, Judgments, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental
Entity is required to be obtained or made by or with respect to such Seller Party in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which such Seller Party is a party, to perform his, her or its obligations thereunder or to
approve the Contemplated Transactions.

11

4.03
Title to the Purchased Shares. Each Seller Party is the record and beneficial owner of, and holds good and valid title
free and clear of any and all mortgages, security interests, charges, easements, rights, options, claims, restrictions, pledges, encumbrances
or other liens of any kind (collectively, Liens) (other than restrictions imposed on transfer under applicable federal
and/or state securities Laws) to, the Purchased Shares as indicated on Section 4.03(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, which Purchased Shares
constitute all of the capital stock and debt securities of the Company held by each Seller Party as indicated. Each Seller Party has
the sole power and authority to sell, transfer, assign and deliver the Purchased Shares as provided in this Agreement, and such delivery
will convey to Purchaser good and valid title to the Purchased Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens (other than restrictions imposed
on transfer under applicable federal and/or state securities Laws and other Permitted Liens). Immediately following the consummation
of the Contemplated Transactions, Purchaser will own all of the shares of capital stock of the Company free and clear of any Liens. Except
as set forth on Section 4.03 of the Disclosure Schedule, no Seller is a party to any voting trust or other voting agreement with respect
to the Purchased Shares or to any agreement relating to the issuance, sale, redemption transfer or other disposition of the Purchased
Shares.

4.04
Suits; Judgments. There are no Proceedings, or Judgments pending, or to the knowledge of each Seller Party, threatened,
to which such Seller Party is a party or is subject that would reasonably be expected to prohibit or delay the consummation of the Contemplated
Transactions by such Seller Party.

4.05
Brokers. No Seller Party has retained any Person to act as a broker or agreed or become obligated to pay, or taken any
action that might result in any Person claiming to be entitled to receive, any brokerage commission, bankers fee or finders
fee or similar commission or fee in connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions for which Purchaser or the Company could become
liable or obligated.

ARTICLE
V

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE COMPANY

The
Seller Parties hereby severally and not jointly represent and warrant to Purchaser, except as set forth in the correspondingly numbered
section of the Disclosure Schedule, that the statements contained in this Article V are true and correct as of the date hereof (unless
the representation and warranty is as of a specified date, in which case it shall be as of such specified date).

5.01
Organization and Standing. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under, the
Laws of the State of Delaware. The Company has all requisite power and authority to own, lease, operate or otherwise hold its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted and as proposed to be conducted. Section 5.01 of the Disclosure Schedules
sets forth each jurisdiction in which the Company is licensed or qualified to do business, and the Company is duly licensed or qualified
to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned or leased by it or the operation of its business
as currently conducted makes such licensing or qualification necessary. The Company has made available to Purchaser true and correct
copies of its Organizational Documents, as amended and in full force and effect on the date of this Agreement, and the Company is not
in violation of any provisions of its Organizational Documents. The Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and each Ancillary Documents to which the Company is or will be a party, to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

12

5.02
Capitalization.

(a)
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 (Common
Stock), of which 5,000,000 shares are issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the date hereof and constitute
the Purchased Shares. There are no other authorized shares of capital stock other than the Common Stock.

(b)
Section 5.02(b) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth, as of the date hereof, the name of each Person that is the registered owner of
any Shares of Common Stock and the number of Shares of Common Stock owned by such Person.

(c)
There is no subscription, warrant, option, convertible or exchangeable security, or other right (contingent or otherwise) to purchase
or otherwise acquire equity securities of the Company is authorized or outstanding, and (ii) there is no commitment by the Company to
issue shares, subscriptions, warrants, options, convertible or exchangeable securities, or other such rights or to distribute to holders
of any of its equity securities any evidence of indebtedness or asset, to repurchase or redeem any securities of the Company or to grant,
extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price of, or otherwise amend any warrant, option, convertible or exchangeable security
or other such right. There are no declared or accrued unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of Common Stock.

(d)
All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (including the Purchased Shares) are (i) duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and non-assessable; (ii) not subject to any preemptive rights created by statute, the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents
of the Company, or any agreement to which the Company is a party; and (iii) free of any Liens created by the Company in respect thereof.
All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (including the Purchased Shares) were issued in compliance with applicable Law.

(e)
No outstanding shares of Common Stock are subject to vesting or forfeiture rights or repurchase by the Company. There are no outstanding
or authorized stock appreciation, dividend equivalent, phantom stock, profit participation or other similar rights with respect to the
Company or any of its securities.

(f)
Seller Parties own 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company and the Purchased Shares constitute 100%
of the authorized, issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding securities of the Company. There are no other securities of the Company
outstanding other than the Purchased Shares.

13

(g)
All distributions, dividends, repurchases and redemptions of the capital stock (or other equity interests) of the Company were undertaken
in compliance with the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company then in effect, any agreement to which the Company
then was a party and in compliance with applicable Law.

(h)
There are no voting trusts, irrevocable proxies or other contracts or understanding to which Company is bound to (x) repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any securities of the Company or (y) vote, consent or dispose of any securities in the Company.

(i)
The Company does not, directly or indirectly, have and has never had, any Subsidiaries or owned, beneficially or otherwise, any capital
stock or other equity, ownership, or profit sharing interests in any other Person.

5.03
Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability. The Company has corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the Contemplated Transactions, and the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which
it is a party and the consummation by the Company of the Contemplated Transactions, have been duly authorized by all necessary action
on the part of the Company and its stockholders, and no other action on the part of the Company is necessary to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and the Contemplated Transactions. This
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Company. This Agreement
and the Ancillary Agreements to which the Company is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that their enforceability may be subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and to general equitable principles.

5.04
Noncontravention; Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the Ancillary
Documents to which it is or will be a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, do not and will
not: (a) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or default under, any provision of the Organizational Documents of the
Company; (b) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to the Company;
(c) require the consent, notice or other action by any Person under, conflict with, result in a violation or breach of, constitute a
default or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under, result in the acceleration
of or create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which
the Company is bound or to which any of its properties and assets are subject (including any Material Contract) or any Permit affecting
the properties, assets or business of the Company; or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Liens other than Permitted Liens
on any properties or assets of the Company. No consent, approval, Permit, Governmental Order, declaration or filing with, or notice to,
any Governmental Authority is required by or with respect to the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the Ancillary Documents to which it is or will be a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

14

5.05
Financial Matters.6 Attached to Section 5 of the Disclosure Schedule are the following financial statements
(collectively, the Financial Statements): the unaudited balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
and the related income statement for such periods. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the books and records
of the Company and, except as set forth on Section 5.05 of the Disclosure Schedule and to the Knowledge of the Company, in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods indicated therein and fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods indicated therein. To the
Knowledge of the Company, the Company maintains and complies in all material respects with a system of accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Financial Statements in compliance
with GAAP. The financial books and records of the Company have been maintained in accordance with commercially reasonable business practices.
No Financial Statements of any Person other than the Company are required by GAAP to be included in the Financial Statements of the Company.
There has been no Fraud, whether or not material, that involves or involved any Seller Party or Company management or, to the Knowledge
of the Company, other employees or consultants who have or had a significant role in the financial reporting of the Company. The Financial
Statements are auditable.

5.06
No Indebtedness and Undisclosed Liabilities. Other than the amounts owed under the SAFE notes and the loan to be repaid
at Closing to Kevin Gould, the Company does not have any Indebtedness. The Company does not have any Liabilities, other than (a) Liabilities
expressly identified in the Financial Statements; (b) Liabilities incurred by the Company in the ordinary course of its business consistent
with past practice since [] (which are not material, individually or in the aggregate); or (c) ordinary course Liabilities under
Contracts to which it is a party (which do not include Liabilities for breach or default).

5.07
Absence of Changes or Events. Since December 31, 2024, the Company has conducted its business in the ordinary course of
business and there has not been a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the period between
December 31, 2024 and the date of this Agreement, except as set forth in Section 5.07 of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company has not:

(a)
sold, leased, transferred, or assigned any of its assets, tangible or intangible, other than sales of Inventory in the ordinary course
of business;

(b)
entered into any Material Contract, other than in the ordinary course of business;

(c)
acted or failed to act in any manner that would reasonably be expected to result in any loss, lapse, abandonment, cancellation, invalidity
or unenforceability of any material Company Intellectual Property;

6
NTD: Parties to discuss what can be provided here.

15

(d)
sold, assigned, transferred, conveyed, licensed, sublicensed, covenanted not to assert with respect to, abandoned, cancelled, allowed
to lapse or expire, leased or otherwise disposed of any material Company Intellectual Property;

(e)
collected, compiled, used, stored, processed, shared, safeguarded, secured, disposed of, destroyed, disclosed, or transferred (including
cross-border) Personal Information (or failed to do any of the foregoing, as applicable) in violation of any (i) applicable Privacy Laws,
(ii) publicly available privacy policies and notices of the Company (whether posted to an external-facing website or otherwise made available
or communicated to third parties by the Company), or (iii) contractual obligations that the Company has entered into with respect to
Personal Information;

(f)
suffered an acceleration or termination, or agreed to an amendment, modification to or cancellation of any Material Contract;

(g)
made or committed to make any capital expenditure in excess of $10,000 individually;

(h)
changed any of its payment policies with landlords, vendors, suppliers or other creditors;

(i)
changed any of its collection policies with respect to customers;

(j)
amended its Organizational Document;

(k)
issued, sold, or otherwise disposed of any of its Equity Securities;

(l)
declared, set aside, or paid any dividend or made any distribution with respect to its Equity Securities (whether in cash or in kind)
or redeemed, purchased, or otherwise acquired any of its capital stock or other securities;

(m)
experienced any material damage, destruction, interruption in use or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) to its property;

(n)
entered into any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement;

(o)
granted any increase in the compensation or wages of any of its directors, officers, contractors, employees or other service providers;

(p)
adopted any Company Benefit Plan or Contract providing benefits to any of its directors, officers, contractors, employees or other service
providers acting in such capacities, or amended, modified, or terminated any Company Benefit Plans and Contracts;

(q)
made any change in its accounting methods or principles;

(r)
prepared or filed any Tax Return unless such Tax Return was prepared in a manner consistent with past practice (unless otherwise required
by Law); filed any amended Tax Return; made, changed or revoked any election in respect of Taxes; entered into any closing agreement
in respect of Taxes; settled or compromised any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes; incurred any Liability for Taxes other than
in the ordinary course of business; changed (or made a request to any Taxing Authority to change) any aspect of its method of accounting
for Tax purposes; filed or surrendered any claim for a Tax refund; applied for or obtained any Tax ruling; or consented to any extension
or waiver of the statute of limitations for the assessment or collection of Taxes;

16

(s)
incurred or guaranteed any Indebtedness;

(t)
cancelled or compromised any debt or claim or waived or released any material right of the Company;

(u)
commenced or settled any Proceedings;

(v)
acquired (by merger, stock or asset purchase or otherwise) any Person or business or division thereof; or

(w)
other than as set forth above, entered into or agreed to enter into any Contract or other arrangement relating to any of the foregoing.

5.08
Certain Assets. The Company has good and valid title to all assets, properties and rights owned by it (or reflected in
the Balance Sheet to be owned by it), and valid and enforceable leasehold interests in or other contractual rights to all other assets,
properties and rights, in each case, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens). Such assets, properties and rights are
suitable for use in the ordinary course of business (subject to maintenance in the ordinary course of business), have been maintained
in accordance with industry practice, constitute all of the assets, properties and rights used by the Company to operate the business
of the Company as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted, and are sufficient for the conduct of such business immediately
following the Closing in substantially the same manner as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted.

5.09
Real Property.The Company does not own or lease any Real Property, and has not at any time owned or leased any Real Property.

5.10
Intellectual Property.

(a)
All Owned Intellectual Property that is subject to an application or registration for protection under applicable Law, including Internet
domain names (collectively, Registered Intellectual Property) is set forth in Section 5.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedule,
which specifies (i) the nature of the Registered Intellectual Property, (ii) the owner of record for each such item of Registered Intellectual
Property, (iii) the applicable jurisdiction(s) in which such Registered Intellectual Property has been issued, registered or otherwise
in which an application for such issuance or registration has been filed, and (iv) the registration or application date, as applicable.
Also set forth on Section 5.10(a) of the Disclosure Schedule are all material unregistered trademarks included in the Owned Intellectual
Property. All Registered Intellectual Property (other than applications) is valid, enforceable and in full force and effect.

17

(b)
The Company solely and exclusively owns all right, title and interest to the Owned Intellectual Property, free and clear of all Liens
(other than Permitted Liens). The Company has valid and continuing rights to use, sell or license (as the case may be) all Licensed Intellectual
Property pursuant to a valid written IP License Contract (as defined below), as the same is used in its business as presently conducted
or proposed to be conducted, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens).

(c)
The Contemplated Transactions will not (i) adversely affect the validity or enforceability of the Company Intellectual Property under
applicable Law, (ii) result in the loss or impairment of the Companys right to own or use any Company Intellectual Property or
(iii) result in the payment of any additional consideration for the Companys right to own or use any Company Intellectual Property
or otherwise require the consent, approval or other authorization of or notification to any party to, any IP License Contract.

(d)
The Company has not received any written notice, and there are no claims or Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company, (i) alleging any infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation of any Intellectual Property
used by the Company, (ii) challenging the ownership, validity or enforceability of any Owned Intellectual Property or (iii) challenging
the use by the Company of any Company Intellectual Property, and, in each case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), to the Knowledge of the
Company, there are no facts or circumstances that would form the basis for any such claim, Proceeding or challenge. None of the following
infringes, constitutes or results from a misappropriation of, dilutes or otherwise violates, or has infringed, constituted or resulted
from a misappropriation of, diluted or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property of any Person: (A) any Owned Intellectual Property
(or any use, practice or exploitation of any Owned Intellectual Property); (B) any products or services of the Company (or the making,
use, offer for sale, sale, importation, distribution or other disposal, performance or exploitation of any products or services of the
Company); or (C) any conduct or operations of any business of the Company.

(e)
To the Knowledge of the Company, no Owned Intellectual Property or any exclusively Licensed Intellectual Property has been or is being
infringed, misappropriated, diluted or otherwise violated by any Person, and no claim or Proceeding alleging any of the foregoing is
pending or threatened against any Person by the Company.

(f)
The Company has taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all (i) material Trade Secrets
included in the Owned Intellectual Property and (ii) Trade Secrets owned by any Person to whom the Company has a confidentiality obligation,
in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), which measures are reasonable in the industry in which the Company operates. No material Trade
Secret included in the Owned Intellectual Property has been authorized to be disclosed or, to the Knowledge of the Company, has been
actually disclosed to any Person other than pursuant to a valid written confidentiality Contract sufficiently restricting the disclosure
and use thereof.

18

(g)
The Company has executed valid and enforceable written Contracts with each of its past and present employees, consultants and independent
contractors pursuant to which each such Person agrees to hold all Trade Secrets of the Company in confidence both during and after his
or her employment or retention, as applicable. The Company has executed valid and enforceable written Contracts with each of its past
and present employees, consultants and independent contractors pursuant to which each such Person effectively and validly assigns to
the Company all of such Persons right, title an interest in and to all Intellectual Property created or developed for or on behalf
of the Company in the course of his or her employment or engagement. No Trade Secret owned by a prior employer of any current or former
employee of the Company is necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company.

(h)
Except for confidentiality agreements granting a counterparty permission or consent to use confidential information for a limited purpose,
Section 5.10(h) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of all Contracts pursuant to which (i) the Company
is granted by any Person any license, sublicense, right, option, permission, consent, non-assertion or release relating to any Intellectual
Property (Software Licenses need not be listed on Section 5.10(h) of the Disclosure Schedule, but shall be included in the definition
of IP License Contracts) or (ii) the Company grants to any Person any license, sublicense, right, option, permission, consent, non-assertion
or release relating to any Intellectual Property (clauses (i) and (ii) collectively, the IP License Contracts). The IP
License Contracts provide the Company with all rights, licenses, authorizations and other permissions to all Intellectual Property owned
by any Person other the Company that is used to conduct the business of the Company. The Company is not and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, no other party thereto is in breach of or default under (or is alleged to be in breach of or default under) or has provided
or received any notice of breach or default of or any intention to terminate, any IP License Contracts.

(i)
The Owned Intellectual Property, together with the Licensed Intellectual Property, constitutes all of the Intellectual Property used
in, and sufficient and necessary for, the conduct of the business of the Company as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted.

(j)
The Company owns or has a valid right to access and use all computer systems, networks, hardware, software, databases, websites, and
equipment used to process, store, maintain and operate data, information, and functions used in connection with the business as currently
conducted and as proposed to be conducted (the Company IT Systems). The Company IT Systems are adequate for, and operate
and perform in all material respects as required in connection with, the operation of the business as currently conducted and as proposed
to be conducted. The Company has taken commercially reasonable steps to provide for the back-up and recovery of the Company IT Systems,
including material data, and maintains commercially reasonable disaster recovery plans, procedures and facilities. To the Knowledge of
the Company, there have been no security breaches or unauthorized use, access or intrusions of any Company IT Systems. To the Knowledge
of the Company, the Company IT Systems do not contain any back door, drop dead device, time bomb,
Trojan horse, virus, or worm (as such terms are commonly understood in the software industry).
None of the products, services or technology of the Company incorporates, embeds or is distributed or installed with, statically or dynamically
links with or otherwise interacts with any open source software or other elements that require any software (or portions thereof) to
be licensed or the source code to be divulged to any third Persons.

19

(k)
To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company and any Person acting for the Company or on the Companys behalf, has at all times
complied with (i) all applicable Privacy Laws, (ii) all of the Companys policies and notices regarding Personal Information, and
(iii) all of the Companys contractual obligations with respect to the receipt, collection, compilation, use, storage, processing,
sharing, safeguarding, security (technical, physical and administrative), disposal, destruction, disclosure, or transfer (including cross-border)
of Personal Information. The Company has implemented and maintains reasonable policies, procedures and systems for receiving and appropriately
responding to requests from individuals concerning their Personal Information. None of the Companys privacy policies or notices
contain or have contained any material omissions or are or have been misleading or deceptive. The Company has implemented and at all
times maintained reasonable safeguards, at least consistent with practices in the industry in which the Company operates, to protect
Personal Information and other confidential data in its possession or under its control against loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized access,
use, modification or disclosure and the Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that any third Person with access to Personal Information
collected by or on behalf of the Company has implemented and maintained the same. To the Knowledge of the Company, any third party who
has provided Personal Information to the Company has done so in compliance with applicable Privacy Laws, including providing any notice
and obtaining any consent required. There have been no breaches, security incidents, misuse of or unauthorized access to or disclosure
of any Personal Information in the possession or control of the Company and the Company has not provided or been legally required to
provide any notices to any Person in connection with a loss of or unauthorized access to or disclosure of Personal Information. The Company
has not received any written notice of any claims or Proceedings (including notice from third Persons acting on its behalf), of or been
charged with, the violation of any Privacy Laws, applicable privacy policies, or contractual commitments with respect to Personal Information
and to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably form the basis of any such notice or claim.

5.11
Material Contracts.

(a)
Section 5.11(a) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of each of the following Contracts to which the Company
is a party or by which any assets of the Company are bound (collectively, Material Contracts):

(i)
any Contract with a Material Customer;

(ii)
any Contract with a Material Supplier;

(iii)
any broker, distributor, dealer, co-manufacturing, sales representative, manufacturer, sales promotion, market research, advertising
or agency Contract;

(iv)
any Contract pursuant to which the Company is bound by any provisions or covenant (A) not to compete, (B) not to hire, (C) not to solicit,
(D) not to acquire any securities (e.g., standstill provisions) or (E) that materially limits (or purports to materially
limit) the manner in which the Company conducts its business (including any restrictions with respect to any Person, line of business,
geographic area or period of time);

(v)
any lease, sublease or similar Contract with any Person pursuant to which the Company is a lessor, sublessor, lessee or sublessee of
any tangible personal property, or any portion of Real Property (including the leased Real Property), material to the conduct and operation
of the Companys business, including the Leases;

20

(vi)
any Contract pursuant to which the Company has incurred any Indebtedness (including guarantees);

(vii)
all contracts for capital expenditures or the acquisition or construction of any fixed assets requiring the payment by the Company following
the Closing of an amount in excess of $10,000;

(viii)
any Contract relating to mortgaging, pledging or otherwise placing a Lien on any material portion of the assets of the Company;

(ix)
any Contract with any exclusivity, most favored nation provision or similar pricing terms;

(x)
any Contract pursuant to which the Company is required to indemnify or guaranty the obligations of any Person outside of the ordinary
course of business;

(xi)
any Contract relating to the settlement of any Proceeding or Judgment involving the Company;

(xii)
any Contract for the sale of assets owned or leased by the Company (other than Inventory sales in the ordinary course of business);

(xiii)
any Contract relating to any joint venture, strategic alliance, partnership or similar arrangement;

(xiv)
any Contract for the distribution, marketing, sales representation or similar arrangement under which any third party is authorized to
sell, sublicense, lease, distribute, market or take orders for, any product, service or technology of the Company or any of its respective
Affiliates that generated revenues to the Company, as applicable;

(xv)
contracts for the employment of, or the provision of consulting services by, any officer, individual employee or other natural Person
on a full time, part-time, consulting or other basis;

(xvi)
contracts providing for the payment of any cash or other compensation or benefits as a result of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein, to which the Company is, or at Closing will be, a party;

(xvii)
contracts which restrict the ability of the Company to terminate the employment of any employee (other than in accordance with applicable
Law) without liability (including severance obligations not otherwise required by Law);

(xviii)
all exchange traded or over-the-counter swap, forward, future, option, cap, floor or collar financial contracts, or any other interest
rate or foreign currency protection contracts;

21

(xix)
all contracts (other than contracts in respect of employment or employee compensation) between the Company, on the one hand, and any
senior officer, director, manager, stockholder, or Affiliate of the Company or any of their Affiliates, or their respective Family Members,
on the other hand;

(xx)
all contracts with any Governmental Entity;

(xxi)
all Collective Bargaining Agreements;

(xxii)
all IP License Contracts, including Software Licenses; and

(xxiii)
any Contract, not otherwise identified above, pursuant to which the Company is currently obligated to make payments in excess of $10,000
per year.

(b)
The Company has made available to Purchaser true and correct copies of each written Contract set forth in (or required to have been set
forth in) Section 5.11(a) of the Disclosure Schedule (including all written amendments, modifications and supplements thereto). All Material
Contracts are valid, binding and in full force and effect, and are enforceable against the Company, and, to the Knowledge of the Company,
against the other parties thereto, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is
sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). The Company has performed all obligations required to be performed by it to date under the
Material Contracts to which it is a party, and it is not (with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach
or default in any material respect thereunder. To the Knowledge of the Company, no other party to any Material Contract is (with or without
the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both) in breach or default in any material respect under any Material Contract. The Company
has not received any written notice (or to the Knowledge of the Company, oral notice) of the intention of any other party to a Material
Contract to terminate or cancel any Material Contract prior to the expiration of the term thereof (including renewal terms), or to amend
or otherwise modify the material terms of any Material Contract nor, to Knowledge of the Company, does any party currently contemplate
any such termination, cancellation, amendment or other modification to any Material Contract.

5.12
Insurance. Section 5.12 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of insurance policies (specifying
the insured, the insurer, the amount of coverage, the type of insurance, the policy number, the expiration date, the annual premium,
and any pending claims thereunder) maintained by or for the benefit of the Company, as well as any surety bonds currently in effect.
All such policies are, and during the past three (3) years have been, in full force and effect, all premiums due and payable thereon
have been timely paid (other than retroactive or retrospective premium adjustments that are not yet, but may be, required to be paid
with respect to any period ending prior to the Closing Date), and no written notice of cancellation or termination has been received
by the Company with respect to any such policy which has not been replaced on substantially similar terms prior to the date of such cancellation.
Purchaser has been provided with a correct and complete claims history relating to such policies for the three (3) year period prior
to the date hereof. There is no material claim pending under any of such policies for which coverage has been denied or disputed by the
underwriters of such policies or in respect of which such underwriters have reserved their rights. During the past three (3) years, no
policy limits for any insurance policy of the Company has been materially exhausted. The insurance policies of the Company provide coverage
as may be required by applicable Law and by Material Contracts. The Company has not failed to give any notice or present any claims under
any applicable insurance policy in a due and timely fashion.

22

5.13
Taxes.

(a)
The Company has timely filed all Tax Returns that it was required to file under applicable Law and applicable regulations. All such Tax
Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects. All Taxes due and owing by the Company (whether or not shown on such
Tax Returns) have been paid. There are no Liens for Taxes upon any of the assets of the Company. Section 5.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedule
sets forth the amount of any Taxes that otherwise would have been required to be remitted or paid by the Company in connection with amounts
paid by the Company to any employee or individual service provider but have been deferred and the basis for such deferral.

(b)
The unpaid Taxes of the Company (i) did not, as of the most recent fiscal month end, exceed the reserve for Taxes (rather than any reserve
for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the Interim Balance
Sheet (rather than any notes thereto), and (ii) do not exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing Date
in accordance with the custom and practice of the Company in filing its Tax Returns. Since the Interim Balance Sheet Date, the Company
has not incurred any liability for Taxes arising from extraordinary gains or losses, as that term is used in GAAP, outside the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice and custom.

(c)
The Company has made available to Purchaser accurate and complete copies of all Tax Returns filed for taxable periods ended on or after
December 31, 2021.

(d)
There are no ongoing or pending actions, suits, proceedings, audits or investigations of the Company by any Taxing Authority in respect
of Taxes, nor has any Seller or the Company received any written notice from any Taxing Authority that it intends to bring any such Proceeding
or conduct any such audit or investigation. No claim has been made in writing by any Taxing Authority in a jurisdiction in which the
Company does not file Tax Returns that the Company is or may be required to file Tax Returns or pay Taxes in that jurisdiction. Except
as set forth on Section 5.13(d) of the Disclosure Schedule no audit of the Company by any Taxing Authority has ever been conducted, is
currently pending or is threatened, and no notice of any proposed Tax audit, or of any Tax deficiency or adjustment, has been received
by the Company, and there is no reasonable basis for any Tax deficiency or adjustment to be assessed against the Company.

(e)
The Company has not (i) waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax
assessment or deficiency, or (ii) granted a power of attorney to any Person that is currently in force with respect to any Tax matter.

23

(f)
The Company has complied with the provisions of the Code relating to the withholding and payment of Taxes, including the withholding
and reporting requirements under Code Sections 1441 through 1464, 3401 through 3406, and 6041 through 6049, as well as similar provisions
under any other Laws, and has, within the time and in the manner prescribed by Law, withheld from employee wages and paid over to the
proper Taxing Authorities all amounts required. The Company has accurately classified all service providers as either employees or independent
contractors for all Tax purposes. The Company (i) has collected and remitted all applicable sales and/or use Taxes to the appropriate
Taxing Authority, or (ii) has obtained, in good faith, any applicable sales and/or use Tax exemption certificates.

(g)
All deficiencies asserted or assessments made as a result of any audit or investigation by any Taxing Authority of the Tax Returns of
the Company been fully paid.

(h)
The Company (i) is not a party to, and has no obligation under, any Tax sharing agreement, Tax allocation agreement, Tax indemnity agreement
or similar Contract or arrangement, (ii) has never been a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar Tax group,
and (iii) has no Liability for Taxes of any other Person arising by Contract, transferee or successor liability, assumption, operation
of law, Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any analogous state, local or foreign Law) or otherwise.

(i)
The Company (i) is not bound by, has not agreed to, has not requested and is not required to make any adjustments pursuant to Section
481(a) of the Code (or any analogous state, local or foreign Law), nor has the Company received written notice from any Taxing Authority
that has proposed any such adjustment, and (ii) has not executed or entered into a closing agreement pursuant to Section 7121 of the
Code (or any analogous state, local or foreign Law).

(j)
The Company (i) has not participated in any listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4,
(ii) has not distributed the stock of another Person, or had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction that was purported
or intended to be governed in whole or in part by Section 355 of the Code (or so much of Section 356 of the Code as relates to Section
355 of the Code), and (iii) is not subject to any private letter ruling of the Internal Revenue Service (or analogous ruling of any Taxing
Authority). No position has been taken on any Tax Return of the Company for a taxable period for which the statute of limitations for
the assessment of any Taxes with respect thereto has not expired that is substantially similar to any position which a Taxing Authority
has successfully challenged in the course of an examination of a Tax Return of the Company.

(k)
The Company will not be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of deduction from, taxable income
for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date, as a result of any (A) change in method of accounting for
any Pre-Closing Tax Period, including pursuant to Section 481(a) of the Code (or any analogous state, local or foreign Law), (B) installment
sale or other open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing Date, (C) closing agreement as described in
Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign Law) executed on or prior to the Closing
Date; (D) prepaid amount received or deferred revenue realized on or prior to the Closing Date (E) any election under Section 108(i)
of the Code (or any analogous state, local or foreign Law) or (F) any Indebtedness (or portion thereof) that is, or has been, forgiven.

24

(l)
The Company is not, and has not been during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code, a a United
States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(e)(2) of the Code.

(m)
All required estimated Tax payments sufficient to avoid any underpayment penalties or interest have been made by or on behalf of the
Company.

(n)
The Company currently does not have, and has never had, a permanent establishment (as defined by applicable tax treaty) or other taxable
presence in any foreign country.

(o)
There is no power of attorney that will have continuing effect after the Closing with respect to the Company which permits a person to
interact with a Taxing Authority on behalf of the Company.

(p)
The Company is not a party to any agreement, contract or plan that has resulted or could result, separately, or in the aggregate, in
the payment of (i) any excess parachute payment within the meaning of Code 280G (or any corresponding provision of
state, local or non-U.S. Tax law) or (ii) any amount that will not be fully deductible as a result of Section 162(m) of the Code (or
any corresponding provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax law).

(q)
For purposes of this Section 5.13, any reference to the Company shall be deemed to include any Person that merged with or was liquidated
or converted into the Company.

5.14
Proceedings; Judgments. Except as set forth in Section 5.14 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no, and during the past
three (3) years there have been no, Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any officer,
manager, employee or director of the Company in such capacity as an officer, manager, employee or director, and there is no outstanding
Judgment to which the Company is a party or subject.

5.15
Benefit Plans.

(a)
The Company does not maintain, and has never maintained, any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) or any other retirement, supplemental retirement, deferred
compensation, executive compensation, employment, consulting, bonus, incentive, compensation, stock purchase, employee stock ownership,
equity or equity-based, severance, retention, salary continuation, vacation or sick pay policy, termination, change in control, employee
loan, medical, welfare, retiree medical or life insurance, disability, death benefit, group insurance, hospitalization, Code Section
125 cafeteria or flexible benefit, educational, employee assistance, fringe benefit and all other employee
benefit plans, policies, agreements, programs or arrangements, whether or not subject to ERISA, whether formal or informal, oral or written,
which the Company maintains, sponsors or contributes to or with respect to which the Company has any direct or indirect present or future
Liability (collectively, the Company

25

(b)
Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has at any time sponsored or has ever been obligated to contribute to, or had any
liability in respect of, (i) an employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) subject to Title IV
of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA (including any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section
(3)(37) of ERISA), (ii) a multiple employer plan as defined in Section 413(e) of the Code, (iii) a multiple employer
welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section 3(40) of ERISA, or (iv) a self-funded welfare benefit plan.

(c)
Except as set forth on Section 5.15(c) of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation
of any of the Contemplated Transactions will, either alone or in connection with any other event(s), (i) result in any payment or benefit
becoming due to any current or former employee, contractor, officer, director or other service provider of the Company, (ii) accelerate
the time of payment, funding or vesting of any benefits to any current or former employee, contractor, officer, director or other service
provider of the Company, or (iii) increase the amount of compensation or benefits due any current or former employee, officer, director,
contractor or other service provider.

(d)
The Company has no obligation to gross-up or reimburse any individual for any Tax or related interest or penalties incurred by such individual,
including under Sections 409A or 4999 of the Code or otherwise.

5.16
Employees and Labor Matters.

(a)
The Company does not have, and has never had, any employees.. Section 5.16(a) of the Disclosure Schedule separately sets forth a true,
correct and complete list of all independent contractors and consultants of the Company, showing date of engagement, and the basis of
compensation.

(b)
Section 5.16(b) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of all independent contractors and consultants who
performed services for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under Contract at any time since January 1, 2022 or who are currently performing
services or under Contract to perform future services for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and showing for each: (i) the start
date, (ii) whether they are contracted in their individual status or with a corporation, (iii) type of services to be provided, (iv)
anticipated completion date, and (v) hourly or per diem rate or other form of pay of such contractor.

5.17
Compliance with Applicable Laws. During the past three (3) years, the Company has conducted its business, and operated
and used all of its assets, in material compliance with all applicable Laws. During the past three (3) years, the Company has not received
any written notice from any Governmental Entity or any other Person alleging the violation of, or failure to comply with, any applicable
Law in any material respect.

26

5.18
Permits. The Company does not hold any Permits.

5.19
Customers. Section 5.19 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of the top ten (10) customers
of the Company as measured by revenue generated during the year ended December 31, 202[4] (each, a Material Customer).
No Material Customer has cancelled, terminated or otherwise materially decreased or adversely changed the terms of or notified the Company
of such customers intention to cancel, terminate or materially decrease or adversely change the terms of its purchases from the
Company. The Company does not currently have any material dispute with any Material Customer, and the Company has not in the past two
(2) years had any material dispute with any Material Customer.

5.20
Vendors and Suppliers. Section 5.20 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of the top ten
(10) vendors and/or suppliers of the Company as measured by expenses or expenditures paid by the Company during the year ended December
31, 202[4] (each, a Material Supplier). No Material Supplier has cancelled, terminated or otherwise materially decreased
or adversely changed the terms of or notified the Company of any intention to cancel, terminate or materially decrease or adversely change
the terms pursuant to which such vendors and/or suppliers provide goods or services to the Company. The Company does not currently have
any material dispute with any Material Supplier, and the Company has not in the past two (2) years had any material dispute with any
Material Supplier.

5.21
Inventory. The Company has no inventory.

5.22
Accounts Receivable. All accounts and notes receivable of the Company reflected on the [Balance Sheet] and all accounts
and notes receivable as of the Closing Date (net of allowances for doubtful accounts as reflected thereon and as determined in accordance
with GAAP) have arisen in the ordinary course of business of the Company. No Person has any Liens on such receivables or any part thereof,
and no agreement for deduction, free goods, discount or other deferred price or quantity adjustment has been made with respect to any
such receivables. To the actual knowledge of the Company, there is no pending contest, dispute or Proceeding with respect to the amount
or validity of any amount of any such accounts and notes receivable (except as would not exceed the allowance for doubtful accounts).

5.23
Affiliate Transactions. Except as set forth on Section 5.23 of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no Contracts or transactions
between the Company, on the one hand, and any Seller Party, any Affiliate or any Family Member of a Seller Party or such Seller Partys
Affiliate, or any present or former shareholder, stockholder, other equityholder, director, manager, officer or employee of the Company
(or any Affiliate or Family Member of the foregoing) (collectively, Related Persons), on the other hand, other than employment
arrangements in the ordinary course of business. The Company does not owe any amount to any Related Person (excluding salary for the
current pay period and accrued benefits). No Related Person owns directly or indirectly, on an individual or joint basis, any interest
in, or serves as an officer or director or in another similar capacity of, any material competitor, landlord, customer or supplier of
the Company, or any organization which has a material Contract or arrangement with the Company.

27

5.24
Absence of Unlawful Payments. The Company has not and, to the Knowledge of the Company, none of its current or former officers,
directors, managers, or other employees or other Person acting on their behalf have (a) violated any applicable provision of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; (b) been targeted by any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control
of the U.S. Treasury Department; (c) paid, offered, promised or authorized payment of, money or any other thing of value to any Governmental
Entity or officer, employee, official, political party (or official thereof), candidate for political office, employee of a state-owned
enterprise or official of an international organization (each, a Government Person) in violation of applicable Law for
the purpose of influencing, directly or indirectly through another Person, any act, omission or decision of such Government Person in
an official capacity so that the Company might secure any advantage, obtain or retain business or direct business to any Person; or (d)
accepted or received any contributions, payments, gifts or expenditures that, to the Knowledge of the Company, was unlawful.

5.25
Full Disclosure. The Company does not have actual knowledge of any fact that has specific application to the Company (other
than general economic or industry conditions) and that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the assets,
business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations of the Company that has not been set forth in this Agreement or the
Disclosure Letter.

5.26
Matters Related to the SAFE. The SAFEs were issued in accordance with all applicable Laws. Upon receipt of the SAFE Termination
Agreements, the SAFEs will have been terminated with no further obligations to the holders thereof except for the payments set forth
in this Agreement.

5.27
Brokers. The Company has not retained any Person to act as a broker or agreed or become obligated to pay, or taken any
action that might result in any Person claiming to be entitled to receive, any brokerage commission, bankers fee, finders
fee or similar commission or fee in connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions.

ARTICLE
VI

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER7

Purchaser
hereby represents and warrants to the Seller Parties that the statements contained in this Article VI are accurate and complete as of
the date hereof.

6.01
Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability. Purchaser has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Purchaser is a party and to consummate the Contemplated Transactions. The execution
and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Purchaser is a party and the consummation by Purchaser
of the Contemplated Transactions, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no other action on the part of Purchaser
is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements to which Purchaser is
a party and the Contemplated Transactions. This Agreement and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which Purchaser is a party have been
duly executed and delivered with this Agreement. This Agreement, and each of the Ancillary Agreements to which Purchaser is a party,
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except to
the extent that their enforceability may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and to general equitable principles.

7
NTD: To add representations regarding the Equity Consideration. RESPONSE: Please provide what representation you are requesting.

28

6.02
Noncontravention. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements to which Purchaser
is a party, nor the consummation or performance of any of the Contemplated Transactions, in any material respect, contravene, conflict
with or result in a violation of (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) (a) any other Law or any Judgment to which Purchaser
is subject; (b) the provisions of any material Contract to which Purchaser is subject; or (c) the provisions of the Organizational Documents
of Purchaser.

6.03
Judgments. There are no Proceedings or Judgments pending or to the knowledge of Purchaser threatened to which Purchaser
is a party or is subject that would reasonably be expected to prohibit or delay the Contemplated Transactions.

6.04
Acquisition of Purchased Shares for Investment. Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of Purchasers acquisition of the Purchased Shares. Purchaser can bear the
economic risk of its investment in the Purchased Shares and can afford to lose its entire investment in the Purchased Shares, and the
Seller Parties have provided Purchaser the opportunity to ask questions of the officers and employees of the Company and to acquire additional
information about the business and financial condition of the Company. Purchaser is acquiring the Purchased Shares for investment and
not with a view toward or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, or with any present intention of distributing or selling
such Purchased Shares. Purchaser agrees that the Purchased Shares may not be sold, transferred, offered for sale, pledged, hypothecated
or otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except pursuant to an exemption from such
registration available under such Act.

6.05
Brokers. Purchaser has not retained any Person to act as a broker or agreed or become obligated to pay, or has taken any
action that might result in any Person claiming to be entitled to receive, any brokerage commission, bankers fee, finders
fee or similar commission or fee in connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions for which the Seller Parties could become liable
or obligated.

29

EXHIBIT
A-1

DEFINITIONS

Affiliate
of any Person means another Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, such first Person. The term control (including the terms controlled by and under
common control with), whether through the ownership of voting securities, as trustee or executor, by Contract or otherwise, means
(a) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote 10% or more of the securities or other equity interests of a Person
having voting power; (b) the possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies
of a Person, or (c) being a director, officer, executor, trustee or fiduciary (or their equivalents) of a Person or a Person that controls
such Person.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Ancillary
Agreements means the documents, instruments, certificates and agreements executed in connection with this Agreement and the
Employment Agreement.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banks in New York, New York are not open for business.

Closing
Date means the date on which the Transaction closes.

Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collective
Bargaining Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(c).

Company
means Lyvecom, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Company
Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Plans has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15(a).

Company
Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.01 (Organization and Standing),
Section 5.02 (Capitalization), Section 5.03 (Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability), Section 5.10 (Intellectual
Property), Section 5.13 (Taxes) and Section 5.27 (Brokers).

Company
Intellectual Property means all Owned Intellectual Property and Licensed Intellectual Property.

Company
IT Systems has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(j).

Contemplated
Transactions means Purchasers acquisition of the Purchased Shares and all other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including the Employment Agreement.

30

Contract
means, with respect to any Person, any written or oral agreement, contract, understanding, arrangement, instrument, note, guaranty, indemnity,
deed, assignment, power of attorney, purchase order or series of related purchase orders, work order or series of related work orders,
insurance policy, lease, sublease, license, sublicense, obligation, commitment, assurance or undertaking to which such Person is a party,
by which it or its assets are bound or subject.

Damages
means all losses, Liabilities, obligations, costs, expenses, Liens, Taxes, awards, assessments, judgments and damages (including the
reasonable cost of investigation, remediation and professional fees, including those of attorneys, consultants, experts and accountants)
incurred, suffered or sustained by such Person, excluding punitive damages (except to the extent actually awarded or paid to a third
party). For purposes of (a) determining the existence of any breach of or inaccuracy with respect to any representation or warranty,
or (b) the calculation of the amount of any Damages attributable to any breach of, inaccuracy with respect to, or failure to comply with,
any representation, warranty or covenant set forth in this Agreement (including the Disclosure Schedule), any qualifications in the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements with respect to a Material Adverse Effect, materiality, material
or similar terms shall be disregarded and will not have any effect with respect thereto.

Disclosure
Schedule has the meaning set forth in the introduction to the representations and warranties by the Seller Parties

Employment
Agreement means the employment agreement between Purchaser and Drut.

Entity
means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, professional association, trust or other entity.

ERISA
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15(a).

ERISA
Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

Family
Member means with respect to each individual, such individuals spouse, ancestors and descendants (whether natural or
adopted) and any trust or other Entity (including partnership or limited liability company) solely for the benefit of such individual
and/or such individuals spouse, their respective ancestors and/or descendants.

Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 5.05.

Fraud
means common Law fraud under Delaware Law committed by (or on behalf of) the Company or the Seller Parties in connection with the Contemplated
Transactions.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States as set forth in pronouncements of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (and its predecessors) and the American Institute of Certified Public Accounting Firm.

31

Government
Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.24.

Governmental
Entity means any federal, state, local or foreign government or any court of competent jurisdiction, administrative or regulatory
body, agency, department, office, bureau, or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality in any domestic or foreign
jurisdiction, and any appropriate division of any of the foregoing or any corporation or other Entity owned or controlled in whole or
in part by any of the foregoing (including any sovereign wealth fund).

Hazardous
Material means: (a) any material, substance, gas, matter or waste classified, designated, characterized or otherwise regulated
as hazardous, Toxic, radioactive, or a pollutant, contaminant,
or words of similar meaning by any Governmental Entity with jurisdiction over the environment, (b) any petroleum, waste oil, crude oil,
asbestos, urea formaldehyde, polychlorinated biphenyl, or Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS); (c) any other substance, material
or waste (regardless of physical form) that is subject to any Law which regulates or establishes standards of conduct in connection with,
or which otherwise relates to, the protection of human health, the environment, plant life, animal life, natural resources, or the enjoyment
of life or property free from the presence of any solid, liquid, gas, odor or noise and (d) any compound, mixture, solution, product
or other substance or material that contains any substance or material referred to in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) above.

HCERA
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15(l).

Healthcare
Reform Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15(l).

Improvements
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.09(d).

Income
Tax Purposes means under applicable U.S. federal income Tax Laws, and any applicable analogous state, local or foreign income
or franchise Tax Law.

Indebtedness
of the Company means, without duplication, the aggregate amount (including any related fees, prepayment premiums or penalties or other
amounts payable as a result of the full discharge of such obligations as of the Closing) of (a) the unpaid principal amount of, and accrued
interest on, all outstanding indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for any deferred or contingent purchase price of property
or services, including all seller notes, earn-out and similar payments (whether contingent or otherwise) valued at the
maximum potential amount thereof; (b) all outstanding indebtedness of such Person evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument,
including pursuant to any promissory or term note or line of credit; (c) all unreimbursed amounts drawn under letters of credit issued
for the account of such Person; (d) all payment obligations of such Person under any interest rate protection agreements and similar
agreements; (e) any obligations under leases which are required to be capitalized or reported as a finance lease under GAAP; (f) all
Liabilities and obligations arising from bonuses, wages, commissions, paid time-off, sick leave, vacation, floating holidays and other
compensation arrangements, whether or not accrued but relating to pre-Closing periods plus the employer portion of employment or payroll
Taxes associated therewith; (g) obligations under, arising from or with respect to payables to any of the Companys Affiliates,
directors, employees, officers or stockholders or members or any of their respective Affiliates, including any unpaid dividends or distributions;
(h) all Liabilities and obligations arising from accrued expenses, including, without limitation, accrued rent and accrued interest but
relating to the pre-Closing periods; (i) all obligations arising from cash/book overdrafts; (j) all obligations in respect of bankers
acceptances, letters of credit, surety, performance or similar bonds, or similar credit transactions; (k) any off balance sheet financial
obligations in the nature of indebtedness, including synthetic leases and project financing; (l) any unpaid Transaction Expenses; (m)
any customer deposits, advanced payments or unearned revenues actually collected by the Company; (n) the Tax Liability Amount; (o) all
obligations under any interest rate, currency or other hedging agreements; (p) unpaid severance or similar obligations as of immediately
prior to Closing plus the employer portion of employment or payroll Taxes associated with such severance or similar obligations; and
(q) any guaranty of debt obligations of any other Person (as described in the other clauses of this definition of Indebtedness).8

8
Note to Draft: Definition is subject to completion of due diligence.

32

Intellectual
Property means all worldwide rights, title, and interest in or relating to intellectual property or industrial property, including
all: (a) patents, inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, utility models, industrial rights and patent applications,
together with all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, and patents issuing thereon, along with all revisions, renewals,
substitutions, extensions, re-issuances, re-examinations, registrations and filings claiming priority to or serving as a basis for priority
thereof; (b) trade names, design marks, logos, business names, brand names, corporate names, trade dress, trademarks and services marks,
and other source or business identifiers and general intangibles of a like nature, together with all goodwill associated therewith, and
all applications, registrations, renewals and extensions thereof; (c) Internet domain names and uniform resource locators; (d) copyrights,
works of authorship, database and design rights, whether or not registered or published, and all applications, recordations, and registrations
in connection therewith, along with all reversions, extensions and renewals thereof, and all other rights corresponding thereto, including
statutory or common law rights and moral rights thereto; (d) trade secret rights and corresponding rights in confidential information
and other non-public or proprietary information (whether or not patentable), including ideas, formulas, compositions, inventors
notes, discoveries and improvements, know-how, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, testing information, research and
development information, inventions, invention disclosures, unpatented blueprints, drawings, specifications, designs, plans, proposals
and technical data, business and marketing plans, market surveys, market know-how, and customer lists and information (Trade
Secrets); (e) software and technology and other intellectual property or industrial property rights arising from or relating
to software and technology; (f) rights relating to or under any of the foregoing granted under any Contract; and (g) similar, corresponding
or equivalent intellectual property or proprietary rights anywhere in the world.

IP
License Contract has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(h).

IRCA
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(j).

Judgment
means any order, judgment, injunction, edict, decree, ruling, pronouncement, determination, decision, opinion, verdict, sentence, subpoena,
writ or award issued, made, entered, rendered or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any court, administrative agency
or other Governmental Entity or any arbitrator or arbitration panel.

33

Knowledge
of the Company and other phrases of like substance mean the actual knowledge of Drut and [] after reasonable inquiry.

Law
means, with respect to any Person, any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, legislation, regulation, ordinance,
order, constitution, administrative or judicial doctrine, principle of common law or other legal requirement, enacted, adopted, passed,
approved, promulgated, made, implemented or otherwise put into effect by any Governmental Entity.

Leases
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.09(b).

Liabilities
means any and all liabilities, claims, demands, Damages, debts, losses, obligations, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys
and accountants fees and expenses), Proceedings of any nature whatsoever (whether at law, in equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise),
whether past, present or future, whether now known or unknown, direct or indirect, suspected or unsuspected, absolute or contingent,
or matured or unmatured.

Licensed
Intellectual Property means any and all Intellectual Property (other than Owned Intellectual Property) used, held for use
or practiced by the Company.

Liens
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03.

Material
Adverse Effect means any change, effect, occurrence, development, state of facts or circumstance that, individually or when
taken together with all other such similar or related changes, effects, occurrences, developments, state of facts or circumstances that
have occurred prior to the date of determination of the occurrence of such change, effect, occurrence, development, state of facts or
circumstance, (a) is or would reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the business, assets, results of operations or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company; or (b) prevents or would reasonably be expected to prevent the consummation of any of the Contemplated
Transactions; provided, however, that such change, effect, or circumstance shall not be deemed to constitute a Material
Adverse Effect to the extent that any change, effect, or circumstance described in clause (a) resulted or arose from, or is related
to: (i) a change in general political, economic, or financial market conditions, (ii) a change that affected the industries in which
the Company operates generally, (iii) any changes after the date of this Agreement in GAAP or applicable Law or (iv) natural disaster,
sabotage, acts of terrorism or war (whether or not declared) or other outbreak of hostilities or the escalation thereof, except in the
case of clauses (i) through (iv), to the extent that such change would reasonably be expected to have a disproportionate impact on the
Company relative to other Persons in the industries in which the Companys business operates.

Material
Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11(a).

34

Material
Customer has the meaning set forth in Section 5.20.

Material
Permits has the meaning set forth in Section 5.18.

Material
Supplier has the meaning set forth in Section 5.21.

Organizational
Documents means, with respect to any particular Entity, (a) if a corporation, the articles or certificate of incorporation,
the bylaws and any stockholders agreement and similar governing documents; (b) if a general partnership, the partnership agreement
and any statement of partnership; (c) if a limited partnership, the limited partnership agreement and the articles or certificate of
limited partnership; (d) if a limited liability company, the articles of organization or certificate of formation and operating agreement,
regulations, limited liability company agreement, or company agreement; (e) if another type of Entity, any other charter or similar document
adopted or filed in connection with the creation, formation, governance or organization of the Entity; and (f) any amendment or supplement
to any of the foregoing.

Owned
Intellectual Property means all Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by the Company.

Party
or Parties has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

PCAOB
means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

PCAOB
Audited Financials means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of [December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023],
and the related audited consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and shareholders deficit and cash flows of
the Company for such periods, and the related notes to the consolidated Financial Statements, each audited in accordance with the auditing
standards of the PCAOB.

Permit
means any permit, license, certificate, registration, qualification or authorization issued or granted by any Governmental Entity or
pursuant to any applicable Law.

Permitted
Liens means (a) Liens imposed by applicable Law related to the sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of securities;
(b) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or for which appropriate reserves have been established on the Interim Balance Sheet in accordance
with GAAP; (c) purchase money Liens and Liens securing rental payments; (d) easements, covenants, rights of way and other restrictions
of record; (e) non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property granted in the ordinary course of business; (f) mechanics, carriers,
workmens, repairmens and other like Liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business for amounts that are not
yet delinquent; (g) Liens consisting of zoning or planning restrictions, building codes, Permits and other governmental or non governmental
restrictions or limitations on the use of real property or irregularities in title thereto, to the extent such restrictions do not and
would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the use of such real property in the operation
of the Companys business as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted; and (h) with respect to any leased Real Property,
any Lien created by or in favor of the landlord that does not and would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate,
interfere with the use of such leased Real Property in the operation of the Companys business as currently conducted or as proposed
to be conducted.

35

Person
means any individual and any firm, Entity, joint venture or Governmental Entity.

Personal
Information shall mean, in addition to any definition for any similar term (e.g., personal data, personally
identifiable information or PII) provided by applicable Law or by the Company in any of its privacy policies, notices
or Contracts, all information that identifies, could be used to identify or is otherwise associated with an individual person or device,
whether or not such information is associated with an identifiable individual, including (a) name, physical address, telephone number,
email address, financial information, financial account number or government-issued identifier, (b) any data regarding an individuals
activities online or on a mobile device or application, and (c) Internet Protocol addresses, device identifiers or other persistent identifiers.
Personal Information may relate to any individual, including a current, prospective, or former customer, end user or employee of any
Person, and includes information in any form or media, whether paper, electronic, or otherwise.

PPACA
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15(l).

Privacy
Laws shall mean any and all applicable Laws, legal requirements and self-regulatory guidelines (including of any applicable
foreign jurisdiction) relating to the receipt, collection, compilation, use, storage, processing, sharing, safeguarding, security (both
technical and physical), disposal, destruction, disclosure or transfer (including cross-border) of Personal Information, including the
Federal Trade Commission Act, California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS), General
Data Protection Regulation, Regulation 2016/679/EU on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data
and on the free movement of such data (GDPR), and any and all applicable Laws relating to breach notification in connection with Personal
Information.

Proceeding
means any action, arbitration, claim, hearing, litigation, suit, investigation, or audit (whether civil, criminal, administrative or
judicial, or whether public or private) commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before any Governmental Entity or arbitrator.

Purchased
Shares means the shares of Common Stock.

Purchaser
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Purchaser
Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01 (Authority; Execution
and Delivery; Enforceability), Section 6.02 (Noncontravention) and Section 6.05 (Brokers).

Real
Property means the real property owned, leased or subleased by the Company, together with all buildings, structures and facilities
located thereon.

Registered
Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(a).

36

Related
Persons has the meaning set forth in Section 5.23.

Representative
means, with respect to any Person, such Persons officers, directors, employees, equityholders, Affiliates, financing sources,
financial advisors, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, and other representatives and agents and representatives of the foregoing.

Restricted
Period means five (5) years from and after the Closing Date.

Section
409A has the meaning set forth in Section 5.15(k).

Seller
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Seller
Fundamental Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.01 (Organization and Standing;
Authority; Execution, Delivery and Performance; Enforceability), Section 4.03 (Title to the Purchased Shares), and Section
4.05 (Brokers).

Software
Licenses means any Contract that grants a license, permission or other right to utilize any off-the-shelf, commercially available
software on non-negotiable standard terms and conditions for an aggregate fee of no more than $5,000.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to a Person, any Entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding equity interests of which are owned, directly
or indirectly, by such Person.

Tax
means (a) United States federal, state or local, or non-United States, income, gross receipts, franchise, estimated, alternative minimum,
add-on minimum, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added, excise, natural resources, severance, stamp, withholding, occupation,
premium, windfall profit, environmental, customs, duties, real property, personal property, capital stock, net worth, intangibles, social
security, unemployment, disability, payroll, license, employee, escheat or unclaimed property obligations, or other tax or similar levy,
of any kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalties or additions to tax in respect of the foregoing and (b) any Liability of another
Person in respect of any item described in clause (a) arising by Contract, transferee or successor liability, assumption, operation of
law, Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any analogous state, local or foreign Law) or otherwise.

Transaction
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Transaction
Expenses means, without duplication, (a) all fees, commissions, costs and expenses (including all legal fees and expenses,
all fees and expenses payable to any broker, advisor, Representative, consultant or finder, and all fees and expenses of any audit firm
or accountants) that have been incurred by the Company or any Seller Party in connection with the Contemplated Transactions, (b) the
amounts payable by the Company to any Person, including current or former employees, contractors, managers, directors or other service
providers of the Company, in connection with, or conditioned on, the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions (including any transaction
incentive, success, retention, liquidity or change of control payments and any deferred compensation, bonuses, severance, termination
or similar payments), (c) any amounts payable by the Company to a Seller Party or any of their respective Affiliates (other than salary
payable with respect to the current pay period and accrued benefits), and (d) the employer portion of any employment or payroll Taxes
attributable to any such payments set forth in clauses (a) through (c) of this definition or any other compensatory amount payable or
arising in connection with the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions.

WARN
Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(g).

37
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

VERB
TO ACQUIRE AI SOCIAL SELLING STARTUP LYVECOM

Deal
Positions VERBs MARKET.live As One Of The Industrys Most Advanced AI-Powered Social Shopping Livestream E-Commerce Platforms

LOS
ALAMITOS, Calif., March 4, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Verb Technology Company, Inc. (Nasdaq: VERB) (VERB or the Company),
the technology company behind MARKET.live, a leading livestream social shopping platform, and GO FUND YOURSELF!,
a TV show and innovative new platform disrupting the crowd funding industry, today announces that it has executed a binding term sheet
to acquire LyveCom, a cutting-edge AI-driven video commerce platform. The transaction is subject to certain terms and conditions, including
completion of an audit of Lyvecoms financial statements, which terms and conditions are set forth in detail in the Form 8-K filed
by the Company today.

While
the transaction is expected to close within the next 60 days, if not sooner, Phase 1 of the integration of Lyvecoms technology
is complete and the new MARKET.live officially launches TODAY.

Management
contends that this transaction should not be underestimated. The integration of LyveComs AI-driven technology into VERBs
MARKET.live now allows brands and merchants to deliver an omnichannel livestream shopping experience to their customers. Brands and merchants
will not only engage their client and customers on the newly updated and refreshed MARKET.live site, but also seamlessly across their
own websites, mobile apps, and social platforms, all while leveraging AI-powered video content automation and personalized shopping experiences.

This
proprietary technology embeds livestreams and shoppable videos directly onto merchant websites without impact on site speed, while simultaneously
aggregating and repurposing content from TikTok, Instagram, and YouTube into interactive shopping experiences, allowing brands to engage
customers without constant content production.

A Transformative Step for MARKET.live
and the Livestream Shopping Industry

The
new MARKET.live will introduce game-changing innovations, including:

One-Click
Simulcasting: Instantly scale the broadcast of live shopping events across MARKET.live,
TikTok Shop, Shopifys Shop App, and other social sites, including the merchants
own e-commerce sites, maximizing audience reach and engagement, while maintaining checkout
and unified inventory management and control across all of the merchants social sites
and platforms.

AI-Driven
Video Commerce: Advanced AI capabilities will power real-time user-generated-content
creation, automated video content repurposing, and AI-powered virtual live shopping hosts.

Frictionless
Merchant Integration: Frictionless, self-serve onboarding for merchants, enabling millions
of Shopify merchants to adopt live and shoppable video with a simple 3-click integration,
making livestream shopping capabilities more accessible and useable than ever.

New
Strategic Partnerships: New and expanded strategic partnerships with Tapcart, Shopify
Shop App, Klaviyo, Recharge, and agency networks will expand MARKET.lives footprint
into mobile commerce and high-growth DTC brands.

Real-Time
Data & Analytics: An intelligent analytics hub will provide in-depth insights into
shopper behavior, enabling merchants to refine strategies and boost conversions.

The
future of commerce is video-first, and this acquisition accelerates that future, said Maxwell Drut, Co-Founder and CEO
of LyveCom and incoming Chief Technology Officer at MARKET.live. By combining LyveComs cutting-edge AI-powered video commerce
technology with VERBs expansive market reach, we are creating one of the most advanced, omnichannel video shopping ecosystems
in the U.S. Together, were not just enabling brands to sell through video were redefining how consumers discover,
engage, and shop in a content-driven world.

Unlike
closed marketplaces like Amazon Live and TikTok Shop, MARKET.live + LyveCom offers brands full control over their audience, content,
and conversions while leveraging AI to automate and optimize video commerce. This is a paradigm shift in digital retail, empowering brands
to sell smarter, faster, and more profitably than ever before. And with over 4 million Shopify merchants actively seeking AI-driven solutions,
we believe that the addition of LyveComs AI technology, VERBs MARKET.live is positioned for explosive growth and recurring
revenue expansion.

This
deal brings together LyveComs innovative AI driven video commerce solutions with VERBs resources and expertise,
said Kevin Gould, founder and CEO of Kombo Ventures and early Lyvecom investor. Im incredibly proud that Kombo Ventures
helped incubate Lyvecom, and Im energized by the shared vision to rapidly create the market leader in AI-driven social shopping.

Experience
the New MARKET.live Interface

Customers,
brands, and retailers can now explore the fully modernized MARKET.live interface at www.MARKET.live. The revamped platform
not only aligns seamlessly with the latest trends in social selling, video commerce, and livestream shopping, providing an immersive
and interactive shopping experience unlike any other, but also establishes the new paradigm we believe other ecommerce platforms will
strive to emulate.

Comprehensive
Go-To-Market Strategy & Client Onboarding

With
a well-defined and proven go-to-market strategy, as will be evidenced in VERBs forthcoming Form 10-K filing, VERBs MARKET.live
is set to onboard an additional extensive list of clients, including top agency partners and direct-to-consumer brands. The acquisition
strengthens MARKET.lives ability to cater to a diverse range of businesses, from independent Shopify sellers to enterprise-level
brands, ensuring a seamless and scalable transition into AI-powered social commerce.

Positioning
VERB MARKET.live as an Industry Leader

The
completion of this acquisition will establish VERBs MARKET.live as a definitive leader in livestream and AI-powered social commerce.
Unlike competitors that operate within closed marketplaces, MARKET.live will offer a truly integrated, multi-platform solution that:

Expands
e-commerce opportunities beyond a single channel, increasing brand exposure and sales potential.

Unlocks
access to Shopifys vast network of over 4 million merchants looking for AI-powered
video commerce solutions.

Automates
video content production and personalization at scale, driving efficiency and engagement
for brands of all sizes.

Additional
features include:

AI-Generated
Video UGC: A proprietary AI model trained on tens of thousands of video commerce interactions
that will automate content creation for brands.

AI-Powered:
Blending AI-driven personalization, automation, and omnichannel reach, bringing massive 24/7
global scalability to live shopping experiences, MARKET.live will turn video engagement into
revenue.

AI-Powered
Predictive Analytics and Automated Shoppable Content: Intelligent tools designed to optimize
merchandising strategies and increase conversion rates.

This
strategic acquisition underscores VERBs commitment to constant and continuing innovation, as we seek to shape the future of social
commerce and ultimately dominate the landscape, said Rory J. Cutaia, CEO of VERB. The addition of LyveComs
AI-driven video commerce capabilities to the new MARKET.live will offer an unparalleled shopping experience that bridges brands, marketplaces,
and social platforms ensuring that consumers can engage and shop wherever they are.

The
Future of AI-Powered Livestream Shopping Heres Whats Coming

This
transaction and the work our combined teams have undertaken over the past 9 months has paved the way for our upcoming launch of yet more
next generation social commerce capabilities, including:

AI
Avatar Live Shopping Hosts: This new proprietary technology, already trained on tens
of thousands of video commerce videos, has paved the way for the launch of real time AI Avatar
hosts, virtually indistinguishable from human hosts, capable of real-time audience engagement.

According
to an October 2024 report published by The Business Research Company, the global social commerce industry is anticipated to experience
rapid growth and is projected to surpass $1.29 trillion by 2028 at a CAGR of 13.7%.1 The Company believes that AI-powered
social selling is among the fastest-growing segments in e-commerce today.

With
this acquisition, VERB is setting a new industry standard for interactive video-based social commerce, with the goal of ensuring that
MARKET.live is the dominant force in this space and the go-to platform for brands looking to future-proof their business with AI-powered
video commerce.

About
VERB Technology Company

Verb
Technology Company, Inc. (NASDAQ: VERB), is the innovative force behind interactive video-based social commerce. The Companys
MARKET.live platform is a multi-vendor, livestream social shopping destination at the forefront of the convergence of ecommerce
and entertainment, where brands, retailers, creators, and influencers engage their customers, clients, fans, and followers across multiple
social media channels simultaneously. GO FUND YOURSELF!, is a revolutionary interactive social crowd funding platform for public
and private companies seeking broad-based exposure across social media channels for their crowd-funded Regulation CF and Regulation A
offerings. The platform combines a ground-breaking interactive TV show with MARKET.lives back-end capabilities allowing viewers
to tap, scan or click on their screen to facilitate an investment, in real time, as they watch companies presenting before the shows
panel of Titans. Presenting companies that sell consumer products are able to offer their products directly to viewers
during the show in real time through shoppable onscreen icons. The Company is headquartered in Las Vegas, NV and operates full-service
production and creator studios in Los Alamitos, California.

1
https://www.einpresswire.com/article/754813834/social-commerce-global-market-2024-to-reach-1291-47-billion-by-2028-at-rate-of-13-7

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
communication contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and include, without limitation, any statement that may predict,
forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance, or achievements including the following statements; the transaction closing
within the next 60 days, if not sooner; the integration of LyveComs AI-driven technology into VERBs MARKET.live allowing
brands and merchants to deliver an omnichannel livestream shopping experience to their customers; the new MARKET.live introducing game-changing
innovations; the combination of LyveComs cutting-edge AI-powered video commerce technology with Verbs expansive market
reach, creating one of the most advanced, omnichannel video shopping ecosystem in the U.S., redefining how consumers discover, engage,
and shop in a content-driven world; the revamped platform establishing the new paradigm other ecommerce platforms will strive to emulate;
the completion of the acquisition establishing VERBs MARKET.live as a definitive leader in livestream and AI-powered social commerce;
MARKET.live will offering a truly integrated, multi-platform solution; the addition of LyveComs AI-driven video commerce capabilities
to the new MARKET.live offering an unparalleled shopping experience that bridges brands, marketplaces, and social platforms ensuring
that consumers can engage and shop wherever they are and ensuring MARKET.live remains the go-to platform for brands looking to future-proof
their business with AI-powered video commerce. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance.
Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans
and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements
relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and
many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the
forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause
our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among
others, the ability to satisfy the closing conditions and consummate the acquisition; the ability of VERB to derive the benefits anticipated
from the acquisition including becoming a leader in livestream and AI-powered social commerce and those identified in our filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including our annual, quarterly and current reports filed with the SEC
and the risk factors included in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. Any forward-looking statement made
by us herein is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

Investor
Relations:

investors@verb.tech
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>verb-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>verb-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>verb-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38834

Entity Registrant Name VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001566610

Entity Tax Identification Number 90-1118043

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 3024
Sierra Juniper Court

Entity Address, City or Town Las
Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89138

City Area Code (855)

Local Phone Number 250-2300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001

Trading Symbol VERB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://verb.tech/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
verb-20250228.xsd 
verb-20250228_lab.xml 
verb-20250228_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008984-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001566610 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001566610 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
VERB TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC. 
NV 
001-38834 
90-1118043 
3024 Sierra Juniper Court 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89138 
(855) 
250-2300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 
VERB 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>