<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001214659-25-005116.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001214659-25-005116.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331215749
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-25-005116
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hyperscale Data, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000896493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				941721931
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12711
		FILM NUMBER:		25796271

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 444-5464 3679

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ault Alliance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BitNile Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ault Global Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>p3312508k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000089649300008964932025-04-012025-04-010000896493GPUS:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-04-012025-04-010000896493GPUS:Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

____________________________________________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

___________________________________________________________________

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April
1, 2025

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-12711 94-1721931

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 240,
Las Vegas, NV89141

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(949)444-5464

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value GPUS NYSE American

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share GPUS PD NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 5.03 AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS; CHANGE IN FISCAL YEAR.

On March 31, 2025, Hyperscale Data, Inc. (the
Company) filed a Certificate of Designation, Rights and Preferences (the Certificate of Designation)
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to establish the preferences, voting powers, limitations as to dividends or other
distributions, qualifications, terms and conditions of redemption and other terms and conditions of the Companys Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock). The following is a summary description of those terms and the general
effect of the issuance of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock on the Companys other classes of registered securities.

There are sixty thousand (60,000) shares of the
Series B Preferred Stock designated.

Description of the Series B Preferred Stock 

Conversion Rights

Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a stated
value of $1,000.00 and is convertible into shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) at a at a conversion price
equal the lesser of a 25% discount to the Companys Volume Weighted Average Price during the five trading days immediately prior
to (A) the Execution Date or (B) the date of conversion into shares of Common Stock, but not greater than $10.00 per share (the Maximum
Price), which Maximum Price shall be adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions
(the Conversion Price). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Series B Preferred Stock be convertible
at less than $0.40 (the Floor Price). The Conversion Price is subject to adjustment in the event of an issuance of
Common Stock at a price per share lower than the Conversion Price then in effect, as well as upon customary stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations or similar events. The Floor Price will not be adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations or similar
transactions.

Voting Rights

The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are
entitled to vote with the Common Stock as a single class on an as-converted basis, subject to applicable law provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law and the NYSE American (at times referred to as the Exchange), provided however, that for
purposes of complying with Exchange regulations, the conversion price, for purposes of determining the number of votes the holder of Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to cast, shall not be lower than $2.44 (the Voting Floor Price), which
represents the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the trading day immediately prior to the Execution Date. The Voting Floor Price
shall be adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions.

Dividend Rights

The holders of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock are entitled to cumulative cash dividends at an annual rate of 15%, or $150.00 per share, based on the stated value per share. Dividends
shall accrue from the date of the Initial Tranche Closing, for as long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding
and are payable monthly in arrears. For the first two years, the Company may elect to pay the dividend amount in Common Stock (the PIK
Shares) rather than cash, with the number of shares of Common Stock issued at the Conversion Price at the date that the dividend
payment is due. Dividends will accrue regardless of the Companys earnings or funds availability and will not exceed the full cumulative
dividends.

Liquidation Rights

In the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding
up of the Company, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock have a preferential right to receive an amount equal to the stated value per
share of Series B Preferred Stock before any distribution to other classes of capital stock, provided, however, that it ranks on a pari
passu basis with the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series G Preferred Stock. If the assets are insufficient, the distribution will
be prorated among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series G Preferred Stock. The remaining assets
will be distributed pro rata to the holders of outstanding Capital Stock and all holders of Series B Preferred Stock as if they had converted
their Series B Preferred Stock into Common Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock rank senior over other classes of preferred stock, including
the Series A, D, E and F Preferred Stock. Additionally, any transaction that constitutes a change of control transaction shall be deemed
to be a liquidation under the Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series B Certificate of Designation).

The Certificate of Designation became effective
upon filing, and a copy is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The above description of the Certificate
of Designation is a summary and, as such, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Certificate of Designation, which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights relating to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 31, 2025.

101 Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

Dated: April 1, 2025 /s/ Henry Nisser

Henry Nisser

President and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Delaware Page 1 The First
State Ia e A1651 A8/0A5uAt hA5e ni a hne1n8A1c o: h8A8n o: n h8A8n o: un2A3A1na uo n1n0c en18 /: c n A88Ae nu Ih A n A5u eo11ne8 eo7c
o: n en18/: IeA8n o: unhIS5A8Io5 o: R c7n1heA2n uA8Aa I5e#9a : I2nu /5 Ih o: : /en o5 n /18ct : /1h8 uAc o: DA1e a A#u# - 0- a A8 8:13
'e2oeK A#D# Cheruni Patihenda-Senchez, Secretary of State Authentication: 203316275 SR# 20251300913 Date: 03-31-25 You may verify this
certificate online at corp.delaware.gov/authver.shtml HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OF RIGHTS AND PREFERENCES OF
SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK March 31, 2025 Pursuant to Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(the "DGCL"), Hyperscale Data, Inc. (the "Corporation") hereby certifies that: WHEREAS, Article IV of the Certificate
of Incorporation of the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation") authorizes the issuance of up to 25,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Corporation ("Preferred Stock") in one or more series, and Article IV
of the Certificate of Incorporation expressly authorizes the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board"), subject to
limitations prescribed by law to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in series, and to establish from time to time
the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, power, preferences, and rights of the shares of
each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereat WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board to establish and
fix the number of shares to be included in a new series of Preferred Stock and the designation, rights, preferences and limitations of
the shares of such new series; WHEREAS, on March 28, 2025, the Board approved and adopted the following resolutions: NOW THEREFORE, BE
IT RESOLVED, that the Board does hereby provide for the issue of a series of Preferred Stock and does hereby in this Certificate of Designation
(the "Certificate of Designation") establish and fix and herein state and express the designation, rights, preferences, powers,
restrictions, and limitations of such series of Preferred Stock as follows: Section 1. Number of Shares and Designation. This series
of Preferred Stock shall be designated as the "Series B Convertible Preferred Stock," par value $0.001 per share (the "Series
B Preferred Stock"). The Series B Preferred Stock shall be perpetual, subject to the provisions of Section 6 hereof, and the authorized
number of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be 60,000. The number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be increased from
time to time pursuant to the provisions of Section 18 hereof and any such additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall form a
single series with the Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall have the same designations, rights, preferences,
powers, restrictions and limitations as every other share of Series B Preferred Stock. Section 2. Certain Definitions. The following
terms shall have the meanings defined in this Section 2: "Affiliate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 405
of the Securities Act. "Agreement" means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2025 by and between the
Corporation and SiC Lending, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Purchaser"). "Business Day" means any
day, other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law,
regulation, or executive order to close. "Capital Stock" means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants,
options, participations or other equivalents of or interest in (however designated) capital stock. "Change of Control Event"
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following in one or a series of related transactions: (i) one or more acquisitions after the
date hereof by an individual or legal entity or "group" (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), resulting
in a majority or more of the voting rights or equity interests in the Corporation being transferred to such Persons or their Affiliates;
State of Delaware Secretary of State a replacement of more than a majority of the members of the Board that is not approved by those
Division of Corporations individuals who are members of the Board on the date hereof (or other directors previously approved Delivered
08:13 AM 03/31/2025 by such individuals); FILED 08:13 AM 03/31/2025 SR - File Number 6551776 (iii) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation
or any one or more Subsidiaries owning a majority of the consolidated assets of the Corporation and all Subsidiaries, or a sale of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries in one or a series of related transactions, unless
following such transaction or series of transactions, the holders of the Corporation's securities immediately prior to the first such
transaction continue to hold at least a majority of the voting rights and equity interests in the surviving entity or acquirer of such
assets; (iv) a recapitalization, reorganization or other transaction involving the Corporation or any Subsidiary that constitutes or
results in a transfer of a majority or more of the voting rights or equity interests in the Corporation to any Persons; or (v) the execution
by the Corporation or its controlling stockholders of an agreement providing for any of the foregoing events. "Closing Price"
means, for any security as of any date, the last closing price for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or,
if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing price then the last price of
such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities
exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading
market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing price of
such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing
price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers
for such security as reported in the "pink sheets" by OTC Markets Group Inc. "Commission" means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. "Common Stock" means the Common Stock, $0.001 per share, of the Corporation, and any other
shares of stock issued or issuable with respect thereto (whether by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in exchange for or upon
conversion of such shares or otherwise in connection with a combination of shares, distribution, recapitalization, merger, consolidation,
other corporate reorganization or other similar event with respect to the Common Stock). "Common Stock Equivalents" means any
securities of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock,
including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. "Conversion" means
any conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares as provided for in Section hereof. No Conversions may occur (i)
initially, until Exchange Approval is obtained and (ii) thereafter, until the Corporation has obtained Stockholder Approval, that would
result in such number of Conversion Shares being issued that would, in the aggregate, exceed the Exchange Cap. "Conversion Amount"
means such amount as determined by (i) multiplying the number of shares (including any fraction of a share) of Series B Preferred Stock
to be converted pursuant to a Conversion Notice by the Stated Value, and (ii) adding to the result all accrued and accumulated and unpaid
dividends on such shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted. "Conversion Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6(b)(i) hereof. "Conversion Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d)(i) hereof. "Conversion Price"
means the greater of (i) $0.40 per share (the "Floor Price"), which Floor Price shall not be adjusted for stock dividends,
stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions and (ii) the lesser of a 25% discount to the Corporation's lowest VWAP
on any Trading Day during the five Trading Days immediately prior to (A) the closing of the Agreement or (B) the date of conversion into
shares of Common Stock, but not greater than $10.00 per share (the "Maximum Price"), which Maximum Price shall be adjusted
for stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions. "Conversion Shares" means the shares
of Common Stock into which the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted pursuant to Section 6 hereof. "Date of Issuance"
means, for any share of Series B Preferred Stock, the date on which the Corporation initially issues such share (without regard to any
subsequent transfer of such share or reissuance of the certificate(s) representing such share). "Exchange Act" means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, all as in effect at the time. "Exchange
Approval" means approval of the Principal Market to authorize the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock with full conversion
and voting rights pursuant to Rule 713 of the Principal Market. "Exchange Cap" shall mean that number of shares of Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents issuable as Conversion Shares to the extent that after giving effect thereto, the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock that would be issued as well as permitted to vote or be converted pursuant to this Certificate would not exceed 19.99%
of the Corporation's outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date of execution of the Agreement. "Exempt Issuance" means
the issuance of (i) shares of Common Stock, restricted stock units or stock options (and Common Stock issued upon exercise of such securities)
to employees, officers, consultants, advisors or directors of the Corporation in consideration of services to the Corporation pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the
members of a committee of directors established for such purpose, not to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding on the Execution Date, (ii) the Issuable Shares issued hereunder and any Common Stock or other securities issued upon
the conversion, exercise, or exchange of any Issuable Shares issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for
or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not
been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise, exchange or conversion
price of such securities, (iii) shares of Common Stock issued upon any anti-dilution adjustment to Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents
held by current unaffiliated security holders as of the date of this Agreement, provided that such anti-dilution adjustments are made
pursuant to instruments or binding agreements issued and outstanding or in force as of the date of this Agreement and that such instruments
or agreements have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to provide for new or additional anti-dilution rights or to increase
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon any required anti-dilution adjustment, (iv) securities issued pursuant to any merger,
acquisition, asset purchase or similar transaction approved by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof, provided
that any such issuance shall only be to a Person or Persons (or to the equity holders of a Person or Persons) which is, itself or through
its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Corporation, but shall
not include a transaction in which the Corporation is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity
whose primary business is investing in securities, (v) securities issued pursuant to any purchase money equipment loan, capital leasing
arrangement or debt financing from a commercial bank or similar financial institution and (vi) shares of Common Stock issuable as set
forth on Schedule I to the Agreement. "Holder" or "Holders" shall mean each holder of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock. "Junior Securities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4 hereof. "Majority Holders" means any Holder(s)
of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock. "Parity Securities" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4 hereof. "Person" means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a limited liability company,
an unincorporated business organization, a trust or other entity or organization, and any government or political subdivision or any
agency or instrumentality thereof. "PIK Dividend" means a dividend accrued on each share of Series B Preferred Stock and paid
in shares (including fractional shares) of Series B Preferred Stock. "PIK Dividend Shares" means the shares (including fractional
shares) of Series B Preferred Stock paid and issued in connection with a PIK Dividend. "Principal Market" means the NYSE American,
LLC. "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder,
all as in effect at the time. "Senior Securities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4 hereof. "Stockholder Approval"
means the approval by its stockholders to authorize the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock with full conversion and voting rights
pursuant to Rule 713 of the Principal Market. "Stated Value" means $1,000.00 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (as adjusted
for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, or similar transaction with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock). "Subsidiary"
or "Subsidiaries" of any Person means (i) any corporation with respect to which more than 50% of the issued and outstanding
voting equity interests of such corporation is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person
and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership or limited liability
company in which such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person shall have an interest (whether in the form of voting or
participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50% or of which any such Person is a general partner or may exercise the
powers of a general partner. "Trading Day" means a day on which the Principal Market is open for trading. "Trading Market"
means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the
NYSE American, LLC, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
or any level of the OTC Markets operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or any successors to any of the foregoing). VWAP" means, for
any security as of any period, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the principal securities exchange or securities
market on which such security is then traded during the period beginning on the first day of the period at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time,
and ending on the last day of the period at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its "Volume at Price"
function or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market
on the electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning on the first day of the period at 9:30:01 a.m., New York
time, and ending on the last day of the period at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted
average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest Closing Bid Price and the lowest
closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in the "pink sheets" by OTC Markets Group Inc,
(formerly Pink Sheets LLC). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of
such security on such dates shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Corporation and the Holder. If the Corporation
and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with
the procedures in Section 6(j). All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, reverse
stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period. Section 3. Dividends. (a) Dividend
Rate. Holders of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board, out of funds legally
available for the payment of dividends, other than as set forth in Section 3(d) below, cumulative cash dividends at an annual rate of
15%, payable quarterly in arrears on the Stated Value together with any accrued but unpaid dividends (the "Dividend Rate").
The Dividend Rate shall accrue from, and including, the Date of Issuance, for as long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain
issued and outstanding. (b) Dividend Amount. With respect to each share of Series B Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, the PIK Dividend Shares), from the Dividend Payment Date of such share, dividends shall accrue on each share
of Series B Preferred Stock, in an amount for each share of Series B Preferred Stock, equal to the Dividend Rate times the Stated Value
(compounded as provided for immediately below, including with respect to any accrued and unpaid dividends) (such per share amount, as
applicable, the "Dividend Amount") during each quarterly period following the applicable Dividend Record Date. All Dividend
Amounts paid in cash or elected to be paid as PIK Dividend Shares shall be compounded as applicable. (c) Dividend Payment Date; Dividend
Record Date. Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock shall accrue daily and be cumulative until paid from, and including, the date
of the Date of Issuance and shall be payable quarterly on the Fifth (5th) day following the last day of each fiscal quarter (each such
payment date, a "Dividend Payment Date," and each such quarterly period, a "Dividend Period"); provided that if any
Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the dividend that would otherwise have been payable on that Dividend Payment Date may
be paid on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so payable
for the period from and after that Dividend Payment Date to that next succeeding Business Day. The first dividend on the Series B Preferred
Stock is scheduled to be paid on the fifth day of the next calendar quarter after the Date of Issuance, which for the first Dividend
Period shall be appropriately pro-rated, to the persons who are the holders of record of the Series B Preferred Stock at the close of
business on the corresponding record date. Any dividend payable on the Series B Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any
partial Dividend Period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of four 90-day quarters. Dividends will be payable
to holders of record as they appear in the Corporation's stock records for the Series B Preferred Stock at the close of business on the
applicable record date, which shall be the last day of the calendar quarter, whether or not a Business Day, in which the applicable Dividend
Payment Date falls (each, a "Dividend Record Date"). (d) PIK Dividend. For a period commencing on the Date of Issuance and
continuing for two (2) years thereafter, the Dividend Amount shall be paid in either PIK Dividend Shares or cash, in the Corporation's
sole discretion, subject to Section 3(e) of this Certificate. The Dividend Amount shall be automatically declared and the applicable
Dividend Amount automatically paid to the Holder as set forth above. For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise expressly set forth
herein, with respect to PIK Dividend Shares, the Dividend Payment Date of such shares shall be the Date of Issuance of such shares for
all purposes hereunder. All Dividend Amounts payable with respect to the Holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be paid, whether in
cash or in PIK Dividend Shares pursuant to this Section 3(d), pro rata to each Holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock based upon
the aggregate accrued but unpaid dividends on the shares held by each such Holder. PIK Dividend Shares issued on the applicable Dividend
Payment Date shall have an aggregate Dividend Amount on such Dividend Payment Date equal to the total Dividend Amount accrued on such
shares as of such Dividend Payment Date minus any portion thereof paid in cash pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary, the Corporation shall take all actions necessary for all PIK Dividend Shares to be duly authorized and validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, and issued free and clear of all liens, mortgages, security interests, pledges, deposits, restrictions
or other encumbrances, on each Dividend Payment Date. The Corporation shall update its books and records to reflect the issuance of any
PIK Dividend Shares promptly following each Dividend Payment Date, and at the request of any Holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock,
shall deliver to such Holder a copy of such books and records reflecting the issuance of such PIK Dividend Shares; provided, however,
that the failure of the Corporation to comply with the terms of this sentence shall not in any way affect the issuance of such PIK Dividend
Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. (e) Limiting Documents. No dividends on shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be authorized
by the Board or paid or set apart for payment by the Corporation at any time when the payment thereof would be unlawful under the laws
of the State of Delaware or when the terms and provisions of any agreement of the Corporation, including any agreement relating to the
Corporation's indebtedness (the "Limiting Documents"), prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof
or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the Limiting Documents or
a default under the Limiting Documents, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment shall be restricted or prohibited
by law. Dividend Accrual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock will accrue regardless of whether
(i) the Corporation has earnings; (ii) there are funds legally available for the payment of such dividends; or (iii) such dividends are
declared by the Board. No interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the
Series B Preferred Stock which may be in arrears, and holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in
excess of full cumulative dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series B Preferred Stock shall first be credited
against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares. (g) Pro Rata Dividends. When dividends are not
paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series B Preferred Stock and the shares of any
other series of Preferred Stock that the Corporation may issue ranking on parity as to dividends with the Series B Preferred Stock, all
dividends declared upon the Series B Preferred Stock and any other series of Preferred Stock ranking on parity that the Corporation may
issue as to dividends with the Series B Preferred Stock shall be declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share
of Series B Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock that the Corporation may issue shall in all cases bear to each other
the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series B Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock that the Corporation
may issue (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior Dividend Periods if such Preferred Stock does
not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of
any dividend payment or payments on the Series B Preferred Stock which may be in arrears. Payment of Accrued and Unpaid Dividends. Holders
of Series B Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividend in excess of all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series
B Preferred Stock as described in this Section 3. Any dividend payment made on the Series B Preferred Stock shall first be credited against
the earliest accumulated accrued and unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable at the time of such payment.
Section 4. Rank; Rights on Liquidation, Merger, Sale, etc. (a) Rank. With respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, all shares of the Series B Preferred
Stock will rank: (i) senior to all of the Corporation's Common Stock, all of the Corporation's series of preferred stock other than the
Corporation's Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and its Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the "Pari Passu Shares"),
and any other equity securities that the Corporation may issue in the future, unless the terms of such equity securities specifically
provide that such equity securities rank on parity or senior to the Series B Preferred Stock, in each case with respect to payment of
dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up ("Junior Securities"); (ii) equal to the Pari
Passu Shares and any other equity securities that the Corporation may issue in the future, the terms of which specifically provide that
such equity securities rank on par with such Series B Preferred Stock, in each case with respect to payment of dividends and distribution
of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up ("Parity Securities"); (iii) junior to all other equity securities the
Corporation issues, the terms of which specifically provide that such equity securities rank senior to the Series B Preferred Stock,
in each case with respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up ("Senior
Securities"); and (iv) junior to all of the Corporation's existing and future indebtedness. Without the prior written consent of
the Purchaser, the Corporation shall not create or issue any Senior Securities as to payment of dividends and/or distribution of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary. (b) In the event of any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation (a "Liquidation"), the Holders of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, prior
and in preference to any distribution to the holders of Junior Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount in cash equal
to the aggregate Stated Value of all shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such Holder, plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated
dividends on all such shares (whether or not declared). If upon any Liquidation, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to its stockholders are insufficient to pay all Holders of Series B Preferred Stock the full preference amount to which they shall be
entitled, the Holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall share pro rata in any distribution of assets in proportion to their applicable
full preference amounts and the Corporation shall not make or agree to make any payments to the holders of Junior Securities. Section
5. Voting Rights. (a) Quorum and Voting Power. For purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at any meeting of the stockholders
of the Corporation at which the shares of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to vote and the voting power of the shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, each Holder of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall, subsequent to the Corporation having obtained
Stockholder Approval, be entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Series
B Preferred Stock are then convertible, disregarding, for such purposes, any limitations on conversion set forth herein, provided, however,
that solely for purposes of this Section 5(a), the Voting Floor Price shall not be lower than the closing sale price of the Common Stock
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the execution date of the Agreement. For purposes of this Section 5(a), the term "Voting
Floor Price" shall mean the Corporation's closing sale price on the Trading Day immediately preceding the execution date of the
Agreement. The Voting Floor Price shall be adjusted for stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations and other similar transactions.
(b) Voting Generally. Each Holder shall be entitled to vote with holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting together as a
single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration
(whether at a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, by written action of stockholders in lieu of a meeting or otherwise), except
as provided by law or by the provisions of this Section 5(b). In any such vote, each share of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the share is convertible pursuant to Section 6 herein (as
may be limited by the Maximum Percentage set in Section 6(c)) as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there is
no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. Each Holder of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to notice of all stockholder meetings or requests for written consent (and copies of proxy materials and other information
sent to stockholder), which notice shall be provided pursuant to the Corporation's Bylaws and the DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
at no time shall the shares of Series B Preferred Stock have a per share voting power in excess of the voting power determined by the
Conversion Amount, divided by the Closing Price on the date prior to the execution of the Agreement. Section 6. Conversion of Series
B Preferred Stock. (a) Optional Conversion. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible, in whole or in part and at the option
of the Holder, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (the "Conversion Shares") determined
by dividing the Conversion Amount by the then applicable Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided
in Section 6(d) below. No conversion shall be permitted to the extent that it violates the rules of the Principal Market, including the
Exchange Cap, without Stockholder Approval. (a) Mechanics of Conversion. (i) Conversion. In order to effectuate a conversion of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to this Section 6, a Holder shall deliver (whether via facsimile or otherwise) a copy of an executed
notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I and specifying the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted
on such Conversion ate (the "Conversion Notice"). Conversion Notices delivered either: (i) after 4:00 p.m. on any Trading
Day, or (ii) on a non-Trading Day, shall be deemed delivered on the next Trading Day. The Holder shall calculate and state in the Conversion
Notice the Conversion Amount, the Conversion Price and the number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof. On or
before the first Trading Day following the date of a Conversion Notice (in each case, the "Conversion Date"), the Corporation
shall transmit to the Holder by facsimile or otherwise an acknowledgment, substantially in the form attached hereto in Exhibit I, of
receipt of such Conversion Notice, and the Corporation shall deliver to the Corporation's transfer agent ("the Transfer Agent")
an instruction to issue such shares of Common Stock as indicated in the Conversion Notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit I, such
that on or before the Conversion Date the Corporation, through its Transfer Agent, shall credit such aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's balance account with The Depository Trust Company's (the "DTC")
through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian ("DWAC") service. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon a Conversion of the Conversion Amount shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares
of Common Stock on the Conversion Date. (ii) Book-Entry. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 6, in connection
with the Conversion of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to
physically surrender to the Corporation any certificate or other instrument evidencing the of shares of Series B Preferred Stock so converted
unless (A) the full or remaining number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock represented by the certificate are being converted (in
which event such certificate(s) shall be delivered to the Corporation following Conversion thereof as contemplated by Section 6(b)(i)
hereof or (B) the Holder has provided the Corporation with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice)
requesting reissuance of a certificate or other instrument with respect to shares of Series B Preferred Stock not subject to the Conversion.
The Holder shall provide the Corporation with written partial releases relating to all Conversions of the Conversion Amount. Each of
the Holder and the Corporation shall maintain records showing the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock converted and the dates
of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Corporation, so as not to require physical
surrender of any certificate with respect to the shares of Series B Preferred Stock upon any Conversion until the full or remaining number
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock represented by such certificate has been converted. A Holder and any transferee or assignee, by
acceptance of a certificate, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of any shares
of Series B Preferred Stock, the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock represented by such certificate may be less than the number
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock stated on the face thereof. Each certificate for shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall bear
the following legend: TRANSFEREE OR ASSIGNEE OF THIS CERTIFICATE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THE CORPORATION'S CERTIFICATE OF
DESIGNATIONS RELATING TO THE SHARES OF SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, INCLUDING SECTION 6(d)(ii) THEREOF.
THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE LESS THAN THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES B PREFERRED
STOCK STATED ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 6 (d)(ii) OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS RELATING TO THE SHARES OF SERIES B PREFERRED
STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE. (iii) Issuance of Shares Not in Dispute. In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable to a Holder in connection with a Conversion or an adjustment to the number of Conversion Shares to be delivered,
the Corporation shall issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute. (b) Limitations on Conversions. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, and subject to the provisions of this Section 6(c), shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall
not be convertible by the Holder hereof into Conversion Shares, and the Corporation shall not effect any conversion of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock into Conversion Shares or otherwise issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant hereto, to the extent (but only to the
extent) that after giving effect to such Conversion or other share issuance hereunder the Holder (together with its Affiliates) would
beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the "Maximum Percentage") of the Common Stock. To the extent the above limitation applies,
the determination of whether shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible (vis-a-vis other convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
securities owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates) and of which such securities shall be convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
(as among all such securities owned by the Holder and its Affiliates) shall, subject to such Maximum Percentage limitation, be determined
on the basis of the first submission for conversion or exercise (as the case may be). The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase
or decrease the Maximum Percentage provisions of this Section 6(c), provided that the Maximum Percentage in no event exceeds 9.99% of
the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion
of the Series B Preferred Stock and the provisions of this Section 6(c) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Maximum Percentage
will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. Under no circumstances can the Maximum Percentage
limitation be amended on fewer than 61 days' notice, if, as a result of such amendment, the Maximum Percentage is amended to be above
9.99%. No prior inability to convert shares of Series B Preferred Stock, or to issue shares of Common Stock, pursuant to this paragraph
shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of convertibility.
For purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership and all determinations and calculations (including, without limitation, with respect
to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this paragraph to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Maximum Percentage beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation. For any reason at any time until the shares of Series B Preferred Stock has been converted,
upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing to the
Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding, including by virtue of any prior conversion, exchange or exercise of convertible
or exercisable securities into Common Stock, including, without limitation, shares of Series B Preferred Stock. In addition, under no
circumstances whatsoever may the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder in connection with the Conversion of
the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Agreement) at any time exceed the Exchange Cap unless the Corporation has obtained Stockholder
Approval. (c) Adjustments of the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as follows: Adjustments for Recapitalization. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a recapitalization
of the Common Stock, provision shall be made so that the Holders shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Series
B Preferred Stock the number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation or otherwise, to which a holder of
Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment
shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 6 with respect to the rights of the Holders after the recapitalization
to the end that the provisions of this Section 6 (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustments of the Conversion Price and
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock) shall be applicable after that event as
nearly equivalent as may be practicable. (ii) Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Corporation shall at any time or from
time to time after the Date of Issuance effect a subdivision of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately
before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of each
share of such series shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.
If the Corporation shall at any time or from time to time after the Date of Issuance combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
the Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately increased so that the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable on conversion of each share of such series shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any adjustment under this subsection shall become effective at the close of business on the date
the subdivision or combination becomes effective. (iii) Adjustments for Distribution. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section
6(d) hereof, in the event the Corporation shall declare a distribution payable in Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or other securities
of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or any other Persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Corporation, any Subsidiary or other
Persons, assets (or rights to acquire assets), or options, rights or other property not referred to in Section 6(e) hereof to the holders
of Common Stock, in each case whether by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash,
stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement
or other similar transaction) (each, a "Distribution"), then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 6(d), the Holders
shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such Distribution as though they were the holders of the number of shares of Common
Stock of the Corporation into which their shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible as of the record date fixed for the determination
of the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to receive such Distribution. (iv) Adjustment for Reorganization or Reclassification.
If any capital reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of the Corporation or a Change of Control Event, shall be effected
while any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding in such a manner that holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled
to receive stock, securities or assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, then, as a condition of such reorganization,
reclassification, or Change of Control Event, lawful and adequate provision shall be made whereby each Holder who has not received the
amounts to be distributed to such holder in accordance with this Certificate shall thereafter have the right to receive upon the basis
and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore receivable upon
conversion of Series B Preferred Stock, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be issued or payable with respect to or in
exchange for a number of outstanding shares of such Common Stock equal to the number of shares of such Common Stock immediately theretofore
so receivable had such reorganization, reclassification or Change of Control Event not taken place, and in such case appropriate provision
shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holders to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation,
provisions for adjustments of the Conversion Price, Conversion Rate and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series B Preferred Stock) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may be possible, in relation to any shares of stock, securities
or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock. Prior to or simultaneously with the
consummation of any such reorganization, reclassification or Change of Control Event, the survivor or successor corporation (if other
than the Corporation) resulting from such reorganization, reclassification or Change of Control Event shall assume by written instrument
executed and mailed or delivered to each Holder, the obligation to deliver to such Holders such shares of stock, securities or assets
as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such Holder may be entitled to receive, and containing the express assumption by such
successor corporation of the due and punctual performance and observance of every provision of this Certificate to be performed and observed
by the Corporation and of all liabilities and obligations of the Corporation hereunder with respect to the Series B Preferred (d) Good
Faith Assistance. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or through any reorganization,
recapitalization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Section 6 and in the taking of all such action
as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the Holders against impairment. (e) Notice of Record
Taking. In the event of any taking by the Corporation of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of determining
the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend) or other distribution, any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right,
the Corporation shall mail to each Holder, at least ten (10) days prior to the date specified therein, a notice specifying the date on
which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or right, and the amount and character of such dividend,
distribution or right. (f) Reservation of Shares. The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock,
100% of the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock (the "Required Reserve Amount"); and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to enable the Corporation to satisfy its obligation to have available for issuance upon conversion
of the Series B Preferred Stock at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount, then, in addition to
such other remedies as shall be available to the Holder, the Corporation will as promptly as reasonably practicable take all such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number
of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes, including, without limitation, using its best efforts to obtain the requisite stockholder
approval of any necessary amendment to these provisions as soon as possible. (g) Payment of Taxes. The Corporation shall pay all documentary,
stamp or other transactional taxes (exclusive of income taxes) attributable to the issuance or delivery of shares of capital stock of
the Corporation upon conversion of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be required
to pay any taxes which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of any certificate for such shares
in a name other than that of the Holder of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock in respect of which such shares are being issued. (h)
Status of Shares. All shares of Common Stock that may be issued in connection with the conversion provisions set forth herein will, upon
issuance by the Corporation, be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens or charges with respect
thereto. (i) Conversion Disputes. In the case of any dispute with respect to a Conversion, including a dispute relating to the calculation
of the Conversion Price, the Closing Price, the Conversion Amount or the number of Conversion Shares to be issued in a Conversion, the
Corporation shall promptly issue such number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 6(d)(iii) above as are not disputed.
If such dispute is not promptly resolved by discussion between the relevant Holder and the Corporation, the Corporation shall submit
the disputed calculations to an independent outside accountant via facsimile within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of notice of such
dispute. The accountant, at the Corporation's sole expense, shall promptly audit the calculations and notify the Corporation and the
holder of the results no later than ten (10) Business Days from the date it receives the disputed calculations. The accountant's calculation
shall be deemed conclusive, absent manifest error. The Corporation shall then issue the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock
in accordance with subparagraph (c) above. If the accountant determines the Corporation's calculations are correct, the holder shall
reimburse the Corporation for the accountant's expense. Section 7. Record Holders. The Corporation and its transfer agent shall deem
and treat the record Holder of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither
the Corporation nor its transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Section 8. Notice. Any notice required by the
provisions herein to be given to the Holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be deemed given upon hand delivery, one (1)
Business Day after the notice is sent by overnight courier or three (3) Business Days after the notice is deposited in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his address appearing on the stock books of the Corporation. The Corporation
shall provide each Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations,
including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Corporation shall give written notice to each Holder (i) promptly following any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth
in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least ten (10) days prior to the date on which the
Corporation closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with respect
to any grant, issuances, or sales of any Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents, assets or other property to all holders of shares of
Common Stock as a class or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any matter on which the holders of Common Stock shall have
the right to vote. Section 9. Cancellation of Series B Preferred Stock. In the event any shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be
converted pursuant to Section 6 or otherwise reacquired by the Corporation, the shares so converted or reacquired shall be canceled and
may not be reissued. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation may be appropriately amended from time to time to effect the
corresponding reduction in the Corporation's authorized capital stock. Section 10. Negative Covenants. Except as otherwise permitted
by this Certificate, until the later to occur of (i) the Purchaser no longer having any current, future, or continuing obligation to
pay any Tranche Purchase Prices under the Agreement, and (ii) the time when Purchaser shall hold no fewer than Ten Thousand (10,000)
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, without the affirmative consent or approval of the Purchaser, the Corporation shall not, whether
directly or indirectly, by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise, and shall not permit any Subsidiary, to: (a) issue any additional
shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued on the Date of Issuance other than dividends payable, if any, to the Holders of such shares
or increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock; (b) except for any Exempt Issuances or other issuances
that the Corporation is obligated to issue to third parties as of the Date of Issuance, issue any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents; (c) set aside assets for a sinking or other similar fund for the purchase, redemption, or retirement of, or redeem, purchase,
retire, or otherwise acquire any shares of the Common Stock or of any other capital stock of the Corporation, whether now or hereafter
outstanding, except as permitted by Section 5(b); (d) make or declare, directly or indirectly, any dividend (in cash, stock, return of
capital, or any other form of assets) on, or make any other payment or distribution on account of Common Stock or of any other capital
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether now or hereafter outstanding, except that the Corporation shall have the power to
issue stock dividends payable in shares of Common Stock, unless the Corporation pays a corresponding dividend to the Holders on an "as-if-converted"
basis; (e) reclassify the shares of Common Stock or any other shares or any class or series of capital stock hereafter created junior
to the Series B Preferred Stock into shares of any class or series of capital stock (A) ranking, either as to payment of dividends, distribution
of assets or redemptions, senior to or pari passu with the Series B Preferred Stock, or (B) which in any manner adversely affects the
Holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock; (f) invest in, purchase or acquire, directly or indirectly, in one or a series of related
transactions, any assets or capital stock of any Person other than a Subsidiary, wherein the aggregate purchase price or other consideration
payable for such assets or capital stock shall exceed $500,000 in any one transaction or $2,000,000, in the aggregate, except in connection
with the development of the Michigan data center; except in connection with indebtedness existing as at the date of this Certificate,
purchase money indebtedness or capital leases, incur indebtedness for borrowed money, or guaranty the obligations of any other Person,
in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding in excess of $500,000 in any one transaction or $2,000,000, in the aggregate, except in
connection with the development of the Michigan data center; (h) permit Liens to exist on its assets and properties, other than Permitted
Liens (as defined in the Agreement), in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding in excess of $500,000 in any individual transaction
or $2,000,000 in the aggregate, except in connection with the development of the Michigan data center; sell, lease, transfer or dispose
of any of its properties having a value calculated in accordance with GAAP of more than $500,000 (other than sales of assets to customers
in the ordinary course of business), waive or release any rights of material value, or cancel, compromise, release or assign any indebtedness
owed to it or any claims held by it in each case having a value calculated in accordance with GAAP of more than $2,000,000; enter into
any transaction that would constitute a Change of Control Event; (k) whether or not prohibited by the terms of the Certificate of Designation,
circumvent a right or preference of the Series B Preferred Stock; (1) alter, amend, modify or repeal the Certificate of Incorporation
in any way that adversely affects the rights of the Holders of Series B Preferred Stock; or (m) enter into an agreement to do any of
the things described in clauses (a) through (1) of this Section 10. Section 11. Sinking Fund. The Series B Preferred Stock shall not
be entitled to the benefits of any retirement or sinking fund. Section 12. Waiver. Any right or privilege of the Series B Preferred Stock
may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) by and only by the written consent
of the Corporation and the Majority Holders and any such waiver shall be binding upon each holder of Series B Preferred Stock or other
securities exercisable for or convertible into Series B Preferred Stock. No failure or delay on the part of a Holder in the exercise
of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power,
right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. Section 13. Lost or Stolen Certificates.
Upon receipt by the Corporation of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of any certificates representing Series B Preferred Stock (as to which a written certification and indemnification shall suffice as such
evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of an indemnification undertaking by the applicable Holder to the Corporation
in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of the certificate(s), the Corporation
shall execute and deliver new certificate(s) of like tenor and date. Section 14. Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches
and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Certificate of Designations shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies
available under this Certificate of Designations or by contract, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or
other injunctive relief), and no remedy contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of compliance with the provisions giving rise to such
remedy. Nothing herein shall limit any Holder's right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Corporation to
comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designations. The Corporation covenants to each Holder that there shall be no characterization
concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments,
conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by a Holder and shall not, except as expressly
provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Corporation (or the performance thereof). The Corporation acknowledges that
a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holders and that the remedy at law for any such breach
may be inadequate. The Corporation therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, each Holder shall be
entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
The Corporation shall provide all information and documentation to a Holder that is requested by such Holder to enable such Holder to
confirm the Corporation's compliance with the terms and conditions of this Certificate of Designations. Section 15. Non-circumvention.
The Corporation hereby covenants and agrees that the Corporation will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or
through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Certificate of Designations,
and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate of Designations and take all action as may be required
to protect the rights of the Holders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Certificate of
Designations, the Corporation (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the conversion of any
shares of Series B Preferred Stock above the Stated Value then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate
in order that the Corporation may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion
of Series B Preferred Stock and (iii) shall, so long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, take all action necessary
to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion
of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Required Reserve Amount. Section 16. Transfer of Series B Preferred Stock. A Holder may transfer
some or all of its shares of Series B Preferred Stock without the consent of the Corporation. Any such transfer shall comply with all
applicable securities laws. Section 17. Register. The Corporation shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office
or agency of the Corporation as it may designate by notice to the Holders), a register for the shares of Series B Preferred Stock, in
which the Corporation shall record the name, address and facsimile number of the Persons in whose name the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock have been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee. The Corporation may treat the Person in whose name any shares
of Series B Preferred Stock is registered on the register as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice
to the contrary, but in all events recognizing any properly made transfers. Section 18. Amendment. This Certificate of Designations or
any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or by written consent
without a meeting in accordance with the DGCL, of the Majority Holders, voting separately as a single class, and with such other stockholder
approval, if any, as may then be required pursuant to the DGCL and the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Section
19. Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate
of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain
applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the
maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. Section 20. Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder
shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. Section 21. Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. [Signature Page Follows] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Hyperscale Data, Inc. has caused
this Certificate of Designations to be signed by the undersigned as of the date first written above. HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. By: /s/ Henry
Nisser Name: Henry Nisser Title: President [Signature Page to Series B Certificate of Designation] EXHIBIT I CONVERSION NOTICE Reference
is made to (a) that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025 (the "Agreement"), by and between Si
C Lending, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Hyperscale Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation"),
(b) that certain Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Certificate")
and (c) certain Conversion Amount (as defined in the Agreement and the Certificate) issued by the Corporation and outstanding as of the
date hereof. In accordance with and pursuant to the Agreement and the Certificate, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion
Amount (as defined in the Certificate) indicated below into shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the
"Common Stock"), at the Conversion Price (as defined in the Agreement and the Certificate, as of the date specified below).
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Certificate. Date of this Conversion Notice: Date of
Conversion (the date that is one Business Day after the date of this Conversion Notice): Number of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock
to be Converted: Stated Value of Each Share of Series B Preferred Stock: Accrued and Accumulated and Unpaid Dividends on such Shares:
Aggregate Conversion Amount: Conversion Price: Aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the undersigned on the Date
of Conversion (Aggregate Conversion Amount divided by the Conversion Price): SJC LENDING, LLC By: Name: Title: -5 ACKNOWLEDGMENT Hyperscale
Data, Inc. hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice and hereby directs Computershare Trust Company, N.A., to issue the above indicated
number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated [ from the Corporation and acknowledged and
agreed to by Computershare Trust Company, N.A. HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. By: Name: William B. Home Title: Chief Executive Officer 12825242-5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>gpus-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gpus-20250401_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gpus-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gpus-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex31-001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex31-002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex31-003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex31-004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex31-005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex31-006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex31-007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex31-008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex31-009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex31-010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex31-011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex31-012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex31-013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex31-014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex31-015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex31-016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-12711

Entity Registrant Name HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000896493

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-1721931

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 240

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89141

City Area Code (949)

Local Phone Number 444-5464

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol GPUS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security 13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol GPUS PD

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GPUS_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GPUS_Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://GPUS/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gpus-20250401.xsd 
gpus-20250401_def.xml 
gpus-20250401_lab.xml 
gpus-20250401_pre.xml 
p3312508k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>0001214659-25-005116-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>p3312508k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000896493 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0000896493 

GPUS:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0000896493 

GPUS:Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0000896493 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 
DE 
001-12711 
94-1721931 
11411 Southern Highlands Parkway 
Suite 240 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89141 
(949) 
444-5464 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
GPUS 
NYSE 
13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
GPUS PD 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>