<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-008720.txt : 20250203
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-008720.hdr.sgml : 20250203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250203172629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-008720
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250128
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FG Merger II Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001906364
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42493
		FILM NUMBER:		25583885

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 S. WALNUT STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1A
		CITY:			ITASCA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60143
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-773-1665

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 S. WALNUT STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1A
		CITY:			ITASCA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60143
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
United
States

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form
8-K

Current
Report 

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

February
3, 2025 (January 28, 2025)

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

FG
Merger II Corp.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Nevada 001-42493 86-2579471

(State
or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (I.R.S.
Employer 

Identification No.)

104
S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A,

Itasca,
IL 60143

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code) 

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (847) 773-1665

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock FGMC THE
NASDAQ STOCK MARKET LLC

Rights FGMCR THE
NASDAQ STOCK MARKET LLC

Units FGMCU THE
NASDAQ STOCK MARKET LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company x

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 30, 2025, FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) consummated its initial public offering (the IPO) of 8,000,000
units (the Units). Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $80,000,000. The Company granted the underwriters
a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any.

Of
the net proceeds of the IPO, including the exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Securities (as
defined below), $80,800,000 has been deposited into a U.S. based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may
be released to the Company (i) to pay its franchise and income tax obligations and (ii) for working capital purposes (not to exceed $1,000,000
annually), the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Securities held in the trust account will not be released
from the trust account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of the Companys initial business combination (including
the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith),
(b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Articles
of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Companys public
shares if the Company does not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (c) the redemption
of the Companys public shares if the Company is unable to complete its business combination within 24 months from the closing
of the IPO, subject to applicable law.

In
connection with the IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements, the terms of which were previously described in the Companys
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 275155) related to the IPO, originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on January 21, 2025 (as amended, the Registration Statement):

An
Underwriting Agreement, dated January 28, 2025 by and between the Company and ThinkEquity
LLC, as representative of the several underwriters, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit
1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Warrant Agreement, dated January 30, 2025 (the Warrant Agreement), by and between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, a
copy of which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Letter Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and among the Company and its officers, directors,
FG Merger Investors II LLC (the Sponsor) and Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind, a
copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An
Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as trustee, a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A
Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and among the Company and certain
security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

An
Administrative Services Agreement , dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and
the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 and incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnity
Agreements, dated as of January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the officers
and directors of the Company, copies of which are attached as Exhibit 10.5 and incorporated
herein by reference.

A
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company
and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 and incorporated herein by reference.

A
$15 Exercise Price Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, between the Registrant
and FG Merger Investors LLC, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.7 and incorporated
herein by reference.

A
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company
and Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.8 and incorporated
herein by reference.

Promissory
Note issued to FG Merger Investors II LLC,
a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.8 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Rights Agreement, dated January 28,
2025, by and between FG Merger II Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit
10.9 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated private placements (the Private Placements) in which (i) the Sponsor
and Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind, the Chief Executive Officer of ThinkEquity LLC, purchased 223,300 units and 25,000 units (collectively,
the Private Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, and (ii) the Sponsor purchased 1,000,000 warrants ($15
Exercise Price Warrants and, together with the Private Units, the Private Placement Securities) at a price of $0.10
per warrant, each exercisable to purchase one share of Common Stock at $15.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,583,000.

The
Private Units are otherwise identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Units are subject to transfer restrictions.
Each $15 Exercise Price Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of $15.00 per share at
any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO and 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial
business combination, provided the terms set forth in the Warrant Agreement are satisfied. The $15 Exercise Price Warrants are non-redeemable
and may be exercised on a cashless basis. The Private Placement Securities may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial business combination. The Sponsor was
granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Placement Securities.

The
Private Placement Securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did
not involve a public offering.

As
of January 30, 2025, a total of $80,800,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placements were deposited in a trust account
established for the benefit of the Companys public stockholders.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws

On
January 28, 2025, in connection with the IPO, the Company filed its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary
of State. The terms of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are set forth in the Registration Statement and are incorporated
herein by reference. A copy of the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto,
and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
7.01 Other Events.

On
January 28, 2025, the Company issued the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, announcing the pricing of the IPO.

On
January 30, 2025, the Company issued the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2, announcing the closing of the IPO.

The
information in this Item 7.01 (including the exhibits) shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section,
and is not incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. On February 3, 2025, the Company issued
the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2, announcing closing of fully-exercised over-allotment option in connection with its
IPO.

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Underwriting
Agreement, dated January 28, 2025 by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, as representative of the several underwriters 

3.1 Amended
& Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company 

4.1 Warrant
Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC

10.1 Letter
Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and among the Company and its officers, directors, and the Sponsor 

10.2 Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
LLC

10.3 Registration
Rights Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and among the Registrant and certain security holders

10.4 Administrative
Services Agreement , dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Registrant and the Sponsor

10.5 Indemnity
Agreements, each dated as of January 28, 2025, by and between the Registrant and each of the officers and directors of the Registrant

10.6 Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor

10.7 $15
Exercise Price Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, between the Registrant and FG Merger Investors LLC

10.8 Promissory Note issued to Sponsor, dated January 28, 2025.

10.9 Rights Agreement, dated January 28, 2025, by and between FG Merger
II Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

99.1 Press
Release dated January 28, 2025

99.2 Press
Release dated January 30, 2025

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
February 3, 2025

FG
MERGER II CORP.

By:
/s/
Hassan R. Baqar 

Name:
Hassan
R. Baqar 

Title: Chief
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

FG MERGER II CORP.

and

THINKEQUITY LLC

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

Dated: January 28, 2025

FG MERGER II CORP.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

January 28, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 22nd Floor

New York, New York 10004

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, FG Merger
II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with ThinkEquity LLC (the Representative)
and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representative is acting as representative
(the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each
underwriter individually, an Underwriter) as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1Firm Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase
of Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein
set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company, severally
and not jointly, an aggregate of 8,000,000 units (the Firm Units) of the Company, as set forth opposite the respective
names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions) of an aggregate of $750,000
or approximately $9.906 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at
the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one share of common stock, $0.0001 par value, of the Company (the
Common Stock), and one rights (the Rights) to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common
Stock upon the consummation by the Company of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or
similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination). The Common Stock and the Rights
included in the Firm Units will trade separately on the fifty second (52nd) day following the date hereof unless the Representative determines
to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Common Stock and the Rights
included in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the proceeds of the Offering
and the Private Placements (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company
receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (defined below) if such option is exercised prior to the filing of such Current
Report on Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K and issued a press release announcing
when such separate trading will begin.

1.1.2 Payment
and Delivery. (1) Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second (2nd) Business
Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Units (as defined below), or at such earlier time as shall be agreed
upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Blank Rome LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (Blank Rome),
or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic
transmission). The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units is called the Closing Date. Payment for
the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $80,800,000 of the
proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and Private Placements (as defined in Section 1.4.2) shall be deposited in
the trust account (Trust Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined
below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management
Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (CST).
The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall
be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of the Firm Units in book-entry form through the facilities of
the Depository Trust Company (DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such
name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior
to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the
Representative for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term Public Stockholders means the holders of shares of
Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (defined below) to the extent
it acquires such shares of Common Stock in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such shares of Common Stock). Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies
are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York City; provided, however, for clarification, banking institutions or trust companies
shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in New York City are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2Over-Allotment Option.

2

1.2.1 Option
Units. The Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional
1,200,000 units (the Option Units), the gross proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account, for the purposes
of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in
all respects to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several Underwriters in the same proportion
as the number of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A hereto, bears to the total number of
Firm Units (subject to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions) at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions)
of $0.10 per Option Unit. The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units,
and the Units, the Common Stock and the Rights included in the Units, and the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Rights are
hereinafter referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless
the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion
thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon
notice by the Representative to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be $10.00 per Option Unit. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Underwriters are not entitled to receive any discounts or commissions on the Option Units purchased by them.

1.2.2 Exercise
of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to
all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within 45 days after the effective date (Effective Date)
of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase
any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the
giving of oral notice to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing in accordance with Section 10.1
herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units
(each such date, an Option Closing Date), which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date
of the notice or such other time and in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices
of Blank Rome or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the
Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing
Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the
Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number
of Option Units specified in such notice.

1.2.3 Payment
and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable as follows: $10.00 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the
Representative of the Option Units in book-entry form through the facilities of DTC for the account of the Representative. The Option
Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative requests in writing not less than
two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be. The Company shall not be obligated
to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for the applicable Option Units.

3

1.3Representatives Securities.

1.3.1 Units.
As additional consideration, the Company hereby agrees to issue to the Representative (and/or its designees) an aggregate of 40,000 (or
up to 46,000 Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) Units (the Representatives Units). The
Representatives Units are identical to the Firm Units, except that the Representatives Units will be purchased in a private
placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act) and will not become freely
tradable until after certain conditions are met or the resale of such Representative Units is registered under the Act. The Representatives
Units, the Common Stock included in the Representatives Units (the Representatives Shares) and the
Rights included in the Representatives Units (the Representatives Rights) and the Common Stock issuable
pursuant to the terms of the Representatives Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Representatives
Securities.

1.3.2 Transfer
and other Restrictions. The Representative hereby agrees not to transfer, assign or sell any such Representatives Securities
until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, the Representative hereby agrees (i) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to the Representatives Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination (ii) waive
their redemption rights with respect to the Representatives Shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination within 24 months from
the closing of the Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the Representatives
Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Offering. The Representatives
will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate the Representatives Shares, or cause the Representatives Shares to
be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition
of the Representatives Shares by any person, for a period of 180 days (pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of the Conduct Rules of FINRA)
following the Effective Date to anyone other than (i) the Representative or an underwriter or selected dealer in connection with the Offering,
(ii) a bona fide officer, partner, registered person or affiliate of the Representative or of any such underwriter or selected dealer
or (iii) the issuer in a transaction exempt from registration with the Commission. On and after the 181st day following the Effective
Date, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. The Representative further
agrees to vote in favor of any initial Business Combination presented to the Companys stockholders.

4

1.3.3 Delivery
and Payment. Delivery and payment for the Representatives Units shall be made on the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date,
as applicable. On such date, the Company shall deliver to the Representative or its designees upon payment therefor, the Representatives
Units in book-entry form in the name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request.

1.3.4 Representations
and Warranties of the Underwriters. The Representative, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

1.3.4.1 Accredited
Investor. It is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 (a) of Regulation D under the Act, and acknowledges
that the sale contemplated hereby is being made in reliance, among other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited
investors under the Act and similar exemptions under state law.

1.3.4.2 Intent.
It is purchasing the Representatives Units solely for investment purposes, for its own account (and/or for the account or benefit
of its members or affiliates, as permitted, pursuant to the terms hereof), and not with a view to the distribution thereof in violation
of the Act and it has no present arrangement to sell the Representatives Securities to or through any person or entity except as
may be permitted hereunder. It shall not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Representatives Securities unless in
compliance with the Act.

1.3.4.3 Restrictions
on Transfer. It acknowledges and understands that the Representatives Units are being offered in a transaction not involving
a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Act. The Representatives Securities have not been registered under
the Act and, if in the future it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Representatives Securities, such Representatives
Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under
the Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Act, if available, or (C) pursuant to any
other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable Representatives
Securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it acknowledges and understands that the Representatives
Securities are subject to transfer restrictions as described in Section 1.3.2 hereof. It agrees that if any transfer of its Representatives
Securities or any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, it may be required to deliver
to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company with respect to such transfer. Absent registration or another available
exemption from registration, it agrees that it will not resell the Representatives Securities (unless otherwise permitted pursuant
to the terms hereof). It further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to it for the
resale of the Representatives Securities until the one year anniversary following consummation of the initial Business Combination
of the Company, despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

5

1.3.4.4 Sophisticated
Investor.

(a) It (a) has
such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits, risks and
benefits of the investment in the Representatives Securities and (b) has been granted the opportunity to ask questions of, and
receive satisfactory answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the Companys business affairs and financial condition
and the terms and conditions of the investment in the Representatives Securities and has had the opportunity to obtain and has
obtained any additional information which it deems necessary regarding such purchase.

(b)It
is aware that an investment in the Representatives Securities is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks because,
among other things, (a) the Representatives Securities are subject to transfer restrictions and have not been registered
under the Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Act or an exemption from such registration is
available and (b) each of the Underwriters has waived its redemption rights with respect to the Representatives Shares as set
forth in Section 1.3.2 hereof, and the Representatives Shares held by it are not entitled to, and have no right, interest or
claim to any monies held in the Trust Account, and accordingly it may suffer a loss of a portion or all of its investment in the
Representatives Securities. It is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Representatives Securities
for an indefinite period of time.

1.3.4.5 No Legal
Advice from Company. It acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors.
Except for any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties
hereto, it is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives
or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
securities laws of any jurisdiction.

6

1.3.4.6 Reliance
on Representations and Warranties. It understands the Representatives Units are being offered and sold to Representative in
reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements under the Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various
states, and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of its representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

1.3.4.7 No General
Solicitation. It is not subscribing for the Representatives Units as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation
or general advertising, including but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper,
magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting or in a registration statement
with respect to the Offering filed with the Commission.

1.3.4.8 Legend.
It acknowledges and agrees the certificates (if any) evidencing each of the Representatives Securities shall bear a restrictive
legend, in form and substance substantially as set forth in Section 1.3.5 hereof.

1.3.5 Legend.
The certificates (if any) evidencing the Representatives Securities will bear the following restrictive legend (the Legend)
and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THIS CORPORATION, IS AVAILABLE.

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO LOCKUP PURSUANT TO AN UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT BETWEEN FG MERGER CORP. (THE CORPORATION), AND THINKEQUITY
LLC AND MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED DURING THE TERM OF THE LOCKUP PURSUANT TO THE TERMS SET
FORTH IN THE UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT.

7

1.4Private Placements and Advisor Securities.

1.4.1 Founder
Shares. On October 6, 2023, the Company issued to FG Merger Investors II LLC (the Sponsor) for an aggregate consideration
of $25,000, 2,156,250 shares of Common Stock in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. On August
21, 2024, the Company issued a dividend of approximately 0.07 shares of Common Stock for every issued and outstanding share, vesting in
an aggregate of 2,300,000 shares of Common Stock (the Founder Shares). No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement
fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. In October 2023, August 2024 and January 2025, the
Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 835,000 Founder Shares to Fundamental Global Inc., Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind (Mr. Jaigobind)
and members of the Companys management, board of directors and several advisors (such individuals, together with the Sponsor, are
referred to herein as the initial stockholders). Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Founder Shares
may not be sold, assigned or transferred by the initial stockholders until (x) with respect to 50% of the Founder Shares, the earlier
of: (i) twelve months after the consummation of the Business Combination; or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Common Stock
exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing after the consummation of the Business Combination; and (y) with respect to the remaining
50% of the Founder Shares, twelve months after the consummation of the Business Combination, provided that all of the Founder Shares may
be sold, assigned or transferred on the date following a Business Combination on which the Company consummates a transaction which results
in all of the Companys stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property. The holders
of Founder Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event
the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect
to the Founder Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind have agreed
to forfeit, on a pro-rata basis, such number of Founder Shares (up to 300,000 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding
will comprise 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the
Over-allotment Option (excluding the shares of Common Stock underlying the Representatives Units) and the Private Placement Shares
and the Private Placement Rights.

1.4.2 Private
Placements. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, (x) the Sponsor will purchase from the Company pursuant to the $15 Exercise Price
Warrants Purchase Agreement, an aggregate of 1,000,000 (the $15 Exercise Price Warrants) at a purchase price of $0.10
per $15 Exercise Price Warrant, and (y) the Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind will purchase 223,300 units and 25,000 units, respectively (collectively,
the Private Units), each Private Units consisting of one share of Common Stock (the Private Placement Shares
and together with the $15 Exercise Price Warrants, the Private Units and the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement
Securities) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon the consummation of the Companys
internal Business Combination (the Private Rights ) in private placements intended to be exempt from registration
under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The private placements described in this Section 1.4.2 are referred to herein as
the Private Placements. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of the Private Placement Units, $15
Exercise Price Private Placement Shares, Rights or Private Rights (or shares of Common Stock underlying the $15 Exercise Price Private
Placement Rights) may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind or their permitted transferees until thirty (30)
days after consummation of a Business Combination. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placements will be deposited
into the Trust Account.

8

1.4.3 Advisor
Securities. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Company will issue to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and/or its designees an aggregate
of 7,500 units (the Advisor Units), each Advisor Unit shall be identical to the Firm Units and shall consist of one
share of Common Stock (the Advisor Shares) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon
the consummation of the Companys internal Business Combination (the Advisor Rights), except that the Advisor
Units shall be issued in a private transaction exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. Except as
described in the Registration Statement, none of the Advisor Rights (or shares of Common Stock underlying the Advisor Rights) may be sold,
assigned or transferred by EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. or its permitted transferees until thirty (30) days after consummation of a Business
Combination.

1.4.4 The Private
Units. The Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Rights and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Private
Placement Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Private Placement Rights. The Advisor Units, the
Advisor Shares, the Advisor Rights and the shares of Common Stock exercisable upon conversion of the Advisor Rights are hereinafter referred
to collectively as the Advisor Securities. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or
will be payable in connection with the Private Placement Securities and the Advisor Securities. The Public Securities, the Representatives
Securities, the Advisor Securities, the Private Placement Securities, and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively
as the Securities.

1.5Working Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering and the Private Placements, it is intended that approximately $341,500
($101,500 if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) of the proceeds of such offerings will be held by the Company outside of
the Trust Account and used to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

9

1.6Interest Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation,
interest earned on the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
to pay any taxes incurred by the Company, up to $1,000,000 annually for working capital purposes and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses,
all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below). 

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company
represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant
to the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-l
(File No. 333-275155, including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including any prospectus
that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement), for the registration
of the Units under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with
the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. The
conditions for use of Form S-l to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to such Form, have been
satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time
the registration statement becomes effective (including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents
filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A
of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated
the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted
to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Time of
Sale, as used in the Act, means 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the
Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on October 24, 2023, for distribution
by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus).
If the Company has filed, or is required pursuant to the terms hereof to file, a Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Act registering additional securities (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), then, unless otherwise specified,
any reference herein to the term Registration Statement shall be deemed to include such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.
Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, which, if filed, becomes effective upon filing, no other document with respect to the
Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. All of the Public Securities have been registered for public sale under the
Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and, if any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is filed, will be duly registered for public
sale under the Act with the filing of such Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective
by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determines that
at the Time of Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits a statement of material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company
and the Representative agrees to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter
into new purchase contracts, then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers
at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

10

2.1.2 Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8 -A (File Number 001-[ ]) providing
for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, the
Common Stock and the Rights. The registration of the Units, Common Stock and Rights under the Exchange Act has been declared effective
by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Common Stock and the Rights have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No Stop
Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state, or other
regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement,
any Preliminary Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order. 

2.2Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5
Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein
in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and
the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their
respective dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein,
or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant
to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration
of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and any amendments thereof
and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does
not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company
with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by
or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters and their respective roles and participation
in the sale of the Units, the information with respect to short positions and stabilizing transactions in the last paragraph on page 151
and the first and second paragraph on page 152 of the Registration Statement and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained
in the section entitled Legal Matters (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

11

2.2.2 Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as
exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized
or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred
to in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) is material
to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect and is enforceable
against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance with
its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and
state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement
or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry,
any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred
that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will
not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating
to environmental laws and regulations.

12

2.2.3 Prior
Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of,
any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation,
except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign,
state, and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not
misleading.

2.3Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No Material
Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial
or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than
as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors)
or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs,
or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act
in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

13

2.3.2 Recent
Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has
not (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid
any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4Independent Accountants. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, Fruci & Associates, PLLC, (the
Auditor), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the
Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, are independent registered public accountants as required by the Act, the Regulations
and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by
such entity. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the Auditor is currently registered with the PCAOB. The Auditor
has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5Financial Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial
Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows
of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United
States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and
the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the
information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are
required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus.
The Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements,
obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that
may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted
financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form 10 that have not been included as required.

2.5.2 Statistical
Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate,
and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived.

14

2.6Authorized Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in
the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case
may be, the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the
Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may
be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock or any security convertible into shares of Common Stock, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Common Stock or any such
options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect
thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities was issued in violation
of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized
and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of
the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or, based
in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.7.2 Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in
accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject
to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any
holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken
for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Securities has been duly and validly taken. The form of certificates for the Securities
conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation and applicable securities laws. The Securities conform
in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Rights will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue
the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Rights are enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Rights have been reserved for issuance upon the conversion
of the Rights and upon payment of the consideration therefor, and when issued in accordance with the terms thereof such shares of Common
Stock will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not
be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

15

2.7.3 Private
Placement Securities and Advisor Securities.

2.7.3.1 The Private
Units and Private Placement Rights, when issued, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and
type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought.

2.7.3.2 The Private
Placement Shares have been duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the
holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Private Placement Rights and upon separation of the Private Units have been reserved for issuance and, when issued
in accordance with the terms of the Private Placement Rights and Private Units will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and
upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by
reason of being such holders.

2.7.3.3 The Advisor
Units and Advisor Rights, when issued, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities
of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under
federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief
may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

16

2.7.3.4 The Advisor
Shares have been duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders
thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of the Advisor Rights and upon separation of the Advisor Units have been reserved for issuance and, when issued in accordance
with the terms of the Advisor Rights and Advisor Units will be duly and validly authorized, validly issued and upon payment therefor,
fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders

2.7.4 No Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required
to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

2.8Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities
of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such
securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23). the
Trust Agreement, the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section
2.21.4), the Purchase Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.2), and the subscription agreement for the Founder Shares (such agreements
are collectively referred to as, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company
and, when executed and delivered, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under the foreign, federal, and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and
other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought.

2.10No Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation
by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof
do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or
conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination
or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation,
condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the
Trust Agreement (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws of the
Company, each as may be amended (collectively, the Charter Documents); or (iii) to the Companys knowledge
violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof.

17

2.11No Defaults; Violations. No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition
of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing
an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be
bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision
of its Charter Documents or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any
governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses. 

2.12Corporate Power; Licenses: Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct
of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders,
licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to
conduct its business for the purposes as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal,
state and local regulation on this Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material
respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and
has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with and in furtherance of this Offering.

2.12.2 Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the
provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith have been obtained.
No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required
for the valid issuance, sale, and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by
the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except
with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) and
the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

18

2.13D&O Questionnaires. All information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires) completed
by each of the Companys officers, directors and stockholders (Insiders) and provided to the Representative
and its counsel and the biographies of the Insiders contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
(to the extent a biography is contained) is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information
which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become materially inaccurate, incorrect
or incomplete.

2.14Litigation: Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation
or governmental proceeding of any material nature pending, or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened
against or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any stockholder or
member of an Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where
the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects,
business, operations, assets or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business
(a Material Adverse Effect).

2.16No Contemplation of a Business Combination. Neither the Company nor any initial stockholder has identified any Business
Combination target (each a Target Business) and the Company has not, nor has anyone on the Companys behalf,
initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Target Business.

2.17Transactions Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders
Fees. There are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting
or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements
or understandings of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters
compensation, as determined by FINRA.

2.17.2 Payments
Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as
a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the
Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct
or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration
Statement, other than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering. The Company has not issued any warrants
or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to anyone who is a potential underwriter in the Offering or a related
person (as defined by FINRA rules) of such an underwriter within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration
Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing
date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with any member of FINRA participating in the Offering.
Except with respect to the Representative in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement
(including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial
filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any item of
value and/or the transfer or issuance of any warrants, options, or other securities from the Company to a FINRA member, any person associated
with a member (as defined by FINRA rules), any potential underwriters in the Offering and/or any related persons.

19

2.17.3 FINRA
Affiliation. Other than as disclosed to the Representative, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including
the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless
of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member (as
determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representative and Blank Rome if it learns
that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated
person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering.

2.17.4 Share
Ownership. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys
unregistered securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any member of FINRA participating in the Offering (other than securities
purchased on the open market).

2.17.5 Loans.
No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities has made a subordinated loan to any member of FINRA participating in the Offering.

2.17.6 Proceeds
of the Offering. No proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Private Placement
Securities, will be paid to any FINRA member participating in the Offering, or any persons associated or affiliated with a member of FINRA
participating in the Offering, except as specifically authorized herein.

20

2.17.7 Conflicts
of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no FINRA member intending to participate in the Offering
has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a member of FINRA
and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated
debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity. Members participating in the Offering
include managing agents, syndicate group members and all dealers which are members of FINRA.

2.18Taxes.

2.18.1 There are
no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of
the United States, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the
Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The Company
has filed all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof in a timely
manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such returns that
were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of
the foregoing is due and payable. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section
2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to
which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined. 

2.19Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders
or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit
(other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a
customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or
any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder
the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to
any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a
Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company.
The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply
in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

21

2.19.2 Currency
and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
(i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting
requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of
1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines,
issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and
no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot
Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy
Act of 1970, as amended, or Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
(USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the
Offering and delivered to the Representative or to Blank Rome shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters
as to the matters covered thereby.

2.21Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider
Letter. The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability
of any indemnification, contribution or noncompete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii)
that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and
to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters. The
Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld.

2.21.2 Purchase
Agreement. Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind have executed and delivered agreements, the forms of which are included as exhibits to the Registration
Statement (the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind, as applicable, will, among
other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Private Units and the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants, as applicable, as provided for in such Purchase Agreements. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, (i) Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind
have waived any and all rights and claims it may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect
of the Private Units and the $15 Exercise Price Warrants, as applicable, and (ii) a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Units and the $15 Exercise Price Warrants will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust
Agreement on the Closing Date, as provided for in the Purchase Agreements.

22

2.21.3 Administrative
Services. The Company and the Sponsor have entered into an agreement (Services Agreement) substantially in the
form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the Sponsor will make available to the Company general and
administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support for the Companys use for $15,000 per month payable
until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Services Agreement.

2.21.4 Registration
Rights Agreement. The Company, the Sponsor, the Representative, Mr. Jaigobind and the other initial stockholders have entered into
a Registration Rights Agreement (Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to
the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold
or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.5 Loans.
The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $150,000 (the Insider Loans)
pursuant to a promissory note substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not
bear any interest and are repayable by the Company on the earlier of the consummation of the Offering or the date on which the Company
determines not to conduct the Offering.

2.22Investment Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds
of the Offering and the Private Placements substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

2.23Rights Agreement. The Company has entered into a rights agreement with respect to the Rights underlying the Units, the Private
Placement Rights, the Advisor Rights, the Representatives Rights and certain other warrants that may be issued by the Company with
CST substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (Rights Agreement).

23

2.24No Existing Non-Competition Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement
with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company,
except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.25Investments. No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (Investment Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of
the Companys net income after taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.26Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated
and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus will not be required,
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27Subsidiaries. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
trust or other business entity.

2.28Related Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and
any Insider, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances
(except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or
for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for
the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29No Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with
the intention of unlawfully influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers
or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish
favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is, or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations promulgated
by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the
later of the Closing Date and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and
sale of the Units other than the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

24

2.32Nasdaq Global Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and
evidence of satisfactory distribution, on the Nasdaq Global Market, and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely
to adversely affect such authorization.

2.33Board of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set
forth as Directors or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
captioned Management. As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall
composition of the board will comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Nasdaq
that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the
applicable requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Nasdaq.

2.34Emerging Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director,
executive officer, or other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under
the Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, a Company Covered Person and, together,
Company Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(l)(i)
to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Underwriters a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36Free-Writing Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that
would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free
writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than
Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within
the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and
(b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals
engaged by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on
Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors
undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act. 

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees
as follows:

25

3.1Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or
supplement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and
the Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance.
During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all
requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from
time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the
provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities
is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company
or counsel for the Underwriter, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the
Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof,
an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing
of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) with the Commission
pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange
Act Registration. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Securities under the provisions
of the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until
the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier, or, in the case of the Rights, until the Rights expire and are no
longer exercisable or have been exercised or redeemed in full. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities under the Exchange
Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4 Exchange
Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and
dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)
such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

26

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain
material compliance with each applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction
over the Company.

3.3Free-Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would
constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing
prospectus as defined in Rule 405, without the prior consent of the Representative.

3.4Delivery to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to
time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any
amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration
Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein
by reference and all manually executed consents of certified experts.

3.5Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration
Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or
state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in
any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the
Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or
request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of
the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making
of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or
suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1 Business
Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i)
the Company obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys
disinterested and independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

27

3.6.2 Compensation
to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees
or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business
Combination.

3.7Financial Public Relations Firm. Promptly after the execution of a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, the
Company shall retain a financial public relations firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative for a term to be agreed on by the Company
and the Representative.

3.8Reports to the Representative. For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which
the Company is required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to
the Representative and its counsel upon their request copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the
Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters: (i)
a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every
news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each Current Report
on Form 8-K or Schedules 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement
filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company
and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the
Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable
to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with
the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section.

3.9Transfer Agent. For a period of two years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company
is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and warrant agent acceptable to the Representative. CST is acceptable
to the Underwriters.

3.10Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to
the extent not paid at Closing Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement,
including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing,
mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Sale
Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any pre or post effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of
this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied
to the Underwriters in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background
checks of the Companys management team, up to a maximum of $10,000 in the aggregate, (iv) the preparation, printing, engraving,
issuance and delivery of the Units, the Common Stock and the Rights included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable
thereon, (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable fees and expenses of Representatives
counsel (not to exceed $90,000) in connection with the Offering, (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Securities on Nasdaq
or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters together determine, (vii) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating
to the registration or qualification of the Units under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions
as the Underwriters may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees
and disbursements of blue sky counsel up to $5,000, (viii) the $20,000 cost associated with data and communications expenses
including the use of Ipreos book building, prospectus tracking and compliance software for the Offering, (ix) all fees and disbursements
of the transfer and warrant agent, (x) up to $15,000 of the Representatives actual accountable road show, market making and trading,
and clearing firm expenses for the Offering; (xi) all Companys expenses associated with due diligence and road
show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations made available by way of a netroadshow, including without limitation
trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such
trips incurred by the Company or such management; and (xii) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident
to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.10. If the Offering
is consummated, the Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses
it incurred on behalf of the Company (less the $30,000 previously advanced against such expenses), up to $135,000 (inclusive of the enumerated
expenses specified in paragraphs (iii), (v), (viii) and (x)). If the Offering is not consummated for any reason (other than a breach by
the Representative of any of its obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representative in full for its out-of-pocket
accountable expenses actually incurred through such date, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
to the Representative, up to $100,000.

28

3.11Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Private Placements received
by it in a manner consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.12Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as
soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement
(which need not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations,
but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive
months beginning after the Effective Date.

3.13Notice to FINRA.

3.13.1 Notice
to FINRA. For a period of ninety (90) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any
FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any
other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to FINRA and the Representative prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) justification
as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered an underwriter and related
person with respect to the Offering, as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The Company also agrees that, if
required by law, proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement
which the Company will file with the Commission in connection with the Business Combination.

29

3.13.2 FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 5% or greater stockholder
of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the distribution of the Public Securities.

3.13.3 Broker/Dealer.
In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become
a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.14Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of its employees, directors or
stockholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that
has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.15Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

3.16Accountants. Until the earlier of the closing of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company, the Company shall
retain the Auditor or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

3.17Form 8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to
audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Private Placements. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company
shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements.
Promptly after the Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with
the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise
of such option.

30

3.18Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction to Blank Rome.

3.19Investment Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested
only as provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in a manner
so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act.

3.20Amendments to Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will
not seek to amend or modify its Charter Documents, except as set forth therein and except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

3.21Press Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives
prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required
by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.22Insurance. The Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance
covering the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with this Offering, including, without
limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.23Electronic Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys
expense, promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus
to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means
a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in
an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers
of the Units for at least the period during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it
shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic
and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic
prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall
be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof
to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee
charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

31

3.24Private Placement Proceeds. On the Closing Date a portion of the proceeds from the Private Placements shall be deposited
into the Trust Account in accordance with the Purchase Agreements.

3.25Future Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any
public or private equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing
expressly waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.26Amendments to Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Warrant Agreement, Trust Agreement,
Purchase Agreement, the Services Agreement, or any Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative which will not
be unreasonably withheld.

3.27Nasdaq. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the listing
of the Public Securities on the Nasdaq Global Market or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.28Reservation of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities,
which are issuable upon exercise of the Rights, Private Placement Rights, the Advisor Rights and Representatives Rights outstanding
from time to time.

3.29Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i)
any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification
Event relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.30Disqualification of S-l. Until the earlier of seven years from the date hereof or until the Rights have either expired and
are no longer exercisable or have all been exercised, the Company will not take any action or actions that prevent or disqualify the Companys
use of Form S-l (or other appropriate form) for the registration of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Rights under
the Act.

3.31Right of First Refusal. The Company agrees that if the Firm Units are sold in accordance with the terms of this Underwriting
Agreement, for a period beginning on the closing of this Offering and ending on the later of 24 months after the closing of this Offering
and 12 months after the consummation of our initial Business Combination, the Company shall grant the Representative the right of
first refusal to act as, (i) exclusive financial advisor in connection with all of the Companys proposed Business Combinations
for a fee of up to 3.5% of the proceeds of this Offering (subject to the Companys right, to allocate up to 50% of such fee to another
financial institution in Companys sole discretion), and (ii) sole investment bankers, sole book-runners, sole financial advisors,
sole underwriters and/or sole placement agents, at the Representatives sole and exclusive discretion, for each and every future
public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity linked financings, during such period, (each, a Subject Transaction),
of the Company or any successor to the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries, on terms agreed to by both the Company and
the Representative in good faith (the Right of First Refusal). In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6), such Right
of First Refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the Registration Statement. The Company
and any subsidiary or successor shall notify the Representative of its intention to pursue a Subject Transaction, including the material
terms thereof, by providing written notice thereof by registered mail or overnight courier service addressed to the Representative. If
the Representative fails to exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to a Subject Transaction within ten (10) Business Days after
the mailing of such written notice shall have no further claim or right with respect to such Subject Transaction. The Representative may
elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, not to exercise its Right of First Refusal with respect to any Subject Transaction; provided
that any such election by the Representative shall not adversely affect the Representatives Right of First Refusal with respect
to any other Subject Transaction. The Company and the Representative shall make commercially reasonable efforts to agree on the terms
of the Subject Transaction (including Representatives compensation thereunder) in good faith within 10 business days after the
acceptance of the Right of First Refusal by the Representative.

32

4.Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as
provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof
and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made
pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness
of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the
date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative.

4.1.2 FINRA
Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable
or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No Commission
Stop Order. At the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, if any, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to
issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.4 Nasdaq.
The Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of
satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2Company Counsel Matters.

33

4.2.1 Closing
Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall
have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of Loeb & Loeb LLP, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing
Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative, as representative for the several Underwriters, and in form and substance satisfactory
to the Representative and Blank Rome.

4.2.2 Closing
Date and Option Closing Date, Opinions of Nevada Counsel. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative
shall have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of Holland & Hart LLP, dated the Closing Date or the
Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative, as representative for the several Underwriters, and in form
and substance satisfactory to the Representative and Blank Rome.

4.2.3 Reliance.
In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written
statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the
corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to
the Representatives counsel. The opinions of counsel for the Company shall include a statement to the effect that they may be relied
upon by counsel for the Underwriters in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the
Representative shall have received a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form
and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative from the Auditor dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date.

4.4Officers Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company
(in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that
the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by
the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in
Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may
be, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative
will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative
may reasonably request.

34

4.4.2 Secretarys
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Date, as the case may
be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Charter Documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect,
(ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are
in full force and effect and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company
or its counsel and the Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and
the NYSE and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached
to such certificate.

4.5No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have
been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus, (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company
or any Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company,
except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no
proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission,
and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall
contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform
in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.

4.6Delivery of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of
the Transaction Documents and all of the Insider Letters.

5. Indemnification and Contribution.

5.1Indemnification.

5.1.1 Indemnification
of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners,
members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows:

35

(a)against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or
based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment
thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary
prospectus, Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the
foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(b)against
any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate
amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or
threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or
omission; provided that (subject to Section 5.1(d)) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company,
which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld; and

(c)against
any and all expense whatsoever, as incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or
threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or
omission (whether or not a party), to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (i) or (ii) above; provided, however, that
the foregoing shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or
omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters
Information (as defined below).

5.1.2 Indemnification
of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the
Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the
Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability,
claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements
or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication
or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), in reliance upon and in conformity with Underwriters Information.

36

5.1.3 Notifications
and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1 will, promptly
after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying
party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all
papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that
it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified
party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture
of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies
the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects
by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified
party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense,
the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses except as provided below and except for
the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party
will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at
the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by
the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses
available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (C)
a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying
party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified
party) or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action; in each of
which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties.
It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same
jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in
such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other
charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable
for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written
consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action
or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless
such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim
and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified
party.

37

5.1.4 Settlement
Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified
party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature
contemplated by Section 5.1.1(b) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt
by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement
at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified
party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

5.2Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided
for in the foregoing paragraphs of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable
or insufficient from the Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities,
expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid
in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion
as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand.
The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same
proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Offered Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the
total compensation received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Units on behalf of the Company. If, but only
if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made
in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative
fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted
in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations
with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company
or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to
this Section 5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the
equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability,
expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of
this Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending
any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1 and this
Section 5.2, the Underwriters shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions actually received by it under
this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section
5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, any affiliates of the respective Underwriters
and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have the same rights
to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement
will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution,
promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be
made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify
will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section
5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the
party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.1.3, no party
will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant
to Section 5.1.3.

38

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to
purchase the Firm Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate
10% of the number of Firm Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates
shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more
than 10% of the Firm Units, the Representative may, in their discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such
Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to
more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled
to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase
said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units
to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company
without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10.5, and 93 hereof) or the several Underwriters
(except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability,
if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

39

6.3Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right
to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever
changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents
and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus,
as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been
a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1Additional Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall
not issue any shares of Common Stock or any options or other securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, or any preferred
shares or other securities of the Company which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Common
Stock on a Business Combination.

7.2Trust Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing
its due diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business
and/or vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently
acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands
that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $80,800,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the
Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Stockholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts
held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Stockholders in the event they
elect to redeem shares of Common Stock contained in the Public Securities in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination,
(ii) to the Public Stockholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter
Documents, or (iii) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration
of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii)
agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may
have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse
against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received
the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of Directors.

7.3Insider Letters. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of any of the
Insider Letters and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letters without the prior written consent of the Representative,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

40

7.4Rule 419. The Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419
under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its best efforts to prevent any
of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-l under the
Exchange Act during such period.

7.5Tender Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or its counsel
(if so instructed by the Representative) with 10 copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed
with the Commission in connection with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with
the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition,
the Company shall furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by
such state.

7.6Emerging Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth
Company at any time prior to the completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.7Target Net Assets. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at
least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target
Business (excluding taxes payable). The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company
based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value.
If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market value
requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the
fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair
market value.

8.Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties
and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or
the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the
indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of
the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh
(7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and
agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

41

9. Effective Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

9.1Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared
effective by the Commission.

9.2Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date,
(i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will
in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the NYSE, the NYSE
American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market or quoted on the over the counter market
shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities
shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or
any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase
in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or Federal authority, or (v) if a
moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market, or (vi)
if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity
or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable
to proceed with the delivery of the Units, or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or
covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in
the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation as a result
of terrorist activities after the date hereof, as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with
the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

9.3Expenses. If this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Company shall not then be under any liability
to any Underwriter; but, if for any other reason, any Units are not delivered by or on behalf of the Company as provided herein or the
Underwriters decline to purchase the Units for any reason permitted under this Agreement, within the time specified herein or any extensions
thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket accountable expenses related to the
transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.10 hereof, and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative
for any reasonable and accountable costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

9.4Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected
by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

10. Miscellaneous.

42

10.1Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be
mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by electronic mail or facsimile transmission (with printed confirmation
of receipt) and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 22nd Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attention: Head of Investment Banking

E-mail: notices@think-equity.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Blank Rome LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attention: Brad L. Shiffman, Esq.

Facsimile: (917) 332-3725

E-mail: Bshiffman@blankrome.com

If to the Company:

FG Merger II Corp.

105 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A

Itasca, Illinois 60143

Attn: Hassan Baqar

Facsimile: N/A

Email: hbaqar@sequoiafinancial.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10154

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum

Facsimile: (212) 407-4990

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com

10.2Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit
or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

43

10.4Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10.5Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters,
the Company, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective
successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy
or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns
shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

10.6Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may
at any time be commenced hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit,
jurisdiction, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process
with respect to its obligations hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such
an immunity (whether or not claimed), the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum
extent permitted by law.

10.7Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the nonexclusive jurisdiction
of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering
of the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection
that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim
that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons
to be served upon the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal
service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company
and the Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction
with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent
court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party
in such action or proceeding.

10.8Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another
jurisdiction.

44

10.9Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to
each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute
valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

10.10Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision
hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, noncompliance or non-fulfillment.

10.11No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant
to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters,
(ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and
not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of
the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters
have advised or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly
set forth in this Agreement, (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the
Company, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake
or have undertaken in furtherance of this offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the
Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim
any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any
matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees
that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty
to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are
each responsible for making their own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed
by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the
price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives
and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any
breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any matters leading up to such transactions.

45

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

46

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding
between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall
constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar 

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Accepted on the date

first above written.

THINKEQUITY LLC

By: /s/ Eric Lord 

Name: Eric Lord

Title: Head of Investment Banking

, as Representative

of the several underwriters

[Signature page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE A 

FG MERGER II CORP.

8,000,000 Units

Underwriter 

Number of Firm Units to be Purchased

ThinkEquity LLC 8,000,000

TOTAL 8,000,000

SCHEDULE B

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Amended AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF

FG MERGER II CORP.

January 28, 2025

FG Merger II Corp., a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada (the Corporation), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS:

1. The name of the Corporation
is FG Merger II Corp. The original articles of incorporation of the Corporation were filed with the Secretary of State of
the State of Nevada on September 20, 2023 (the Original Articles).

2. These Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Articles), which both restates and amends the provisions
of the Original Articles, was duly adopted in accordance with Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) Sections 78.315,
78.320 and 78.390.

3. These Amended and Restated
Articles shall become effective on the date of filing with the Secretary of State of Nevada.

4. Certain capitalized terms
used in these Amended and Restated Articles are defined where appropriate herein.

5. The text of the Original
Articles is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows:

ARTICLE I

NAME

The name of the corporation
is FG Merger II Corp. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II

PURPOSE

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under NRS Chapter 78 governing private corporations.
In addition to the powers and privileges conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess
and may exercise all the powers and privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business
or purposes of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination involving the Corporation and one or more businesses (a Business Combination).

ARTICLE III

REGISTERED AGENT

The address of the Corporations
registered office in the State of Nevada is 8275 South Eastern Avenue, Suite #200, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, 89123, and the name of the Corporations registered agent at such address is Corporate Creations Network Inc.

ARTICLE IV

CAPITALIZATION

Section 4.1
Authorized Capital Stock. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of $0.0001 per
share, which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 104,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 100,000,000 shares of common stock (the
Common Stock) and (b) 4,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock).

Section 4.2
Preferred Stock. Subject to Article IX of these Amended and Restated Articles, the Board of Directors of the
Corporation (the Board) is hereby expressly authorized to provide out of the unissued shares of the Preferred
Stock for one or more series of Preferred Stock and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series
and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights,
if any, of each such series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions
adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred
Stock Designation) filed pursuant to NRS Section 78.1955, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority
to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such resolution or resolutions.

Section 4.3
Common Stock.

(a) Voting.

(i) Except
as otherwise required by law or these Amended and Restated Articles (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common
Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation.

(ii) Except
as otherwise required by law or these Amended and Restated Articles (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of shares
of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation
(the stockholders) on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote.

(iii) Except
as otherwise required by law or these Amended and Restated Articles (including any Preferred Stock Designation), at any annual or special
meeting of the stockholders, holders of the Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all
other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or
these Amended and Restated Articles (including any Preferred Stock Designation), holders of shares of any series of Common Stock shall
not be entitled to vote on any amendment to these Amended and Restated Articles (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation)
that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock or other series of Common Stock if the holders of
such affected series of Preferred Stock or Common Stock, as applicable, are entitled exclusively, either separately or together with the
holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to these Amended and Restated Articles (including any Preferred Stock
Designation) or NRS Chapters 78 and/or 92A.

(b) Dividends.
Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX
hereof, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property
or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the
Corporation legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions.

(c) Liquidation,
Dissolution or Winding Up of the Corporation. Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series
of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation,
the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution
to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them.

2

Section 4.4
Rights and Options. The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders
thereof to acquire from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options
to be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for
exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided, however, that the consideration to be received
for any shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof.

ARTICLE V

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 5.1
Board Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In
addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, these Amended and Restated Articles or the bylaws
of the Corporation (Bylaws), the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts
and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of NRS Chapters 78 and 92A, these
Amended and Restated Articles and any Bylaws adopted by the stockholders; provided, however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders
shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted.

Section 5.2
Number, Election and Term.

(a) The
number of directors of the Corporation, other than those who may be elected by the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock
voting separately by class or series, shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a
majority of the Board.

(b) Subject
to Section 5.5 hereof, the Board shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated
Class I, Class II and Class III. The Board is authorized to assign members of the Board already in office to Class I,
Class II or Class III. The term of the initial Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders
following the effectiveness of these Amended and Restated Articles, the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the
second annual meeting of the stockholders following the effectiveness of these Amended and Restated Articles and the term of the initial
Class III Directors shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders following the effectiveness of these Amended and
Restated Articles. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders, beginning with the first annual meeting of the stockholders
following the effectiveness of these Amended and Restated Articles, each of the successors elected to replace the class of directors whose
term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term or until the election and qualification of their respective
successors in office, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, if the number
of directors that constitutes the Board is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes so as
to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors
constituting the Board shorten the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred
Stock, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, the election
of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the
meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Board is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions thereof, to assign members
of the Board already in office to the aforesaid classes at the time these Amended and Restated Articles (and therefore such classification)
becomes effective in accordance with NRS Chapter 78.

(c) Subject
to Section 5.5 hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires
and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such directors earlier death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification or removal.

(d) Unless
and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares
of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights.

Section 5.3
Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies. Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, newly created directorships resulting
from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification,
removal or other cause may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less
than a quorum or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder
of the full term of the class of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her
successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such directors earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal.

3

Section 5.4
Removal. Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time,
but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

Section 5.5
Preferred Stock - Directors. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V, and except as otherwise
required by law, whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or
series, to elect one or more directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such
directorships shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in these Amended and Restated Articles
(including any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V
unless expressly provided by such terms.

Section 5.6
Quorum. A quorum for the transaction of business by the directors shall be set forth in the Bylaws.

ARTICLE VI

BYLAWS

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or
repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The
Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders; provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders
of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by these Amended and Restated Articles (including any Preferred
Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required
for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws; and provided further, however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the
stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted.

ARTICLE VII

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

Section 7.1
Meetings. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements
of applicable law, special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation,
or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting
is hereby specifically denied. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, special meetings of stockholders may not be called by another
person or persons.

Section 7.2
Advance Notice. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by
stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws.

Section 7.3
Action by Written Consent. Except as may be otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to these Amended and Restated Articles
(including any Preferred Stock Designation) relating to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, subsequent
to the consummation of the Offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders must be effected by a duly called
annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders.

4

ARTICLE VIII

LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION

Section 8.1
Limitation of Director Liability. A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its
stockholders for any monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or
limitation thereof is not permitted under NRS Chapter 78 as the same exists or may hereafter be amended unless a director violated his
or her duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized
unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from his or her
actions as a director. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection
of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification
or repeal.

Section 8.2
Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses.

(a) To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold
harmless each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding)
by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation,
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership,
joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee),
whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other
capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred
by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay
the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in
advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance
of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay
all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 8.2
or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract
rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure
to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2(a),
except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses
to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof)
was authorized by the Board.

(b) The
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive
of any other rights that any indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, these Amended and Restated Articles, the Bylaws, an agreement,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.

(c) Any
repeal or amendment of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of
these Amended and Restated Articles inconsistent with this Section 8.2, shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective
only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive
basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time
of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding
is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment
or adoption of such inconsistent provision.

(d) This
Section 8.2 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law,
to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than indemnitees.

5

ARTICLE IX

BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE

Section 9.1
General.

(a) The
provisions of this Article IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the effectiveness of these Amended and Restated
Articles and terminating upon the consummation of the Corporations initial Business Combination and no amendment to this Article IX
shall be effective prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination unless approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least sixty-five percent (65%) of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock.

(b) Immediately
after the Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds
of any exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporations registration
statement on Form S-1, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on
[_], 2025, as amended (the Registration Statement), shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust
Account), established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to the Investment Management
Trust Agreement between the Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trust Agreement).
Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (i) the completion of the
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of 100% of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable
to complete its initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Offering and (iii) the redemption of shares
in connection with a vote seeking to amend such provisions of these Amended and Restated Articles as described in Section 9.7.
Holders of shares of Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering Shares)
(whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such
holders are the Sponsor or officers or directors of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as
Public Stockholders.

Section 9.2
Redemption Rights.

(a) Prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity
to have their Offering Shares redeemed upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations
of, Sections 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) hereof (such rights of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant
to such Sections, the Redemption Rights) for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined
in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof (the Redemption Price). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in these Amended and Restated Articles, there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions with
respect to any warrant issued pursuant to the Offering.

(b) If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)
(or any successor rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials with the SEC, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering
Shares upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the
provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E
of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender
Offer Rules) which it shall commence prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination that contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial Business Combination and the Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation
Rules), even if such information is not required under the Tender Offer Rules; provided, however, that if a stockholder
vote is required by law to approve the proposed initial Business Combination, or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial
Business Combination to the stockholders for their approval for business or other legal reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem
the Offering Shares, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the Proxy Solicitation Rules (and not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per
share equal to the Redemption Price calculated in accordance with the following provisions of this Section 9.2(b). In the
event that the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with the Tender Offer Rules,
the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant
to such tender offer shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in
the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on the proposed initial Business Combination
pursuant to a proxy solicitation, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares exercising
their Redemption Rights (irrespective of whether they voted in favor or against the Business Combination) shall be equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing: (x) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), by (y) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares.

6

(c) If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant
to a proxy solicitation, a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall
be restricted from seeking Redemption Rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Offering Shares without the prior consent
of the Corporation.

(d) In
the event that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Offering,
the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Offering Shares in consideration
of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to
$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Corporations
obligations under NRS Chapter 78 to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law.

(e) If
the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination, the Corporation
shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business
Combination.

Section 9.3
Distributions from the Trust Account.

(a) A
Public Stockholder shall be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a), 9.2(b),
9.2(d) or 9.7 hereof. In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in
or to distributions from the Trust Account, and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or to the Trust
Account.

(b) Each
Public Stockholder that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have
given its consent to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders
exercising their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation.

(c) The
exercise by a Public Stockholder of the Redemption Rights shall be conditioned on such Public Stockholder following the specific procedures
for redemptions set forth by the Corporation in any applicable tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Public Stockholders relating
to the proposed initial Business Combination. Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall
be made as promptly as practical after the consummation of the initial Business Combination.

7

Section 9.4
Share Issuances. Prior to the consummation of the Corporations initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall
not issue any additional shares of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust
Account or vote as a class with the Common Stock on any initial Business Combination, on any pre-Business Combination activity or on any
amendment to this Article IX.

Section 9.5
Transactions with Affiliates. In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business
that is affiliated with the Sponsor, or the directors or officers of the Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of the independent
directors of the Corporation, shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority or a valuation or appraisal firm that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point
of view.

Section 9.6
No Transactions with Other Blank Check Companies. The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

Section 9.7
Additional Redemption Rights. If, in accordance with Section 9.1(a), any amendment is made to these Amended
and Restated Articles (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporations obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering
Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Offering or (b) with
respect to any other material provisions of these Amended and Restated Articles relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity, the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon the
approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number
of then outstanding Offering Shares.

Section 9.8
Minimum Value of Initial Business Combination. The Corporations initial Business Combination must be comprised of
one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding any deferred underwriting commissions) at the time the Corporation signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial
Business Combination.

Section 9.9
Interested Stockholder Combination Provisions Opt-Out. In accordance with NRS Section 78.434, the Corporation hereby
expressly elects to not be governed by NRS Sections 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, until the date on which FG Merger Investors II LLC, a
Nevada limited liability company (the Founder), ceases to beneficially own at least 15% of the Corporations
outstanding shares of Common Stock, at which point NRS Sections 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, shall apply to the Corporation.

Section 9.10
Control Share Provisions Opt-Out. In accordance with NRS Section 78.378, the Corporation hereby expressly elects to
not be governed by NRS Sections 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, until the date on which the Founder ceases to beneficially own at least
15% of the Corporations outstanding shares of Common Stock, at which point NRS Sections 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, shall apply
to the Corporation.

ARTICLE X

CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY

To the extent allowed by law,
the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its
officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine would conflict
with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of these Amended and Restated Articles or in the future,
and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Corporation will offer any such corporate opportunity
of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation, except, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall apply with respect to any
of the directors or officers of the Corporation with respect to a corporate opportunity that was offered to such person solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and (i) such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue and (ii) the director or officer is permitted
to refer that opportunity to the Corporation without violating any legal obligation.

8

ARTICLE XI

AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

The Corporation reserves the
right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in these Amended and Restated Articles
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Nevada at the time in force that
may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by these Amended and Restated Articles and NRS Chapter 78; and, except
as set forth in Article VIII, all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders,
directors or any other persons by and pursuant to these Amended and Restated Articles in its present form or as hereafter amended are
granted subject to the right reserved in this Article XI; provided, however, that Article IX of
these Amended and Restated Articles may be amended only as provided therein.

ARTICLE XII

EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS

Section 12.1
Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District
Court of Clark County in the State of Nevada (the EJDC) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder
(including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any
action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees
arising pursuant to any provision of NRS Chapters 78 and/or 92A or these Amended and Restated Articles or the Bylaws, or (iv) any
action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine and,
if brought outside of Nevada, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholders
counsel, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim (A) as to which the EJDC determines that there is
an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the EJDC (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the EJDC within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the EJDC, (C) for which the EJDC does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, as to which the EJDC and the federal district court for the District of Nevada shall have concurrent jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 12.1 will not apply to
suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to
have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 12.1.

Section 12.2
Consent to Jurisdiction. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 12.1 immediately
above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Nevada (a Foreign Action) in the
name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located within the State of Nevada in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 12.1
immediately above (an FSC Enforcement Action) and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder
in any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholders counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder.

Section 12.3
Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Article XII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity,
legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article XII (including,
without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article XII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons
or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XII.

[Signature Page Follows]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, FG Merger
II Corp. has caused these Amended and Restated Articles to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its behalf by an authorized
officer as of the date first set forth above.

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

WARRANT AGREEMENT

between

FG MERGER II CORP.

and

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

Dated as of January 30, 2025

THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT (this
Agreement), dated as of January 30, 2025, is by and between FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York limited purpose trust company, as warrant agent (the Warrant
Agent, also referred to herein as the Transfer Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company is engaged
in an initial public offering (the Offering) of units of the Companys equity securities (the Public
Units), each such Public Unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Common
Stock), and one right, each right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon
the consummation of an initial business combination (the Public Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company has filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement on Form S-1, File No.
333-275155, and prospectus (the Prospectus), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act), of the Public Units, the Public Rights and the Common Stock included in the Public Units;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into that certain $15 Exercise Price Warrants Purchase Agreement with FG Merger Investors II LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the
Sponsor) pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase, simultaneously with the closing of the Offering, an aggregate
of 1,000,000 warrants bearing the legend set forth in Exhibit A hereto at a price of $0.10 per warrant, each exercisable to purchase
one share of Common Stock at $15.00 per share (the Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Company desires
the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration,
transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Warrants;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to provide for the form and provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective rights,
limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things
have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or
on behalf of the Warrant Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment
of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Warrants, and the Warrant
Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the express terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement.

2. Warrants.

2.1 Form
of Warrant. Each Warrant shall initially be issued in registered form only.

2.2 Effect
of Countersignature. If a physical certificate is issued, unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement,
a certificated Warrant shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof.

2.3 Registration.

2.3.1 Warrant
Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register) for the registration of the initial issuance
of the Warrants and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants in book-entry form, the Warrant
Agent shall issue and register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance
with instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. If requested, the Registered Holder of a Warrant shall be issued a definitive
certificate in physical form evidencing such Warrants which shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

Physical certificates, if
issued, shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board),
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the President or the Secretary or other principal officer of the Company. In the event
the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person
signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the
date of issuance.

2.3.2 Registered
Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat
the person in whose name such Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register (the Registered Holder) as the absolute
owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on any physical
certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes,
and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

3. Terms
and Exercise of Warrants.

3.1 Warrant
Price. Each whole Warrant, when countersigned by the Warrant Agent, shall entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions
of such Warrant and of this Agreement, to purchase from the Company one share of Common Stock at the price of $15.00 per share, subject
to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof and in the penultimate sentence of this Section 3.1. The term Warrant
Price as used in this Agreement shall mean the price per share at which each share of Common Stock may be purchased at the
time a Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as
defined below) for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business Days, provided, that the Company shall provide at least twenty
(20) days prior written notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided, further, that any
such reduction shall be identical among all of the Warrants. The term Business Day means a day other than a Saturday,
Sunday or federal holiday, on which banks in New York City are generally open for normal business.

3.2 Duration
of Warrants. A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise Period) commencing on the later
of: (i) the date that is thirty (30) days after the first date on which the Company completes a merger, consolidation, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or
entities (a Business Combination), or (ii) the date that is twelve (12) months from the date of the closing of the
Offering and terminating at the earlier to occur of: (i) 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the date that is ten (10) years after the date
on which the Company completes its initial Business Combination, and (ii) the liquidation of the Company (the Expiration Date);
provided, however, that the exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as
set forth in subsection 3.3.2 hereof, with respect to an effective registration statement. Each Warrant not exercised on or before
the Expiration Date shall become null and void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall
cease at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Warrants
by delaying the Expiration Date; provided, that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any
such extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided, further, that any such extension shall be identical
in duration among all the Warrants.

3.3 Exercise
of Warrants.

3.3.1 Payment. Subject
to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement, a Warrant, when countersigned by the Warrant Agent, may be exercised by the Registered
Holder thereof by surrendering it (if evidenced by definitive certificate) at the office of the Warrant Agent, or at the office of its
successor as Warrant Agent, in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, with the subscription form, as set forth in the Warrant,
duly executed, and by paying in full the Warrant Price for each full share of Common Stock as to which the Warrant is exercised and any
and all applicable taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Warrant, the exchange of the Warrant for the shares of Common Stock
and the issuance of such share of Common Stock, as follows:

(a) in
lawful money of the United States, in good certified check or good bank draft payable to the Warrant Agent;

(b) by
surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the 10-Day Average Closing Price, as of the date
prior to the date on which notice of exercise is sent or given to the Warrant Agent, less the Warrant Price by (y) the 10-Day Average
Closing Price. 10-Day Average Closing Price means, as of any date, the average last reported sale price of the Common
Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such date. Last Reported Sale Price
shall mean the last reported sale price of the shares of Common Stock on the date prior to the date on which notice of exercise of the
Warrant is sent to the Warrant Agent; or

(c) as
provided in Section 6.4 hereof.

3.3.2 Issuance of Shares
of Common Stock on Exercise. As soon as practicable after the exercise of any Warrant and the clearance of the funds in payment of
the Warrant Price (if payment is pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(a) hereof), the Company shall issue to the Registered Holder of such
Warrant a book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for the number of full shares of Common Stock to which he, she or it is entitled,
registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it, and if such Warrant shall not have been exercised in full, a new
book-entry position or countersigned Warrant, as applicable, for the number of shares of Common Stock as to which such Warrant shall not
have been exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant
to the exercise of a Warrant and shall have no obligation to settle such Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities
Act with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current
or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Warrant shall be exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to issue shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of a Warrant unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such Warrant exercise has been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered
Holder of the Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to
a Warrant, the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless,
in which case the purchaser of a Unit containing such Warrants shall have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the shares
of Common Stock underlying such Unit. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrant exercise. If, by reason
of any exercise of Warrants on a cashless basis, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such
Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number the number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued to such holder.

3.3.3 Valid
Issuance. All shares of Common Stock issued upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

3.3.4 Date
of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for shares of Common Stock is issued
shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares of Common Stock on the date on which the Warrant,
or book-entry position representing such Warrant, was surrendered and payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective of the date
of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Warrant, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date
when the share transfer books of the Company or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed to have
become the holder of such shares of Common Stock at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books
or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are open.

3.3.5 Maximum
Percentage. A holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained
in this subsection 3.3.5; however, no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to this subsection 3.3.5 unless he, she or it
makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holders Warrant,
and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person
(together with such persons affiliates), to the Warrant Agents actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9%
or 9.8%, or such other amount as a holder may specify (the Maximum Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
Warrant with respect to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock that would be
issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates and
(y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such
person and its affiliates (including, without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants) subject to
a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock, the holder may rely on the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Companys
most recent annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q, current report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission
as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent
setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the
holder of the Warrant, the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally and in writing to such holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates since the date as of which such
number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the holder of a Warrant may from
time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided,
however, that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.

4. Adjustments.

4.1 Stock
Dividends.

4.1.1 Stock
Dividends and Split-Ups. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 hereof, the number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, or by a split-up of shares
of Common Stock, or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of shares of Common Stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Common Stock at
a price less than the Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under
any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for the shares of Common Stock) multiplied
by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the Fair Market
Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.1, if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares
of Common Stock, in determining the price payable for the shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration
received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion. Fair Market Value
means the 10-Day Average Closing Price as of the first (1st) date on which the shares
of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, no shares of Common Stock shall be issued at less than their par value.

4.1.2 Extraordinary
Dividends. If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution
in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of the shares of Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares
of the Companys share capital into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1
above, (b) Ordinary Cash Dividends (as defined below), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of the shares of Common Stock
in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Common Stock
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the shares of Common Stock if the Company does not
complete its initial Business Combination within the period set forth in the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation,
or (e) in connection with the redemption of the shares of Common Stock included in the Public Units upon the Companys failure to
complete the Companys initial Business Combination (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary
Dividend), then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary
Dividend, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by the Board, in good faith) of any securities or other assets
paid on each share of Common Stock in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.2, Ordinary
Cash Dividends means any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis, with the per share amounts
of all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares of Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of
declaration of such dividend or distribution (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections
of this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant) does not exceed $0.50.

4.2 Aggregation
of Shares. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 hereof, the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Common Stock
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.

4.3 Adjustments
in Warrant Price. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided
in Section 4.1 or 4.2 hereof, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant Price
immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable
upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

If (x) the Company issues additional
shares of Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business
Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of Common Stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders (as defined
in the Prospectus) or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares (as defined below) held by such stockholders or
their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price)), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for funding the initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Common Stock during the 20 trading day period
starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business Combination (such price, the Market
Value) is below $9.20 per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

4.4 Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock (other than a change covered by Section 4.1 or 4.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such shares
of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity in which any person
or group (as such terms are used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) acquires more than 50% of the voting power
of the Companys securities, or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property
of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, the holders of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase
and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the
Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of
shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation,
that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such
event (the Alternative Issuance); provided, however, that if the holders of the shares of Common Stock
were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation
or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which each Warrant shall
become exercisable shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the shares of
Common Stock in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election; provided, further, that if less than
seventy percent (70%) of the consideration receivable by the holders of the shares of Common Stock in the applicable event is payable
in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established
over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly
exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company
pursuant to a current report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal
to the difference of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below)
(but in no event less than zero) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value
means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for
an uncapped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets (Bloomberg), as calculated by an accounting, appraisal,
investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Board, qualified to
make such calculation. For purposes of calculating such amount, (1) the price of each share of Common Stock shall be the average last
reported sale price of the Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the applicable
event, (2) the assumed volatility shall be the ninety (90) day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined as of
the trading day immediately prior to the day of the announcement of the applicable event, and (3) the assumed risk-free interest rate
shall correspond to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the Warrant. Per Share Consideration
means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the shares of Common Stock consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per
share of Common Stock, and (ii) in all other cases, the average last reported sale price of the shares of Common Stock as reported during
the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the applicable event. If any reclassification
or reorganization also results in a change in shares of Common Stock covered by subsection 4.1.1 hereof, then such adjustment shall
be made pursuant to subsection 4.1.1 or Sections 4.2, or 4.3 hereof and this Section 4.4. The provisions of
this Section 4.4 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other
transfers. In no event will the Warrant Price be reduced to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.

4.5 Notices
of Changes in Warrant. Upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
a Warrant, the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from
such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable at such price upon the exercise
of a Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based; provided,
however, that no adjustment to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Warrant shall be required until
cumulative adjustments amount to one percent (1%) or more of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Warrant
as last adjusted; provided, further, that any such adjustments that are not made are carried forward and taken into account
in any subsequent adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all such carried forward adjustments shall be made (i) in connection with
any subsequent adjustment that (taken together with such carried forward adjustments) would result in a change of at least one percent
(1%) in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Warrant and (ii) on the exercise date of any Warrant. Upon the
occurrence of any event specified in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4 hereof, the Company shall give written
notice of the occurrence of such event to each holder of a Warrant, at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register,
of the record date or the effective date of the event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality
or validity of such event.

4.6 No
Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue a fractional
share of Common Stock upon the exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4, the holder
of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon
such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to such holder.

4.7 Form
of Warrant. The form of Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4, and Warrants issued
after such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of shares of Common Stock as is stated in the Warrants initially
issued pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change
in the form of Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Warrant thereafter
issued or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed.

5. Transfer
and Exchange of Warrants.

5.1 Transferability.
Subject to compliance with applicable law, the Warrants may be transferred, assigned or sold to any person.

5.2 Registration
of Transfer. The Warrant Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant Register,
upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions
for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants shall be issued and the old Warrant
shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. In the case of certificated Warrants, the Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant
Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

5.3 Procedure
for Surrender of Warrants. Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer,
and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants as requested by the Registered Holder of the
Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided, however, that in the event that a
Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new Warrants in
exchange thereof until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and
indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend.

5.4 Transfers
of Fractions of Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange of Warrants which
would require the issuance of a Warrant certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a Warrant.

5.5 Service
Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants.

5.6 Warrant
Execution and Countersignature. The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5, and the Company, whenever required
by the Warrant Agent, shall supply the Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

6. Other
Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.

6.1 No
Rights as Stockholder. A Warrant does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company,
including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent
or to receive notice as stockholder in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other
matter.

6.2 Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants. If any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent
may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant,
include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination, tenor and date as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or
destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost,
stolen, mutilated or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

6.3 Reservation
of Shares of Common Stock. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6.4 Registration
of the Common Stock. The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the
closing of its initial Business Combination, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission a registration
statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

7. Concerning
the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.

7.1 Payment
of Taxes. The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant
Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of the Warrants, but the Company and the Warrant
Agent shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares of Common Stock.

7.2 Resignation,
Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent.

7.2.1 Appointment
of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged
from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office
of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor
Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after
it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of a Warrant (who shall, with
such notice, submit his, her or its Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Companys cost. Any
successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation or other entity organized and existing
under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State
of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or
state authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties,
and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further
act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the
expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor
Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any
and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority,
powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

7.2.2 Notice
of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the
predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

7.2.3 Merger
or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any entity into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any
entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under
this Agreement without any further act.

7.3 Fees
and Expenses of Warrant Agent.

7.3.1 Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and shall, pursuant
to its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably
incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

7.3.2 Further
Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying
out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

7.4 Liability
of Warrant Agent.

7.4.1 Reliance
on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or
desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact
or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established
by a statement signed by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the President or the Secretary or
other principal officer of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such statement for any action
taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

7.4.2 Indemnity.
The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own, or its representatives, gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud,
bad faith or material breach of this Agreement. The Company agrees to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and
all liabilities, including judgments, out-of-pocket costs and reasonable outside counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant
Agent in the execution of this Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agents or its representatives gross negligence,
willful misconduct, fraud, bad faith or material breach of this Agreement.

7.4.3 Exclusions.
The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution
of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to make any adjustments
required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, method, or amount of any such adjustment or the
ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any
representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement
or any Warrant or as to whether any shares of Common Stock shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid and non-assessable.

7.5 Acceptance
of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms
and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently
account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of shares of Common Stock through the exercise
of the Warrants.

7.6 Waiver.
The Warrant Agent has no right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or
to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Warrant Agent hereby waives any and all Claims
against the Trust Account and any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account.

8. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

8.1 Successors
and Assigns. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind
and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns. The Registered Holder may not transfer this Warrant until thirty
(30) days after the closing of the Companys initial Business Combination, except for transfers (i) among the Companys initial
stockholders or to the initial stockholders or the Companys officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to
a Registered Holders stockholders or members upon the Registered Holders liquidation, in each case if the Registered Holder
is an entity, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the Registered Holders immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of
which is the holder or a member of the Registered Holders immediate family, in each case for estate planning purposes, (iv) by
virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to the Company for
no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (vii) in connection with the consummation of
a Business Combination by private sales at prices no greater than the price at which the Warrants were originally purchased, or (viii)
in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to its consummation of an initial Business Combination, in each case (except for
clauses (vi) or (viii) or with the Companys prior written consent) on the condition that prior to such registration for transfer,
the Company shall be presented with written documentation pursuant to which each transferee or the trustee or legal guardian for such
transferee agrees (the Permitted Transferees) to be bound by the terms of this Warrant.

8.2 Notices.
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant
to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private
courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing
by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows:

FG Merger II Corp.

104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A Itasca,

Illinois 60143

Attention: Hassan R. Baqar, Chief Financial Officer

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum; Giovanni Caruso

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com; gcaruso@loeb.com

Any notice, statement or demand
authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently
given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days
after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company),
as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

8.3 Applicable
Law; Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in all
respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application
of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Subject to applicable law, the Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim
against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York
or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction
shall be exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction
and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to
suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of
the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in
the Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 9.3. If any action,
the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the
State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action) in the name
of any Warrant holder, such Warrant holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y) having service of
process made upon such Warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holders counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder.

8.4 Persons
Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person, corporation
or other entity other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Warrants any right, remedy or claim under or by reason
of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises,
and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and
assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Warrants.

8.5 Examination
of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in
the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may require
any such holder to submit such holders Warrant for inspection by the Warrant Agent.

8.6 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
A signature to this Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect and enforceability as an original signature.

8.7 Effect
of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

8.8 Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity
or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Warrants and this Agreement
set forth in the Prospectus or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement
as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the rights of the Registered Holders.
All other modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period
shall require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding Warrants. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections 3.1 and
3.2 hereof, respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders.

8.9 Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: /s/ Henry Ferrell

Name: Henry Ferrell

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Warrant Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT
BY AND AMONG FG MERGER II CORP. (THE COMPANY), FG MERGER INVESTORS II LLC, AND THE OTHER PARTIES THERETO, THE SECURITIES
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE UPON WHICH THE
COMPANY COMPLETES ITS BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED
TRANSFEREE (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 8 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT) WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS.

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND SHARES
OF COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY.

EXHIBIT B

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[FACE]

Number

Warrants

THIS WARRANT SHALL BE NULL AND VOID IF NOT EXERCISED
PRIOR

TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR

IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW

FG MERGER II CORP.

Incorporated Under the Laws of the State of
Nevada

Warrant Certificate

This Warrant Certificate
certifies that , or registered assigns, is the registered holder of warrant(s) evidenced hereby (the Warrants
and each, a Warrant) to purchase shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Common
Stock), of FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company). Each whole Warrant entitles
the holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that number
of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Warrant Price)
as determined pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money of the United States of America upon surrender of this Warrant
Certificate and payment of the Warrant Price (or through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant
Agreement) at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant
Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant
Agreement.

Each whole Warrant is initially
exercisable for one fully paid and non-assessable share of Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any Warrant.
If, upon the exercise of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the Company
will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the holder of the
Warrant. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain
events as set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

The initial Warrant Price
per share of Common Stock for any Warrant is equal to $15.00 per share. The Warrant Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence
of certain events as set forth in the Warrant Agreement.

Subject to the conditions
set forth in the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not exercised by the
end of such Exercise Period, such Warrants shall become null and void.

Reference is hereby made to
the further provisions of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes
have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Warrant Certificate shall
not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.

This Warrant Certificate shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles
thereof.

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: 

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Form of Warrant Certificate]

[Reverse]

The Warrants evidenced by
this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive shares of Common
Stock and are issued or to be issued pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of [__], 202[_] (the Warrant Agreement),
duly executed and delivered by the Company to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York limited purpose trust company,
as warrant agent (or successor warrant agent) (collectively, the Warrant Agent), which Warrant Agreement is
hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description of the rights, limitation
of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the words holders
or holder meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder, respectively) of the Warrants. A copy of the
Warrant Agreement may be obtained by the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate
but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.

Warrants may be exercised
at any time during the Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate
may exercise them by surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of election to purchase set forth hereon properly completed
and executed, together with payment of the Warrant Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise
as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise
of Warrants evidenced hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there
shall be issued to the holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised.

Notwithstanding anything else
in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a registration statement
covering the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act and (ii) a prospectus thereunder
relating to the shares of Common Stock is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the
Warrant Agreement.

The Warrant Agreement provides
that upon the occurrence of certain events the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and the Warrant
Price set forth on the face hereof may, subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof
would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in Common Stock, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole
number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the holder of the Warrant.

Warrant Certificates, when
surrendered at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative
or attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement,
but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate
a like number of Warrants.

Upon due presentation for
registration of transfer of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates
of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant
Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge
imposed in connection therewith.

The Company and the Warrant
Agent may deem and treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation
of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof,
and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the
Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a stockholder of the Company.

Election to Purchase

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive shares of Common Stock and herewith tenders payment
for such shares of Common Stock to the order of FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) in the amount of $ in accordance
with the terms hereof. The undersigned requests that a certificate for such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of , whose
address is and that such shares of Common Stock be delivered to whose address is . If said number of shares of Common Stock is less than
all of the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining
balance of such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of , whose address is and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered
to , whose address is .

In the event that the Warrant
is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement, the number
of shares of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with 3.3.1(b) of the Warrant Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant
is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number
of shares of Common Stock that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant
Agreement.

In the event that the Warrant
may be exercised, to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of shares of Common Stock that
this Warrant is exercisable for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for
such cashless exercise and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive shares
of Common Stock. If said number of shares of Common Stock is less than all of the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder (after
giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of
such shares of Common Stock be registered in the name of , whose address is and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to , whose
address is .

[Signature Page follows]

Date: , 20[_]

(Signature)

(Address)

(Tax Identification Number)

Signature Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION RULE 17Ad-15 (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934, AS AMENDED).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

January 28, 2025

FG Merger II Corp.

104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A

Itasca, Illinois 60143

Re: Initial Public Offering

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter (this Letter
Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
entered into by and between FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and ThinkEquity LLC, as
representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters (each, an Underwriter
and collectively, the Underwriters), relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public
Offering), of up to 9,200,000 of the Companys units (including up to 1,200,000 units that may be purchased to cover
over-allotments, if any) (the Units), each comprised of one share of the Companys common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common
stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (each, a Right). The Units will be sold in
the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus)
filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Units have
been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each of FG Merger Investors II LLC (the Sponsor),
Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind (Mr. Jaigobind) and the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of, or special
advisor to, the Companys board of directors and/or management team (each of the undersigned individuals, an Insider
and collectively, the Insiders), hereby agree with the Company as follows:

1. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider agree that if the Company seeks stockholder approval
of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any
shares of Common Stock (as defined below) owned by it, him or her in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not redeem
any shares of Common Stock owned by it, him or her in connection with such stockholder approval. If the Company seeks to consummate a
proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider agree that it, he or she
will not sell or tender any shares of Common Stock owned by it, him or her in connection therewith.

2. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agree that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business
Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or such later period approved by the Companys stockholders
in accordance with the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation (as it may be amended from time to time, the Charter),
the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the shares
of Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (as defined below), including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of funds withdrawn for working capital purposes (not to exceed $1,000,000
annually) and taxes payable, and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish all Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of the Companys remaining stockholders and the Companys board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case to the Companys obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable
law. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider agree to not propose any amendment to the Charter to modify the substance or timing
of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the required time period set forth in the Charter or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Offering Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of funds withdrawn
for working capital purposes (not to exceed $1,000,000 annually) and taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering
Shares.

The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and
each Insider acknowledge that it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares held by it, him or
her. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider hereby further waives, with respect to any shares of Common Stock held by it, him
or her, if any, any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection with (A) the consummation of a Business Combination, including,
without limitation, any such rights available in the context of a stockholder vote to approve such Business Combination, or (B) a
stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Charter to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem
100% of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter
or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or
in the context of a tender offer made by the Company to purchase Offering Shares (although the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind, the Insiders
and their respective affiliates shall be entitled to redemption and liquidation rights with respect to any Offering Shares it or they
hold if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter).

2

3. During the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after
such date, the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, (i) sell,
offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose
of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within
the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and
the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, with respect to any Units, shares of Common Stock (including,
but not limited to, Founder Shares), Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of Common
Stock owned by it, him or her, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any
of the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, shares of Common Stock (including, but not limited to, Founder Shares), Rights
or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock owned by it, him or her, whether any such
transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect
any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii). Each of the Insiders, Mr. Jaigobind and the Sponsor acknowledges and agrees
that, prior to the effective date of any release or waiver, of the restrictions set forth in this paragraph 3 or paragraph 7 below, the
Company shall announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service at least two business days before
the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted shall only be effective two business days after the publication
date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer
not for consideration and the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this Letter Agreement to the
extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of the transfer.

4. In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account upon the failure of the Company to consummate its
initial Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter, the Sponsor (the Indemnitor)
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including,
but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation,
whether pending or threatened) to which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) any prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written
letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement (a Target);
provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Indemnitor (x) shall apply only to the extent necessary
to ensure that such claims by a third party or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of
(i) $10.10 per Offering Share (or $10.087 per Offering Share if the Underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) and
(ii) the actual amount per Offering Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less
than $10.10 per Offering Share (or $10.087 per Offering Share if the Underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full) is then
held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, (y) shall not apply to any claims
by a third party or a Target which executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such
waiver is enforceable) and (z) shall not apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the Underwriters against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Indemnitor shall have the right to defend against
any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within 15 days following written receipt of notice
of the claim to the Indemnitor, the Indemnitor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

3

5. To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional
1,200,000 Units within 45 days from the date of the Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind
agree to forfeit, on a pro-rata basis and at no cost, a number of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal to 300,000 multiplied by a fraction,
(i) the numerator of which is 1,200,000 minus the number of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment
option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 1,200,000. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option
is not exercised in full by the Underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent an aggregate of 20.0% of the Companys issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including shares of Common Stock underlying the Rights, $15 Exercise Price Warrants, Private
Units (as defined below), Underwriter Units (as defined below), or EarlyBird Units (as defined below)). The Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind
further agree that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased, the Company will purchase or sell Units
or effect a share repurchase or share capitalization, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering in such
amount as to maintain the ownership of the initial stockholders prior to the Public Offering at 20.0% of its issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock upon the consummation of the Public Offering (not including shares of Common Stock underlying the Rights, $15 Exercise
Price Warrants, Private Units, Underwriter Units or EarlyBird Units). In connection with such increase or decrease in the size of the
Public Offering, then (A) the references to 1,200,000 in the numerator and denominator of the formula in the first sentence of this
paragraph shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of shares of Common Stock included in the Units issued in the Public
Offering and (B) the reference to 300,000 in the formula set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be adjusted to such
number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind would have to surrender to the Company in order for the initial stockholders
to hold an aggregate of 20.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock after the Public Offering (not including
shares of Common Stock underlying the Rights, $15 Exercise Price Warrants, Private Units, Underwriter Units or EarlyBird Units).

In the case that additional shares of
Common Stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Public Offering and related
to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will effect a share capitalization immediately prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination in such amount as to maintain the ownership of the initial stockholders prior
to the initial Business Combination at 20.0% of its issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of the initial
Business Combination (not including shares of Common Stock underlying the Rights, $15 Exercise Price Warrants, Private Units, Underwriter
Units or EarlyBird Units) (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Common Stock by Public Stockholders), including the total
number of shares of Common Stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, and
excluding any shares or equity- linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares issued, or to be issued, to any
seller in the initial Business Combination.

4

6. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider hereby agree and acknowledge that: (i) the Underwriters
and the Company would be irreparably injured in the event of a breach by the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind or an Insider of its, his or
her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7(a), 7(b) and 9, as applicable, of this Letter Agreement, (ii) monetary damages
may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition
to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.

7. (a) The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider agree that it, he or she shall not Transfer
any Founder Shares (or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) until, (i) with respect to 50% of the Founder
Shares, the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and (B) the date
on which the closing price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Companys initial Business
Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, one year after the date of the consummation of the
initial Business Combination, or earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a
subsequent liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property (the Founder
Shares Lock-up Period).

(b) The
Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider agree that it, he or she shall not Transfer (i) any Private Units (or any securities
underlying the Private Units, including the shares of Common Stock and Private Rights (as defined below) included in the Private Units
and the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Private Rights) or (ii) any $15 Exercise Price Warrants
(or any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants), until 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination (together with the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Lock-up Periods).

5

(c) Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares, $15 Exercise Price Warrants, Private Units,
component securities of Private Units and shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants, the Private Rights, or the Founder Shares that are held by the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind, any Insider or any of their
permitted transferees (that have complied with this paragraph 7(c)), are permitted (a) to the Companys officers or directors,
any affiliate or family member of any of the Companys officers or directors, any affiliate of the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind or
to any member of the Sponsor or any of their affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of such individuals
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such individuals immediate family, an affiliate of such
individual or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon
death of such individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private
sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation
of an initial Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) by
virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, the Sponsors limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor; (g) in
the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination; or (h) in the event of the
Companys liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to the Companys completion
of an initial Business Combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f), these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer restrictions herein and the other
restrictions contained in this Agreement (including provisions relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

8. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider represent and warrant that it, he or she has never been
suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license
or registration denied, suspended or revoked. Each Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company (including any such
information included in the Prospectus) is true and accurate in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to
the Insiders background. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company is true
and accurate in all respects. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider represent and warrant that: it, he or she is not subject
to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any
act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it, he or she has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty
to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining
to any dealings in any securities and it, he or she is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

9. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind nor any officer, nor any
affiliate of the Sponsor, or any officer, nor any director of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement,
consulting fee, non-cash payments, monies in respect of any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with
any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the
type of transaction that it is), other than the following, none of which will be made from the proceeds held in the Trust Account prior
to the completion of the initial Business Combination: repayment of a loan and advances up to an aggregate of $150,000 made to the Company
by the Sponsor; payments to the Sponsor for certain office space, secretarial and administrative services as may be reasonably required
by the Company of $15,000 per month; reimbursement for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating
and completing an initial Business Combination, and repayment of loans, if any, and on such terms as to be determined by the Company from
time to time, made by the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or any of the Companys officers or directors to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, provided, that, if the Company does not consummate an initial
Business Combination, a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account may be used by the Company to repay such loaned
amounts so long as no proceeds from the Trust Account are used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private Units (as defined below),
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.

6

10. The Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement
to which it is bound (including, without limitation, any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer),
to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable, to serve as an officer and/or director on the board of directors of the Company
and hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company.

11. As used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more
businesses; (ii) Common Stock shall mean the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common
Stock); (iii) Founder Shares shall mean the 2,300,000 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding (up to 300,000 Shares of which are subject to complete or partial forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised
by the Underwriters) held by the Initial Stockholders; (iv) Initial Stockholders shall mean the Sponsor,
Mr. Jaigobind and any Insider that holds Founder Shares; (v) $15 Exercise Price Warrants shall mean
the 1,000,000 warrants to be purchased by our sponsor (and/or its designees) at $0.10 per warrant; (vi) Public Stockholders
shall mean the holders of securities issued in the Public Offering; (vii) Trust Account shall mean the
trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants shall be deposited;
(viii) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate,
pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or
increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16
of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any security, (b) entry
into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any
security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement
of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b); (ix) Underwriter Units
shall mean the units issued to the Underwriters in a private placement to be completed concurrently with the consummation of the Public
Offering; and (x) EarlyBird Units shall mean the units issued to EarlyBird Capital, Inc. in a private
placement to be completed concurrently with the consummation of the Public Offering.

7

12. The Company will maintain an insurance policy or policies providing directors and officers
liability insurance, and each Director shall be covered by such policy or policies, in accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any of the Companys directors or officers.

13. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect
of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written
or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement
may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by
a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

14. No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void
and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall
be binding on the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

15. Nothing in this Letter Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation
other than the parties hereto any right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Letter Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation,
promise or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and agreements contained in this Letter Agreement shall
be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns and permitted
transferees.

16. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of
such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and
the same instrument.

17. This Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or
provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore,
in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this
Letter Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

18. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of
another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating
in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

8

19. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt
requested), by hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile transmission.

20. This Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods
or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the
Public Offering is not consummated by January 28, 2025; provided further that paragraph 4 of this Letter Agreement shall survive
such liquidation.

[Signature Page Follows]

9

Sincerely,

FG MERGER INVESTORS II LLC

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Manager

By: /s/ Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind 

Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind

/s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Larry G. Swets, Jr.

/s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Hassan R. Baqar

/s/ Andrew B. McIntyre

Andrew B. McIntyre

/s/ Scott D. Wollney

Scott D. Wollney

/s/ Richard E. Govignon

Richard E. Govignon

Acknowledged and Agreed:

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr. 

Name: Larry G. Swets, Jr. 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 28, 2025 by and between FG Merger II
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New
York corporation, a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-275155 (the Registration Statement) and prospectus
(the Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units),
each of which consists of one share of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (such initial
public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; and

WHEREAS, the Company has
entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with ThinkEquity LLC, as a representative
(the Representative) of the several underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;
and

WHEREAS, as described in
the Prospectus, $80,800,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units and $15 Exercise Price Warrants
(each as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) (or $92,800,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full)
will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the
Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Common Stock included in the Units issued
in the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is
referred to herein as the Property, the stockholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the
Property will be referred to as the Public Stockholders, and the Public Stockholders and the Company will
be referred to together as the Beneficiaries); and

WHEREAS, the Company and
the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS
AGREED:

1. Agreements
and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold
the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee
in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion
or more), maintained by the Trustee and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage,
supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In
a timely manner, upon the written instruction of the Company, invest and reinvest the Property solely in United States government securities
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less,
or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
as determined by the Company; it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting
the Companys instructions hereunder and the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect
and receive, when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property,
as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly
notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action
by the Company;

(f) Supply
any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys
preparation of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account;

(g) Participate
in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the
Company to do so;

(h) Render
to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements
of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence
liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter
from the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A
or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by any of its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Executive Vice President, Vice President, Secretary or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board)
or other authorized officer of the Company, and, in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by the Representative,
and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of funds withdrawn for working capital purposes (not to exceed $1,000,000
annually) and taxes payable, and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter
and the other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is, the later of (1) 24 months from the closing of
the Offering and (2) such later date as may be approved by the Companys stockholders in accordance with the Companys
amended and restated articles of incorporation if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which
case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B
and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be
net of funds withdrawn for working capital purposes (not to exceed $1,000,000 annually) and taxes payable, and up to $100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Stockholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon
written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C
(a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company
the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligation owed by the Company as a result of
assets of the Company or interest or other income earned on the Property, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by
electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority,
so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, however,
that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets
held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed
that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request
of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall
have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon
written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D
(a Stockholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company
the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem shares of Common Stock from Public Stockholders properly submitted in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation to modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of shares of Common Stock included in the Units sold in the Offering (the
public shares) if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is
described in the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation or with respect to any other material provisions relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall
constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to
look beyond said request;

2

(l) Upon
written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit E,
withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company
to cover the Companys working capital requirements (in an amount not to exceed $1,000,000 annually), which amount shall be delivered
directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment; provided, however, that to the extent there is
not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to make such distribution, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account
as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution, so long as such distribution shall not result in a reduction
in the principal amount initially deposited in the Trust Account (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of
interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above
shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look
beyond said request; and

(m) Not
make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j) or (k) above.

2. Agreements
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give
all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer, President, Executive Vice President, Vice President or Secretary. In addition, except with respect to its duties under
Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected
in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given
by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions
in writing;

(b) Subject
to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including
reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and
in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim
or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any
interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful
misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding,
pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing
of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct
and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with
respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified
Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may participate
in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay
the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee, and transaction
processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property
shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(j) hereof.
The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering.
The Trustee shall refund to the Company the annual administration fee (on a pro rata basis) with respect to any period after the liquidation
of the Trust Account. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c),
Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In
connection with any vote of the Companys stockholders regarding a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (the Business Combination),
provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the stockholder meeting verifying the vote of such
stockholders regarding such Business Combination;

3

(e) Provide
the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect
to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same; and

(f) Instruct
the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make
any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement.

3. Limitations
of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply
obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement
and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take
any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability
to any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute
any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind
with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to
do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund
any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume
that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise
in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The
other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in
good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The
Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel
(including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper
or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability
of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed
or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination
or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed
by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent
thereto;

(g) Verify
the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide
any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by
the Registration Statement;

(i) File
information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements
to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

4

(j) Prepare,
execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating
to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to,
tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify
calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or
1(k) hereof.

4. Trust
Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it
may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company
and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If
the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable
efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time
that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this
Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the
transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided,
however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation
notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York
or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from
any liability whatsoever; or

(b) At
such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of
Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement
shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b).

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The
Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred
from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures
to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained
access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall
rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information
relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees
gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any
error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may
be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute
but one instrument.

(c) This
Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Subject to
Section 6(d) hereof, this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct
a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

5

(d) This
Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified pursuant to Section 6(c) hereof with the Consent
of the Stockholders. For purposes of this Section 6(d), the Consent of the Stockholders means receipt by the Trustee
of a certificate from the inspector of elections of the stockholder meeting certifying that the Companys stockholders of record
as of a record date established in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended (or any successor rule), who hold sixty-five
percent (65%) or more of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock have voted in favor of such change, amendment or modification.
No such amendment will affect any Public Stockholder who has otherwise indicated his election to redeem his shares of Common Stock in
connection with a stockholder vote sought to amend this Agreement to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation
to redeem 100% of the Common Stock if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the time frame specified
in the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees gross
negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee may rely conclusively on the certification from the inspector or elections referenced
above and shall be relieved of all liability to any party for executing the proposed amendment in reliance thereon.

(e) The
parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York,
for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,
EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(f) Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by electronic
mail:

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

FG Merger II Corp.

104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A

Itasca, Illinois 60143

Attn: Hassan R. Baqar

Email: emily@fgfinancial.com

in each case, with copies to:

Blank Rome LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10020

Attn: Brad L. Shiffman

Email: bshiffman@BlankRome.com

And

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attn: Head of Investment Banking

Email: notices@thinkequity.com

And

6

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn.: Mitchell S. Nussbaum

Giovanni Caruso

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com

gcaruso@loeb.com

(g) Each
of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this
Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not
make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust
Account under any circumstance.

(h) This
Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation,
negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(i) This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall
together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic transmission
shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

(j) Each
of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters is a third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement.

(k) Except
as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee

By: /s/ Francis Wolf

Name: Francis Wolf

Title: Vice President

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Investment Management
Trust Agreement]

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount 

Initial set-up fee. Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 

Trustee administration fee Payable annually. First year fee payable, at initial closing
of Offering by wire transfer, thereafter by wire transfer or check. $ 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under
Sections 1 and 2 Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under
Section 1 and 2 $ 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Section 1(i) and
1(k) Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Section 1(i) and
1(k) Prevailing rates 

EXHIBIT A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: [Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez]

Re: Trust
Account - Termination Letter

Dear [Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez]:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (Trustee), dated as of __________, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with ___________ (the Target Business)
to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert
date]. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date (or such shorter period as you
may agree) of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account, and to transfer the
proceeds to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the
funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on
the Consummation Date.

On the Consummation Date
(i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will
be consummated concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification),
and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Co-Executive
Chairman or Vice Chairman, which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys stockholders,
if a vote is held and (b) a written instruction signed by the Company with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust
Account, including payment of amounts owed to public stockholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights (the Instruction
Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your
receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain
deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing
of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the
Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses
related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day
immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in such notice as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours,

FG Merger II Corp.

By: 

Name:

Title:

Agreed and acknowledged by: 

ThinkEquity LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account -Termination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _________, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business (the Business
Combination) within the time frame specified in the Companys Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as
described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Operating Account and to transfer the total
proceeds into a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries to await distribution to the Public Stockholders. The Company
has selected __________1 as the effective
date for the purpose of determining when the Public Stockholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds.
You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to
the Companys Public Stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Amended and Restated Articles of
Incorporation of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses
related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise
provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours,

FG Merger II Corp.

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: ThinkEquity LLC

1
24 months from the closing of the Offering or such later date as may be approved by the Companys stockholders in
accordance with the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation.

EXHIBIT C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account - Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ________, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $_______ of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours,

FG Merger II
Corp.

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: ThinkEquity LLC

EXHIBIT D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf & Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account -Stockholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of _____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Stockholders of the Company $____ of the principal and interest
income earned on the Property as of the date hereof to a segregated account held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries. Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Stockholders who have properly elected to have their shares of Common Stock redeemed by the Company in connection with
a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation to modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of public shares of Common Stock if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within such time as is described in the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation or with respect
to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are
hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to a segregated account
held by you on behalf of the Beneficiaries.

Very truly yours,

FG Merger II Corp.

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: ThinkEquity LLC

EXHIBIT E

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust Account No. Working Capital Withdrawal Instruction

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to Section 1(l) of
the Investment Management Trust Agreement between FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of [], 2025 (the TrustAgreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[_] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
for its working capital purposes. The Company hereby confirms that, during the current annual period and, after giving effect to this
request, the Company has only requested withdrawals from the Trust Account for working capital purposes in an aggregate amount of $ [____].
Accordingly, the Company confirms that your fulfillment of this request will not result in a withdrawal from the Trust Account for the
Companys working capital purposes of more than $1,000,000 annually. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are
hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours,

FG Merger II Corp.

By: 

Name:

Title:

cc: ThinkEquity LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of January 28, 2025, is made and entered into by and among FG Merger II Corp.,
a Nevada corporation (the Company), FG Merger Investors II LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the Sponsor),
ThinkEquity LLC, as a representative of the underwriters (the Underwriters), Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind (Mr. Jaigobind)
and the undersigned parties listed on the signature page hereto under Holders (each such party, together with the Sponsor,
Mr. Jaigobind, the Underwriters and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2
of this Agreement, a Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company
has 2,300,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), issued and outstanding, up to 300,000
of which will be forfeited to the Company for no consideration depending on the extent to which the Underwriters of the Companys
initial public offering (the Offering) exercise their over-allotment option (such Common Stock, the Founder
Shares);

WHEREAS, on January 28,
2025, the Company and the Sponsor entered into that certain $15 Exercise Price Warrants Purchase Agreement (the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase 1,000,000 private placement warrants
at $0.10 per warrant (the $15 Exercise Price Warrants ) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously
with the closing of the Offering;

WHEREAS, on January 28,
2025, the Company, the Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind entered into that certain Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement (the Private
Placement Units Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor and Mr. Jaigobind agreed to purchase an aggregate
of 248,300 units (the Private Units), each Private Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock (the Private
Shares) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business
combination (the Private Rights) in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the closing
of the Offering;

WHEREAS, the Company
has entered into that certain underwriting agreement with the Underwriters (the Underwriting Agreement), pursuant
to which the Company has agreed to issue to the Underwriter 40,000 units (or up to 46,000 units depending on the extent to which the Underwriters
exercise their over-allotment option) (the Underwriter Units), each Underwriter Unit consisting of one share
of Common Stock (the Underwriter Shares) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock
upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the Underwriter Rights) in a private placement transaction
occurring simultaneously with the Offering;

WHEREAS, the Company
has entered into that certain financial advisory services engagement letter with EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (EarlyBird),
pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue to EarlyBird 7,500 units (the EarlyBird Units), each EarlyBird
Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock (the EarlyBird Shares) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the EarlyBird Rights)
in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with the Offering;

WHEREAS, in order to
finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with its search for and consummation of an initial Business Combination (as
defined below), the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors may loan to the Company
funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the Company (Working
Capital Units and together with the Private Units, the Units) at a price of $10.00 per
unit at the option of the lender, each Working Capital Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock (the Working Capital
Shares) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business
combination (the Working Capital Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company
and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights
with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive
Officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be
made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose
for not making such information public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more businesses, involving the Company.

Commission
shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

EarlyBird
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

EarlyBird Rights
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

EarlyBird Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

EarlyBird Units
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form S-1
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

2

Founder Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
thereof.

Founder Shares
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares, the period ending on (A) with respect to 50% of the
Founder Shares, the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination and (ii) the
date on which the closing price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period commencing after the Companys initial
Business Combination or (B) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, one year after the date of the completion of
the Companys initial Business Combination.

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter
shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 28, 2025, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, Mr. Jaigobind
and each of the Companys senior advisor to the board of directors, officers, directors and director nominees.

Maximum Number
of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made) not misleading.

Offering
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, Private Placement Lock-up Period, Underwriter Lock-up Period, or any other lock-up
period, as the case may be, under the Insider Letter, the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the $15 Exercise Price Warrants
Purchase Agreement, the Underwriting Agreement, this Agreement and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company,
and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement
Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Units and $15 Exercise Price Warrants that are held by the initial purchasers
of such $15 Exercise Price Warrants and Private Units or their Permitted Transferees, the Private Units, the securities underlying such
Private Units, the $15 Exercise Price Warrants, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants, and that are held by the initial purchasers of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants or their Permitted Transferees, the period
ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Units
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Rights
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Pro Rata
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

3

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares and the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Founder Shares, (b) the
$15 Exercise Price Warrants (including any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants),
(c) the Underwriter Units (including the Underwriter Shares and any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion
of the Underwriter Rights), (d) the Private Units (including the Private Shares and any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Private Rights), (e) the EarlyBird Units (including the EarlyBird Shares and any shares of Common Stock issued
or issuable upon the exercise of the EarlyBird Rights), (f) the Working Capital Units (including the Working Capital Shares and any
shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the Working Capital Rights), (g) any outstanding shares of Common
Stock or any other equity security (including the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security)
of the Company held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement, and (h) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable
with respect to any such share of Common Stock by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares,
recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security,
such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities
shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in
accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such
securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution
of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding;
(D) such securities may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor
rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission) (but with no volume or other restrictions or limitations); or (E) such securities
have been sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming
effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all
registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.)
and any securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed;

(B) fees
and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters
in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing,
messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable
fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection with such Registration;
and

(F) reasonable
fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration
to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements
to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting Holder
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

4

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriters
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Underwriter Lock-up
Period shall mean, with respect to the Underwriter Units and the securities underlying such Underwriter Units that are
held by the Underwriters or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending after the completion of the Companys initial Business
Combination.

Underwriting
Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter Rights
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter Shares
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwriter Units
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Underwritten
Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the
Company are sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Working Capital
Rights shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Working Capital
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

$15 Exercise
Price Warrants Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

$15 Exercise
Price Warrants shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

ARTICLE II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand
Registration.

2.1.1 Request
for Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time
on or after the date the Company consummates the Business Combination, the Holders of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the then-outstanding
number of Registrable Securities (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration of all
or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such
Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration).
The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other
Holders of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a
portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes
all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder)
shall so notify the Company, in writing, within five (5) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon
receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall
be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect,
as soon thereafter as practicable, but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand
Registration, the Registration of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders pursuant to such
Demand Registration. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations
pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with respect to any or all Registrable Securities; provided,
however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration
statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1) has become effective and all of the Registrable
Securities requested by the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting Holders in such
Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

5

2.1.2 Effective
Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the
Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the
Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if,
after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand
Registration is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental
agency the Registration Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until,
(i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the
Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; and provided, further, that the Company
shall not be obligated or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed
with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten
Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the
Demanding Holders so advise the Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant
to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder
(if any) to include its Registrable Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such
Underwritten Offering and the inclusion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided
herein. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection
2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering
by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction
of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration,
in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number
of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other
Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Common Stock, if any, as to which a Registration has
been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other stockholders who desire to sell,
exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely
affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum
dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then
the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders
and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and
Requesting Holder (if any) has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities
that the Demanding Holders and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration (such proportion is referred
to herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (ii) second,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Registrable Securities of
Holders (Pro Rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Holder has so requested) exercising their rights
to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and
(ii), the Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii), the Common Stock or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register
in a Registration pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Securities.

6

2.1.5 Demand
Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest
of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration
pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters
(if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the
Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.5.

2.2 Piggyback
Registration.

2.2.1 Piggyback
Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration
Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or
exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of stockholders of the Company (or by
the Company and by the stockholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than
a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange
offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing stockholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible
into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such
proposed filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the
anticipated filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any,
in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number
of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such
Registration a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities
to be included in such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed
Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included
in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and
to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection
2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering
by the Company.

2.2.2 Reduction
of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggyback Registration,
in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback Registration in writing that
the dollar amount or number of the shares of Common Stock that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the shares of
Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or
entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has
been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the shares of Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration
has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of the Company, exceeds
the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If
the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the
Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable
Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof (pro
rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested be included in such Registration), which
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities
has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Common Stock, if any, as to which Registration has been requested
pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Securities;

7

(b) If
the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall
include in any such Registration (A) first, the Common Stock or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities,
other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of
Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata based on the number
of Registrable Securities that each Holder has requested be included in such Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities
that the Holders have requested to be included in such Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B),
the Common Stock or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses
(A), (B) and (C), the Common Stock or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated
to register pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the
Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3 Piggyback
Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration for any
or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention
to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect
to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for withdrawal
by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in connection
with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback Registration
prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited
Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall
not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Registrations
on Form S-3. The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company,
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the
resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available
at such time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request
through an Underwritten Offering. Within five (5) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders
of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration
on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include
all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so notify the Company, in writing,
within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more
than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company
shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with
all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification
given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant to
Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the Holders of Registrable Securities,
together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the
Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $10,000,000.

2.4 Restrictions
on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith
estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated
Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant
to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement
to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain
the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would
be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration
Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board
stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement
to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the
Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company
shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month period.

8

ARTICLE III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General
Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required to effect the
Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such
Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as expeditiously
as possible:

3.1.1 prepare
and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable
best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by
such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the
Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations
or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder
to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance
with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior
to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters,
if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such
Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each
preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration
or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such
Holders;

3.1.4 prior
to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered
by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders
of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take
such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by
such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other
acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement
to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take
any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise
so subject;

3.1.5 cause
all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued
by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide
a transfer agent, warrant agent or rights agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective
date of such Registration Statement;

9

3.1.7 advise
each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any
stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding
for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if
such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at
least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration
Statement furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities and its counsel, including, without limitation, providing
copies promptly upon receipt of any comment letters received with respect to any such Registration Statement or Prospectus;

3.1.9 notify
the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act,
of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit
a representative of the Holders (such representative to be selected by a majority of the participating Holders), the Underwriters, if
any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons own expense, in
the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information
reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration; provided,
however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information; and provided further, the Company may not include the
name of any Holder or Underwriter or any information regarding any Holder or Underwriter in any Registration Statement or Prospectus,
any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such
Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any response to any comment letter, without the prior written consent of such Holder or Underwriter
and providing each such Holder or Underwriter a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on such applicable document, which comments
the Company shall include unless contrary to applicable law;

3.1.11 obtain
a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten
Registration which the participating Holders may rely on, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered
by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest
of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on
the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel
representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any,
and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given
as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and
negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in
the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary
form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14 make
available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12)
months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement
which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor
rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if
the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable
efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may
be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

10

3.1.16 otherwise,
in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection
with such Registration.

3.2 Registration
Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the
Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions
and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration Expenses,
all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements
for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company
pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities
on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires,
powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required
under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension
of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains
a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received
copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare
and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing
by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion
in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control,
the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend
use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith
by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders
agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration
in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration
of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4 and, upon the expiration of any such period, the Holders
shall be entitled to resume the use of any such Prospectus in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities.

3.5 Reporting
Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company
under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take
such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell shares
of Common Stock held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing
any legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized
officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

3.6 Limitation
on Registration Rights. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Underwriters may not exercise their rights under
Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereunder after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, after the effective date of the registration
statement relating to the Companys initial public offering and (ii) the Underwriters may not exercise their rights under Section 2.1
more than one time.

11

ARTICLE IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The
Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers and directors and each
person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses
(including attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement,
Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except insofar as the same are caused by
or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify
the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act)
to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In
connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to
the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration
Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and agents and each
person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses
(including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained in the
Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that such untrue
statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use therein; provided,
however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders of Registrable Securities,
and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the net proceeds received by
such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of Registrable Securities shall
indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities
Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any
person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect
to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification
hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys
reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit
such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense
is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its
consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume
the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel (plus local counsel) for all parties
indemnified by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict
of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying
party shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot
be settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such
settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified
party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The
indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer
of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions
as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders
indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

12

4.1.5 If
the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party,
in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of
such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying
party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party
and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information
supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability
of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering
giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above
shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any
legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties
hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection
4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices. Any
notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to
the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by
courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile.
Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given,
served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in
the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time as it
is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the
addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 104 S. Walnut
Street, Unit 1A, Itasca, Illinois 60143, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact information as set
forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written
notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as
provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This
Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or
in part.

5.2.2 The
rights granted to a Holder by the Company under this Agreement may be transferred or assigned (but only with all related obligations)
by a Holder only to a transferee of Registrable Securities that is a transferee or assignee of not less than 10,000 Registrable Securities
(as presently constituted and subject to subsequent adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, reverse stock splits and the like);
provided, that (x) such transfer or assignment of Registrable Securities is effected in accordance with applicable securities laws,
(y) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer, furnished with written notice of the name and address of such transferee
and the Registrable Securities with respect to which such rights are being transferred and (z) such transferee agrees in a written
instrument delivered to the Company to be bound by and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided, however,
that prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, Private Placement Lock-up Period, Underwriter Lock-up Period, as the
case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part,
except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee
agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

13

5.2.3 This
Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and
the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This
Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this
Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No
assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company
unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof
and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions
of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment
made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing
Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY
AGREE THAT (I) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS
AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF
SUCH JURISDICTION AND (II) THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW
YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

5.5 Amendments
and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities
at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or
any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any
amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of capital
stock of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent of
the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on the
part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies
of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as
a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.6 Other
Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right
to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration
filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents
and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and
in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.7 Term.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the fifteenth anniversary of the date of this Agreement or (ii) the date
as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the
applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated
thereafter by the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are permitted to sell the Registrable Securities
without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act with no volume or other restrictions
or limitations. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Name: Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDERS:

/s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Larry G. Swets, Jr.

/s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Hassan R. Baqar

/s/ Andrew B. McIntyre

Andrew B. McIntyre

/s/ Scott D. Wollney

Scott D. Wollney

/s/ Richard E. Govignon

Richard E. Govignon

FG MERGER INVESTORS II LLC

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Hassan R. Baqar

THINKEQUITY LLC

By: /s/ Eric Lord 

Name: Eric Lord

Title: Head of Investment Banking

FUNDAMENTAL GLOBAL, INC.

By: /s/ Kyle D. Cerminara 

Name: Kyle D. Cerminara

Title:

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

FG MERGER II CORP.

104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A,

Itasca, IL 60143

January 28, 2025

FG Merger Investors LLC

104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A,

Itasca, IL 60143

Re: Administrative Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement (this
Agreement) by and among FG Merger II Corp. (the Company) and FG Merger Investors
II LLC (the Sponsor), dated as of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date
the securities of the Company are first listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Listing Date), pursuant to
a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration
Statement) and continuing until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the
Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the
Termination Date):

1. The Sponsor shall make
available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, at 104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A, Itasca, IL 60143 (or any successor
location), office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative services as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange
therefor, the Company shall pay the Sponsor $15,000 per month on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination
Date; and

2. The Sponsor hereby irrevocably
waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement (each,
a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the trust account
established for the benefit of the public stockholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Companys
initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account), and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, this Agreement, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely affect
the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings,
agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter
hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This Agreement may not be
amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign
either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party.
Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any
interest or title to the purported assignee.

This Agreement constitutes
the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law
or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to its choice of law principles.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours,

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Name: Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED AND ACCEPTED BY:

FG MERGER INVESTORS LLC

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar 

Name: Hassan R. Baqar 

Title: Manager 

[Signature Page to Administrative Services
Agreement]

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

This INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is made as of January 28, 2025, by and between FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the
Company), and each of the undersigned (each, an Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, highly competent
persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided
with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising
out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

WHEREAS, the board
of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals,
the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company
and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities;

WHEREAS, directors,
officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming
litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise
itself;

WHEREAS, the Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Charter) and the Bylaws (the Bylaws)
of the Company require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification
pursuant to applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS). The Charter, Bylaws and the NRS expressly
provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered
into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement and reimbursement rights;

WHEREAS, the uncertainties
relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

WHEREAS, the Board
has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys
stockholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable,
prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses
on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company
free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

WHEREAS, this Agreement
is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Charter and Bylaws and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed
a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee
may not be willing to serve as an officer or director, advisor or in another capacity without adequate protection, and the Company desires
Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf
of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein, and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of January 28,
2025, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. SERVICES
TO THE COMPANY Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity
of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders Indemnitees
resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after
Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, in each case as
provided in Section 16. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees
service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2. DEFINITIONS.
As used in this Agreement:

(a) agent
shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized
by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or
other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request
of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

(b) Beneficial
Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated
under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) Change
in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following
events:

(i) Acquisition
of Stock by Third Party. Other than FG Merger Investors II LLC (the Sponsor) or any of its affiliates,
any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen
percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person
results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition
would not constitute a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

2

(ii) Change
in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board
or nomination for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still
in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively,
the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii) Corporate
Transactions. The effective date of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case,
unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial
Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially
own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which
as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through
one or more Subsidiaries (as defined below)) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business
Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor,
no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of fifteen
percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least
a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time
of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(iv) Liquidation.
The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the
sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys
current receivables or escrows due (or, if such stockholder approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a
liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(v) Other
Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule
14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the
Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(d) Corporate
Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing
member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving
at the request of the Company.

3

(e) Nevada
Court shall mean the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County.

(f) Disinterested
Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect
of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(g) Enterprise
shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation
or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
trustee, manager, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(h) Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(i) Expenses
shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable
attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private
investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees,
fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending,
preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating
in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise
compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from
any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any
cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in
settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

(j) fines
shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan.

(k) Independent
Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and that
neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material
to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar
indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable
standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee
in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

4

(l) Person
shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided,
however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company;
(iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned,
directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company;
and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as
defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the
same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.

(m) Proceeding
shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or
otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related
nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was
a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by Indemnitee or of any action (or failure to
act) on Indemnitees part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was
serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred
for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

(n) serving
at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company
which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit
plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in
the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in
a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(o) Subsidiary,
with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of
which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3. INDEMNITY
IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or
a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure
a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be
indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement
(including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection
with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

5

4. INDEMNITY
IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify,
hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened
to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure
a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be
indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees
behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for
Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally
adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the
Nevada Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the
case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration.

5. INDEMNIFICATION
FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 26,
to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee
is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold
harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any
claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without limitation, the termination
of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result
as to such claim, issue or matter.

6. INDEMNIFICATION
FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 26, to the extent that Indemnitee
is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is not a party
or threatened to be made a party, Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified, held harmless
and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.

6

7. ADDITIONAL
INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS. Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5 and except for Section 26,
the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee
is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure
a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all
interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes
a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which
involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8. CONTRIBUTION
IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a) To
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this
Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless
or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities,
fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee
to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against
Indemnitee.

(b) The
Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined
in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c) The
Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought
by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9. ADVANCES
OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a) Notwithstanding
any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, except for Section 26, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law,
the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three
months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting
such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be made without regard to Indemnitees
ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated
under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to
enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances
claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding
shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to
the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated by the Company
under the provisions of this Agreement, the Charter, the Bylaws, applicable law or otherwise.

7

(b) The
Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c) The
Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, liability, fine,
penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

10. PROCEDURE
FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) Indemnitee
agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information
or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or
exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve
the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b) Indemnitee
may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement.
Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole
discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification
shall be determined according to Section 11(a) of this Agreement.

11. PROCEDURE
UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a) A
determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific
case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested
Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum
of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel
in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee; or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred,
by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company promptly will
advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description
of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the
person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing
to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise
protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or
Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons
or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement
to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

8

(b) In
the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof,
the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 11(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee
(unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising
it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board,
the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying
that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of
this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written
notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such
selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not
meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set
forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as
Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent
Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without
merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 10(b) hereof,
no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Nevada Court for
resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel
and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Nevada Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections
are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 11(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement
of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be
discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing).

(c) The
Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent
Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant
hereto.

9

12. PRESUMPTIONS
AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a) In
making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 10(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption
in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure
of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable
standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has
not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(b) If
the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 11 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be deemed to have been made and
Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission
of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification,
or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided,
however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person,
persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time
for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c) The
termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the
right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

(d) For
purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action
is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee
by the directors, trustees, general partners, managers or managing members of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the
advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or
managing member of the Enterprise, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the
Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member of the Enterprise, by an independent certified public accountant
or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general
partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 12(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit
in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth
in this Agreement.

10

(e) The
knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent
or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

13. REMEDIES
OF INDEMNITEE.

(a) In
the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant
to Section 9 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to
Section 11(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment
of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 11(a) of this Agreement within
ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely
manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement
is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment
to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance with this
Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Nevada Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to
be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration
Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Nevada law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any
such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

(b) In
the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 shall be conducted in all respects
as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c) In
any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled
to be indemnified, held harmless, and exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have
the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, and exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses,
as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 11(a) of
this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 13, Indemnitee
shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 9 until a final determination is made with respect
to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

11

(d) If
a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13,
absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law.

(e) The
Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 13 that the
procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any
such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) The
Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by
Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration
brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other
indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Charter, or the Bylaws now or hereafter
in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless
of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right,
advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by
Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest
shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under Nevada law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless
or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date
on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses
and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

14. SECURITY.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 26, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the
Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder
through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not
be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

12

15. NON-EXCLUSIVITY;
SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a) The
rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time
be entitled under applicable law, the Charter, the Bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise.
No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under
this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim,
issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate
Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision,
permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under
the Charter, the Bylaws or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater
benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and
every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing
at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b) The
NRS, the Charter and the Bylaws permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements
including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements)
on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against Indemnitee or incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee or in such capacity
as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of Indemnitees status as such, whether or not the Company
would have the power to indemnify Indemnitee against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the NRS, as it may
then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or
affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company
or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

(c) To
the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees,
partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves
at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the
maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee
is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect,
the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective
policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee,
all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

13

(d) In
the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be subrogated to the extent
of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to
secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

(e) The
Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at
the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other
Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or
advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 25,
(i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys
satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations
under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless,
exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

16. DURATION
OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as
a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the
request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any
rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement) by reason of Indemnitees
Corporate Status, whether or not Indemnitee is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which
indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

17. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any
Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not
itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest
extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable
law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of
this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such
provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as
to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

14

18. ENFORCEMENT
AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a) The
Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order
to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.

(b) Without
limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Charter or Bylaws as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c) The
indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall
be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect
successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee,
general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall
inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitees spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal
representatives.

(d) The
Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially
all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e) The
Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable
and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree
that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief
and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive
relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which Indemnitee
may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be entitled to
such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions,
without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a
waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby waives any such requirement
of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by law.

15

19. MODIFICATION
AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company
and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions
of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

20. NOTICES.
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed
on such delivery, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the
date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If
to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide
in writing to the Company.

(b) If
to the Company, to:

FG Merger II Corp.

104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A

Itasca, Illinois 60143

Attention: Larry G. Swets, Jr., Chief Executive Officer

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, New York 10174

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum

Giovanni Caruso

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in
writing by the Company.

21. APPLICABLE
LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any
arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the
Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Nevada Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America
or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Nevada Court for purposes of any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action
or proceeding in the Nevada Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding
brought in the Nevada Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such
action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 20 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and
sufficient service thereof.

16

22. IDENTICAL
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against
whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

23. MISCELLANEOUS.
Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs
of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction
thereof.

24. PERIOD
OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against
Indemnitee, Indemnitees spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from
the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released
unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern.

25. ADDITIONAL
ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required
to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected
or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

26. WAIVER
OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does
not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust
account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares
issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided
to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27. MAINTENANCE
OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for
which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance
companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the
Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or
policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under
such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the
Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[Signature Page Follows]

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Larry G. Swets

Name: Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE

/s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Larry G. Swets, Jr.

/s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Hassan R. Baqar

/s/ Andrew B. McIntyre

Andrew B. McIntyre

/s/ Scott D. Wollney

Scott D. Wollney

/s/ Richard E. Govignon

Richard E. Govignon

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of the 28th day of January, 2025, by and between FG Merger
II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 104 S. Walnut Street, Unit
1A, Itasca, Illinois 60143, and Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind (Subscriber), an individual, and FG Merger
Investors II LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the Sponsor), having its principal place of business at 104
S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A, Itasca, Illinois 60143.

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to sell to Subscriber on a private placement basis (the Placement) 25,000 units (the Units),
each Unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock) and
one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (Right),
for a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. The shares of Common Stock underlying the Rights are hereinafter referred to as the Rights
Shares. The shares of Common Stock underlying the Units (excluding the Rights Shares) are hereinafter referred to as the Placement
Shares. The Rights underlying the Units are hereinafter referred to as the Placement Rights. Each Placement
Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation of our initial business combination
(the Business Combination);

WHEREAS, the Subscriber wishes
to purchase an aggregate of 25,000 Units, and the Company wishes to accept such subscription from the Subscriber; and

WHEREAS, the Sponsor desires
to transfer 75,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Founder Shares) to the Subscriber. The Units, Placement
Shares, Placement Rights, Rights Shares, and Founder Shares, collectively, are hereinafter referred to as the Securities.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Subscriber hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement
to Subscribe

1.1. Purchase
of the Securities. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, (i) the Subscriber hereby agrees to purchase
from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Subscriber, on the Closing Date (as defined below) the Units in consideration
of the payment of the Unit Purchase Price (as defined below) and (ii) the Subscriber hereby agrees to purchase from the Sponsor,
and the Sponsor hereby agrees to sell to the Subscriber, on the date hereof, the Founder Shares in consideration of the payment of the
Founder Share Purchase Price (as defined below). On the Closing Date, the Company shall, at its option, deliver to the Subscriber the
certificates representing the Securities purchased or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

1.2. (a) Unit
Purchase. As payment in full for the Units being purchased under this Agreement, Subscriber shall pay $250,000 (the Unit
Purchase Price) by wire transfer of immediately available funds or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable to
the Company, to the trust account (the Trust Account) at a financial institution to be chosen by the Company, maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee (Continental) one (1) business day
prior to the date of effectiveness of the registration statement in connection with the IPO, as amended as of such date (the Registration
Statement).

(b) Founder Share
Purchase. For $815.22 (the Founder Share Purchase Price), the Sponsor hereby transfers to the Subscriber the
Founder Shares. The Investor is aware that the Sponsor has entered into a certain Limited Liability Company Agreement with its members
(the LLC Agreement), the form of which is attached as Exhibit A. The Subscriber agrees that the Securities
will be subject to the adjustments in Section 4.5 of the LLC Agreement as if the Subscriber indirectly purchased shares of Common
Stock of the Company by investing $250,000 in Class A Units of the Sponsor. The Sponsor agrees that any future adjustments made
to the number of Securities will be made pursuant to the provisions of the LLC Agreement and on a pro-rata basis with other members of
the Sponsor.

1.3. Closing.
The closing of the purchase and sale of the Units (the Closing Date) shall take place simultaneously with the closing
of the Companys initial public offering of units (the IPO). The closing of the purchase and sale of the Units
shall take place at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154, or such other place as may be
agreed upon by the parties hereto.

1.4. Termination.
This Agreement and each of the obligations of the undersigned shall be null and void and without effect if a Closing does not occur prior
to January 28, 2025.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Subscriber

The Subscriber represents
and warrants that:

2.1. No
Government Recommendation or Approval. The Subscriber understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation
or endorsement of the Company or the Placement of the Securities.

2.2. Accredited
Investor. The Subscriber represents that it is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and acknowledges that the sale contemplated
hereby is being made in reliance, among other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited investors under the
Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law.

2.3. Intent.
The Subscriber is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for Subscribers own account (and/or for the account
or benefit of its members or affiliates, as permitted, pursuant to the terms of an agreement (the Insider Letter)
to be entered into with respect to the Securities between, among others, the Subscriber and the Company, as described in the Registration
Statement), and not with a view to the distribution thereof and the Subscriber has no present arrangement to sell the Securities to or
through any person or entity except as may be permitted under the Insider Letter. the Subscriber shall not engage in hedging transactions
with regard to the Securities unless in compliance with the Securities Act.

2.4. Restrictions
on Transfer. The Subscriber acknowledges and understands the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving a public
offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities
Act and, if in the future the Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be
offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities
Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) pursuant
to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable
securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Subscriber acknowledges and understands the
Securities are subject to transfer restrictions as described in Section 8 hereof. The Subscriber agrees that if any transfer of
its Securities or any interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any such transfer, the Subscriber may be required
to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company with respect to such transfer. Absent registration or another
available exemption from registration, the Subscriber agrees it will not resell the Securities (unless otherwise permitted pursuant to
the Insider Letter, as described in the Registration Statement). The Subscriber further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell
company, Rule 144 may not be available to the Subscriber for the resale of the Securities until the one year anniversary following
consummation of the initial Business Combination of the Company, despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144
and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

2.5. Sophisticated
Investor.

(i) The
Subscriber is sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Securities.

2

(ii) The
Subscriber is aware that an investment in the Securities is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks because, among other
things, the Securities are subject to transfer restrictions and have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot
be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. The Subscriber is
able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Securities for an indefinite period of time.

2.6. Independent
Investigation. The Subscriber, in making the decision to purchase the Securities, has relied upon an independent investigation of
the Company and has not relied upon any information or representations made by any third parties or upon any oral or written representations
or assurances from the Company, its officers, directors or employees or any other representatives or agents of the Company, other than
as set forth in this Agreement. The Subscriber is familiar with the business, operations and financial condition of the Company and has
had an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from the Companys officers and directors concerning the Company and
the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and has had full access to such other information concerning the Company as
the Subscriber has requested. The Subscriber confirms that all documents that it has requested have been made available and that the
Subscriber has been supplied with all of the additional information concerning this investment which the Subscriber has requested.

2.7. Organization
and Authority. The Subscriber is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and
it possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.8. Authority.
This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable
in accordance with its terms, subject to the general principles of equity and to bankruptcy or other laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally.

2.9. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Subscriber of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Subscribers charter documents, (ii) any agreement
or instrument to which the Subscriber is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Subscriber is subject,
or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Subscriber is subject.

2.10. No
Legal Advice from Company. The Subscriber acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with the Subscribers own legal counsel and
investment and tax advisors. Except for any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements
entered into between the parties hereto, the Subscriber is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations
of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

2.11. Reliance
on Representations and Warranties. The Subscriber understands the Securities are being offered and sold to the Subscriber in reliance
on exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various
states, and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings of the Subscriber set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.12. No
General Solicitation. The Subscriber is not subscribing for the Securities as a result of or subsequent to any
general solicitation or general advertising, including but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published
in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television
or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting or in a registration statement with respect to the IPO filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC).

3

2.13. Legend.
The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees the certificates (if any) evidencing
each of the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend),
in form and substance substantially as set forth in Section 4 hereof.

3. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company

The Company represents and
warrants to, and agrees with, the Subscriber that:

3.1. Valid
Issuance of Capital Stock. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Company has authority to issue is
400,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), and 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value per share (Preferred Stock). As of the date hereof, the Company has issued and outstanding
2,300,000 shares of Common Stock (of which up to 300,000 shares are subject to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement)
and no shares of Preferred Stock. All of the issued shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized, validly issued,
and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3.2. Title
to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and that certain rights agreement to be
entered into between the Company and Continental, as rights agent (the Rights Agreement), as the case may be, each
of the Units, Placement Shares, Placement Rights and Rights Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. On
the date of issuance of the Units, the Rights Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment
pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Rights Agreement, as the case may be, the Subscriber will have or receive good title to the Units,
Placement Shares and Placement Rights, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer
restrictions hereunder and pursuant to the Insider Letter and (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws.

3.3. Organization
and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Nevada and has the requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4. Authorization;
Enforcement. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action, and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required, and (iii) this
Agreement constitutes valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar
laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general
application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or
principles of public policy.

3.5. No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys articles of incorporation or by-laws, (ii) conflict with, or
constitute a default under any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) any law statute, rule or regulation
to which the Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any SEC or state
securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration statement which may
be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent,
authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order
for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Units, Placement Shares, Placement Rights or Rights Shares
in accordance with the terms hereof.

4

4. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Company

The Sponsor represents and
warrants that it has full legal capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and to transfer the Founder Shares to the Subscriber,
and is not bound by any agreement, instrument or governmental order prohibiting such transfer. The Sponsor also represents that it is
transferring such interests free and clear of all liens and encumbrances other than those created by the terms of the Companys
organizational documents or imposed by applicable federal and state securities laws.

5. Legends

5.1. Legend.
The Company has issued the Founder Shares and will issue the Units, Placement Shares, Placement Rights, and when issued, the Rights Shares,
purchased by the Subscriber in the name of the Subscriber. The certificates (if any) evidencing Securities will bear the following Legend
and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
LAWS AND NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AND SUCH LAWS WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THIS CORPORATION, IS AVAILABLE.

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO LOCKUP PURSUANT TO AN INSIDER LETTER BETWEEN, AMONG OTHERS, FG MERGER II CORP., AND FG MERGER INVESTORS
II LLC, AND MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED DURING THE TERM OF THE LOCKUP PURSUANT TO THE
TERMS SET FORTH IN THE INSIDER LETTER.

5.2. Subscribers
Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Subscribers obligations and agreements to comply with
all applicable securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

5.3. Companys
Refusal to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole
judgment of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under
the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) in compliance
herewith and with the Insider Letter.

5.4. Registration
Rights. The Subscriber will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the Securities which will be governed by a
registration rights agreement (Registration Rights Agreement) to be entered into between, among others, the Subscriber
and the Company, on or prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement.

6. Waiver
of Liquidation Distributions.

In connection with the Securities
purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the Subscriber hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
distributions of the amounts in the Trust Account with respect to the Securities, whether (i) in connection with the exercise of
redemption rights if the Company consummates the Business Combination, (ii) in connection with any tender offer conducted by the
Company prior to a Business Combination, (iii) upon the Companys redemption of shares of Common Stock sold in the Companys
IPO upon the Companys failure to timely complete the Business Combination or (iv) in connection with a stockholder vote to
approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated articles of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing
of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company does not timely complete the Business
Combination or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity.
In the event the Subscriber purchases shares of Common Stock in the IPO or in the aftermarket, any additional shares so purchased shall
be eligible to receive the redemption value of such shares of Common Stock upon the same terms offered to all other purchasers of Common
Stock in the IPO in the event the Company fails to consummate the Business Combination.

5

7. Terms
of Placement Rights. Each Placement Right shall have the terms set forth in the Rights Agreement.

8. [Reserved]

9. Terms
of the Securities

9.1. (a) The
Units and their component parts are substantially identical to the units to be offered in the IPO except that: (i) the Units and
component parts are subject to the transfer restrictions described in the Insider Letter and (ii) the Units and component parts
are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become freely tradable
only after the expiration of the lockup described above in clause (i) and will registered pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
to be signed on or before the date of the Prospectus or an exemption from registration is available.

(b) The Founder Shares
are substantially identical to the shares of Common Stock underlying the units to be offered in the IPO except that: (i) the Founder
Shares are subject to the transfer restrictions described in the Insider Letter and (ii) the Founder Shares are being purchased
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become freely tradable only after the expiration
of the lockup described above in clause (i) and will registered pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement to be signed on or
before the date of the Prospectus or an exemption from registration is available.

9.2. The
Subscriber agrees to vote the Placement Shares and the Founder Shares in accordance with the terms of the Insider Letter and as otherwise
described in the Registration Statement.

10. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such state.
THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LITIGATION PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.

11. Assignment;
Entire Agreement; Amendment

11.1. Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by the Subscriber to a person
agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof, including the waiver contained in Section 5 hereof.

11.2. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof
and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them.

11.3. Amendment.
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated
other than by a written instrument signed by all of the parties hereto.

11.4. Binding
upon Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs,
legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

6

12. Notices

12.1. Notices.
Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and
personally delivered or sent by facsimile or other electronic transmission with copy sent in another manner herein provided or sent by
courier (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall include Federal Express or other recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said
party by certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address provided for herein or such other address as either may designate for
itself in such notice to the other. Communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered personally, on the scheduled
arrival date when sent by next day or 2nd-day courier service, or if sent by facsimile upon receipt of confirmation of transmittal or,
if sent by mail, then three days after deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered
(a) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice;
(b) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the
later of (1) such posting and (2) the giving of such separate notice; and (c) if by any other form of electronic transmission,
when directed to the stockholder.

13. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being
understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page were an original thereof.

14. Survival;
Severability

14.1. Survival.
The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive each Closing
Date.

14.2. Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided
that no such severability shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

15. Headings.

The titles and subtitles
used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting
this Agreement.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

FG MERGER II CORP.

/s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Name: Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer

SPONSOR:

FG MERGER INVESTORS II LLC

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

SUBSCRIBER:

/s/ Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind

Name: Ramnarain Joseph Jaigobind

[Signature Page to Unit Purchase Agreement]

Exhibit A

LLC Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

$15 EXERCISE PRICE WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS $15 EXERCISE PRICE WARRANTS
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended and including all exhibits referenced herein,
this Agreement), is entered into by and among FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
and FG Merger Investors II LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company intends
to consummate an initial public offering of the Companys units (the Public Offering), each unit consisting
of one share of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (each, a Share), and one right to
receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (each, a Public
Right). The Purchaser agreed to purchase 1,000,000 warrants at a purchase price of $0.10 per warrant (the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants), each $15 Exercise Price Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Share at an exercise price of $15.00
per Share.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section 1. Authorization,
Purchase and Sale; Terms of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants.

A. Authorization
of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants to the
Purchaser.

B. Purchase
and Sale of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants.

On the date of the consummation
of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (the Closing
Date), the Company shall issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, an aggregate
of 1,000,000 $15 Exercise Price Warrants at a price of $0.10 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $100,000 (the Purchase
Price) per Purchaser, which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with
the Companys wiring instructions at least one business day prior to the date of effectiveness of the registration statement on
Form S-1 (File No. 333-275155) filed in connection with the Public Offering. On the Closing Date, the Company shall either,
at its option, deliver to the Purchaser on such date certificates evidencing the $15 Exercise Price Warrants purchased by the Purchaser
and duly registered in each Purchasers name, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

C. Terms
of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants.

(i) The
$15 Exercise Price Warrants shall have their terms set forth in a Warrant Agreement to be entered into by the Company and a warrant agent,
in connection with the Public Offering (a Warrant Agreement).

(ii) At
or prior to the time of the Closing Date, the Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the $15
Exercise Price Warrants and the Shares underlying the $15 Exercise Price Warrants.

Section 2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall survive the Closing
Date) that:

A. Organization
and Corporate Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Nevada and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite
corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement.

B. Authorization;
No Breach.

(i) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the $15 Exercise Price Warrants have been duly authorized and approved by the
Company as of the Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with
its terms. Upon each issuance of $15 Exercise Price Warrants in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of the Warrant Agreement
and this Agreement, the $15 Exercise Price Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with their terms.

(ii) The
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the $15 Exercise Price Warrants, the issuance and sale of the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants, the issuance of the Shares upon exercise of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants and the fulfillment of, and compliance with,
the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of the Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in
a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien,
security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys capital stock or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or
(e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption, action, notice, declaration or filing, in each case, by or to any court
or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the articles of incorporation or the bylaws of the Company (in effect on
the date hereof or as may be amended prior to completion of the contemplated Public Offering), or any material law, statute, rule or
regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject, except for any
filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

C. Title
to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, the $15 Exercise
Price Warrants will be duly and validly issued and the Shares issuable upon exercise of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. On the date of issuance of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants, the Shares issuable upon
exercise of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant
to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, the Purchaser will have good title to the $15 Exercise Price Warrants and the Shares
issuable upon exercise of such $15 Exercise Price Warrants, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than
(i) transfer restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions under federal
and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchaser.

D. Governmental
Consents. No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any
other transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3. Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue and sell the $15
Exercise Price Warrants to the Purchaser, the Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations and warranties
shall survive the Closing Date) that:

A. Organization
and Requisite Authority. Each Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

2

B. Authorization;
No Breach.

(i) 
This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each Purchaser, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or law).

(ii) The
execution and delivery by each Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by such Purchaser
does not and shall not as of the Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by such Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions
of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which such Purchaser is subject that would materially impact its ability to
perform its obligations hereunder.

C. Investment
Representations.

(i) Each
Purchaser is acquiring the $15 Exercise Price Warrants and, upon exercise of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants, the Shares issuable upon
such exercise (collectively, the Securities), for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only
and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) Each
Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rules 501(a)(3) of Regulation D of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and such Purchaser has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated
pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) Each
Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration
requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and
such Purchasers compliance with, the representations and warranties of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the
availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv) Each
Purchaser did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning
of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) 
Each Purchaser has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of
the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by such Purchaser. Each Purchaser
been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company. Each Purchaser understands that
its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered
necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

(vi) Each
Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made
any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) Each
Purchaser understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or
(2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement,
neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While each Purchaser understands that Rule 144 under
the Securities Act is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination
related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company, such Purchaser understands that Rule 144
includes an exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly
a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the
issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12
months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and
(iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting
its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

3

(viii) Each
Purchaser has knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, understands the high degree of risk associated with investments
in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an
indefinite period of time. Each Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will
have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. Each Purchaser
can afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section 4. Conditions
of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligations of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the $15 Exercise Price Warrants are
subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and as
of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance.
The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C. No
Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Warrant Agreement.

D. Warrant
Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement, each on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

E. Corporate
Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance and sale of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants hereunder.

Section 5. Conditions
of the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment,
on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and
as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance.
The Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are
required to be performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before such Closing Date.

C. Corporate
Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance and sale of the $15 Exercise Price Warrants hereunder.

D. No
Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Warrant Agreement.

4

E. Warrant
Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Warrant Agreement on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section 6. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time after January 28, 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the Purchaser
upon written notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7. Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing Date.

Section 8. Definitions.
Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration statement
on Form S-1 the Company plans to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act.

Section 9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors
and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf
of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed
or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement without the prior
written consent of the other party hereto, other than assignments by the Purchaser to its affiliates (including, without limitation,
one or more of their members or partners).

B. Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the signatures of more than one
party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile
or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

D. Descriptive
Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive
part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of laws rules.

F. Amendments.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all
parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

FG Merger II Corp.,
a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Name: Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer

PURCHASER:

FG MERGER INVESTORS II LLC,
a Nevada limited liability company

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to $15 Exercise Price
Warrants Purchase Agreement]

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-8.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.8

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (NOTE) HAS
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

PROMISSORY NOTE

Principal Amount: $417,000 Dated as of January 28, 2025

FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada
corporation (the Maker), promises to pay to the order of FG Merger Investors II LLC or its registered assigns or
successors in interest (the Payee), or order the principal sum of Four Hundred Seventeen Thousand Dollars ($417,000)
or such lesser amounts shall have been advanced by Payee to Maker and shall remain unpaid under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined
below) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall
be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee
may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

1. Principal.
The entire unpaid principal balance of this Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) January 28, 2025 or (ii) the
date on which Maker consummates an initial business combination (such earlier date, the Maturity Date). The principal
balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director,
employee or stockholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder.

2. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request, from time to time, up to Four Hundred Seventeen Thousand Dollars ($417,000)
in drawdowns under this Note to be used for working capital purposes by the Maker following the initial public offering of its securities
(the IPO). Principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date upon written request
from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down. Payee
shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than three (3) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that
the maximum amount of drawdowns outstanding under this Note at any time may not exceed Four Hundred Seventeen Thousand Dollars ($417,000).
No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker.

3. Interest.
Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note at 12.0% per annum.

4. Application
of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under
this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally
to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

5. Events
of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default (Event of Default):

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days
of the Maturity Date.

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Dissolution, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it
of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or commencement
of Makers liquidation or dissolution proceedings or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in
an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up
or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive
days.

6. Remedies.

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this
Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder,
shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other
sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on
the part of Payee.

7. Waivers.
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor,
protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee
under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property,
real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution,
or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real
estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon
any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall
not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee,
and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the
payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto
without notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder.

9. Notices.
All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be: (i) in writing and delivered
personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to
the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or
fax number as may be designated in writing by such party and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently
provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication
so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt
of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier
service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail.

10. Construction.
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF.

11. Severability.
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such
prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

2

12. Trust
Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any
kind (Claim) in or to any distribution of or from the trust account to be established in which the proceeds of the
IPO conducted by the Maker are to be deposited (including, if any, the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions, and any proceeds
from the sale of warrants issued in a private placement deposited in the trust account), as described in greater detail in the registration
statement and prospectus to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to
seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever.

13. Amendment;
Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker
and the Payee.

14. Assignment.
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law
or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void.

[Signature page follows]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first
above written.

MAKER:

FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation

By: /s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Name: Larry G. Swets, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer

PAYEE:

FG MERGER INVESTORS II LLC, a Nevada limited liability company

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Promissory Note]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex10-9.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.9

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Rights Agreement (this
Agreement) is made as of January 28, 2025 between FG Merger II Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company),
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent (the Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company has
received a firm commitment from ThinkEquity LLC (the Representative), as representative of the several underwriters, to
purchase up to an aggregate of 9,200,000 units, each unit (Unit) comprised of one share of common stock of the Company,
par value $.0001 (the Common Stock) and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (a Public
Right) upon the happening of the triggering event described herein, and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver up to
an aggregate of 9,200,000 Public Rights upon consummation of such public offering, 1,200,000 of which are attributable to the over-allotment
option (the Public Offering);

WHEREAS, simultaneously with
the consummation of the Public Offering, the Company will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 248,300 rights (the Private
Rights) underlying private units to be sold in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of the Public
Offering (the Closing);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Public Offering, the Company will issue and deliver up to 40,000 rights (the Underwriter Rights) underlying underwriter
units to be issued to the Representative or its designees at Closing;

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Public Offering, the Company will issue and deliver up to 7,500 rights underlying advisor units to be issued to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
or its designees at Closing (the Advisor Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company may
issue additional Rights, which will be identical to the Private Rights, in consideration of certain working capital loans that may be
made by the Companys sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates (together with the Public Rights, the Private Rights, the
Underwriter Rights, the Advisor Rights and along with such other rights as the Company issues from time to time hereunder, the Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company has
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-275155
(the Registration Statement), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act)
of, among other securities, the Rights and the shares of Common Stock issuable to the holders of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration,
transfer and exchange of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to provide for the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation
of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things
have been done and performed that are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on
behalf of the Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment
of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and the Rights Agent
hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Rights.

2.1 Form of
Right. Each Right shall be issued in registered or book entry form only, shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A
hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein, and shall be signed by, or bear the electronic signature of, the Chairman
of the Board or Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company and shall bear the Companys
seal, if any. In the event the person whose electronic signature has been placed upon any Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity
in which such person signed the Right before such Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased
to be such at the date of issuance.

2.2 Effect
of Countersignature. Except with respect to uncertificated Rights as described above, unless and until countersigned by the Rights
Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a registered Right shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exchanged for shares of Common
Stock.

2.3 Registration.

2.3.1 Right
Register. The Rights Agent shall maintain books (the Right Register) for the registration of original issuance and
the registration of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the Rights
in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Rights
Agent by the Company.

2.3.2 Registered
Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Right, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the
person or entity in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (the registered holder) as the absolute
owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the Right certificate
made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and
neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4 Detachability
of Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Rights, will not be separately transferable until the fifty-second
(52nd) day after the date hereof unless the Representative informs the Company and the Rights Agent of its decision to allow earlier
separate trading, but in no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin until (i) the Company files
a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds
of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment
option is exercised on the date hereof, and (ii) the Company issues a press release announcing when such separate trading shall
begin.

3. Terms
and Exchange of Rights.

3.1 Rights.
Each Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock upon the happening of the Exchange
Event (as defined below). No additional consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its shares
of Common Stock upon the Exchange Event as the purchase price for such shares of Common Stock has been included in the purchase price
for the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights or issue fractional shares of Common Stock. The
provisions of this Section 3.1 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2 Exchange
Event. The Exchange Event shall be the Companys consummation of an initial Business Combination (as defined
in the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation).

3.3 Exchange
of Rights.

3.3.1 Issuance
of Shares of Common Stock. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of the Exchange Event, the Company shall direct holders of
the Rights to return their Rights Certificates to the Rights Agent. If the Company is not the surviving entity in a Business Combination,
the holder of Rights must affirmatively elect to such conversion. Upon receipt of a valid Rights Certificate, the Rights Agent shall
issue to the registered holder of such Right(s) the number of full shares of Common Stock to which he, she or it is entitled, registered
in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision contained in this Agreement
to the contrary, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights. The Company shall not issue fractional shares
upon exchange of Rights. At the time of the Exchange Event, the Company will instruct the Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole
share of Common Stock or otherwise inform it how fractional shares will be addressed in accordance with Delaware law.

2

3.3.2 Valid
Issuance. All shares of Common Stock issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3 Date
of Issuance. Each person in whose name any such certificate or book-entry position for shares of Common Stock is issued shall for
all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date
of delivery of such certificate or book-entry position.

3.3.4 Company
Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not continuing as the surviving company, the
definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Rights to receive the same per share consideration as the holders of the Common
Stock will receive in connection with the Exchange Event, for the number of shares such holder is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.1
above, and each holder of a Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its Rights in order to receive the one-tenth
(1/10) of one share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the Exchange Event.

3.4 Duration
of Rights. If an Exchange Event does not occur within the time period set forth in the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Rights shall expire and shall be worthless; provided that, for as
long as any of the Underwriter Rights are held by the Representative, or its designees or affiliates, such Rights may not be converted
after five years, from the commencement of sales under the Registration Statement.

4. Transfer
and Exchange of Rights.

4.1 Registration
of Transfer. The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register, upon
surrender of such Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions
for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Right representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the old Right
shall be cancelled by the Rights Agent.

4.2 Procedure
for Surrender of Rights. Rights may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer,
and thereupon the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights as requested by the registered holder of the Rights
so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right surrendered for transfer
bears a restrictive legend and the new Rights to be issued will not bear a restrictive legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such
Right and issue new Rights in exchange therefor until the Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that
such transfer may be made and indicating no restrictive legend is required.

4.3 Fractional
Rights. The Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance
of a Right certificate for a fraction of a Right.

4.4 Service
Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

4.5 Right
Execution and Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required
by the Rights Agent, will supply the Rights Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

4.6 Adjustments
to Conversion Ratios. The number of shares of Common Stock that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the
occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split, reverse share split,
share dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect
to the shares of Common Stock occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

3

5. Other
Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Rights.

5.1 No
Rights as Shareholder. Until the exchange of a Right for shares of Common Stock as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle
the registered holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive
dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect
of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2 Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Rights. If any Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights Agent may
on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Right, include
the surrender thereof), issue a new Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed.
Any such new Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated,
or destroyed Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3 Reservation
of Shares of Common Stock. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6. Concerning
the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1 Payment
of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Rights
Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated
to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

6.2 Resignation,
Consolidation, or Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1 Appointment
of Successor Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged
from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office
of the Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor
Rights Agent in place of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has
been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall, with such notice,
submit his, her or its Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme Court of the State
of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Rights
Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under
such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment,
any successor Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor
Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason
it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument
transferring to such successor Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent hereunder; and upon
request of any successor Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for
more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties,
and obligations.

4

6.2.2 Notice
of Successor Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the
predecessor Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the shares of Common Stock not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3 Merger
or Consolidation of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated
or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights
Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

6.3 Fees
and Expenses of Rights Agent.

6.3.1 Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder and will reimburse
the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2 Further
Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying
out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4 Liability
of Rights Agent.

6.4.1 Reliance
on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or
desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact
or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established
by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent may
rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2 Indemnity.
The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith (as determined by a final
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). Subject to Section 6.6 below, the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and
save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted
by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct,
or bad faith (as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

6.4.3 Exclusions.
The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution
of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition
contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to
the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as to whether
any shares of Common Stock will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable. In no event shall the Rights Agent be liable
for special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if
the Rights Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of the action.

6.5 Acceptance
of Agency. The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms
and conditions herein set forth.

6.6 Waiver.
The Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in,
or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement,
payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

5

7. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

7.1 Successors.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the
benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

7.2 Notices.
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right to
or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private
courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing
by the Company with the Rights Agent), as follows:

FG Merger II Corp.

104 S. Walnut Street, Unit 1A

Itasca, Illinois 60143

Attn: Hassan R. Baqar

Any notice, statement or
demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Right or by the Company to or on the Rights Agent shall
be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within
five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Rights Agent with
the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

and

Loeb & Loeb LLP

35 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn: Giovanni Caruso, Esq.

and

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 22nd Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attention: Head of Investment Banking

E-mail: notices@think-equity.com

and

Blank Rome LLP

1271 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10020

Attention: Brad Shiffman

Email: bshiffman@BlankRome.com

6

7.3 Applicable
Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws
of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive
laws of another jurisdiction. Subject to applicable law, the Company and the Rights Agent hereby agree that any action, proceeding or
claim against either of them arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the
State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Rights Agent hereby waive any
objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum or
any compliant asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against the Company or any of the Companys directors,
officers, other employees or agents.

Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Rights shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in
this Section 7.3. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court
other than a court located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a
foreign action) in the name of any Rights holder, such Rights holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement
action), and (y) having service of process made upon such Rights holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such
Rights holders counsel in the foreign action as agent for such Rights holder.

7.4 Persons
Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions
hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the
registered holders of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, the Representative, any right, remedy, or
claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. The Representative
shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions,
stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto
(and the Representative with respect to Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the registered holders
of the Rights.

7.5 Examination
of Rights Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights Agent in the
County of New York, State of New York, for inspection by the registered holder of any Right. The Rights Agent may require any such holder
to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by it.

7.6 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or electronic counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7.7 Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the
interpretation thereof.

7.8 Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any registered holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity,
or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not
adversely affect the interest of the registered holders in any material respect. All other modifications or amendments shall require
the written consent or vote of the registered holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.8
may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative. Upon the delivery of a certificate from
an appropriate officer of the Company that states that the proposed supplement or amendment complies with this Section 7.8, the
Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment.

7.9 Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties
hereto as of the day and year first above written.

FG MERGER II CORP.

By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar

Name: Hassan R. Baqar

Title: Chief Financial Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Henry Ferrell

Name: Henry Ferrell

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Rights Agreement

8

EXHIBIT A

Form of Rights Certificate
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FG
Merger II Corp. Prices $80,000,000 Initial Public Offering

ITASCA, Ill., January 28,
2025 -- FG Merger II Corp., a newly organized blank check company formed as a Nevada corporation, today announced the pricing of its initial
public offering (IPO) of 8,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, with each unit consisting of one share
of common stock and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the
consummation of an initial business combination. The units are expected to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market (NASDAQ) under
the ticker symbol FGMCU beginning January 29, 2025. FG Merger II Corp. expects the IPO to close on January 30, 2025, subject
to customary closing conditions. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the common stock and the rights are
expected to be traded on NASDAQ under the symbols FGMC and FGMCR, respectively. FG Merger II Corp. has granted
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any.

ThinkEquity is acting as
sole book-running manager for the offering.

A registration
statement relating to the securities sold in the IPO was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January
28, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus related to this offering
may be obtained from ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004, by telephone at (877) 436-3673 and by email at prospectus@think-equity.com,
or by visiting EDGAR on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall
not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or
jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws
of any such state or jurisdiction.

About FG Merger II Corp.

FG Merger II Corp. is a
blank check company, also commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities. While FG Merger II Corp. will not limit its search for a target company to any particular business segment, FG Merger II
Corp. intends to focus its search for a target business in the financial services industry in North America.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press
release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the IPO and search for
an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the IPO will be completed on the terms described above, or at all, or
that the net proceeds of the offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of
which are beyond the control of FG Merger II Corp., including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of FG Merger II Corp.s
registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the IPO filed with the SEC. Copies are available on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov.
FG Merger II Corp. undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except
as required by law.

Contacts

Hassan R. Baqar

Chief Financial Officer

FG Merger II Corp.

(847) 791-6817
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm255270d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

FG
Merger II Corp. Announces Closing of $80,000,000 Initial Public Offering

ITASCA, Ill., January 30,
2025 -- FG Merger II Corp., a newly organized blank check company formed as a Nevada corporation, today announced the closing of its initial
public offering (IPO) of 8,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, with each unit consisting of one share
of common stock and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the
consummation of an initial business combination. The units are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (NASDAQ) and trade under
the ticker symbol FGMCU. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the common stock and the rights
are expected to be traded on NASDAQ under the symbols FGMC and FGMCR, respectively. FG Merger II Corp. has
granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any.

FG Merger II Corp. intends
to use the net proceeds from the offering, and the simultaneous private placements of units and warrants, to consummate FG Merger II Corp.s
initial business combination.

ThinkEquity acted as sole
book-running manager for the offering.

The offering
was made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus related to this offering may be obtained from ThinkEquity, 17 State Street,
41st Floor, New York, New York 10004, by telephone at (877) 436-3673 and by email at prospectus@think-equity.com,
or by visiting EDGAR on the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

A registration statement
relating to the securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About FG Merger II Corp.

FG Merger II Corp. is a
blank check company, also commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities. While FG Merger II Corp. will not limit its search for a target company to any particular business segment, FG Merger II
Corp. intends to focus its search for a target business in the financial services industry in North America.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press
release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the IPO, the anticipated
use of the net proceeds thereof and search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the net proceeds of the
offering will be used as indicated. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control
of FG Merger II Corp., including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of FG Merger II Corp.s registration statement and
prospectus for the IPO filed with the SEC. Copies are available on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov.
FG Merger II Corp. undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except
as required by law.

Contacts

Hassan R. Baqar

Chief Financial Officer

FG Merger II Corp.

(847) 791-6817
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>