<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-032902.txt : 20250408
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-032902.hdr.sgml : 20250408
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250408090545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-032902
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250408
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250408
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250408

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JANUS HENDERSON GROUP PLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001274173
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Y9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38103
		FILM NUMBER:		25820427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 BISHOPSGATE
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			EC2M 3AE
		BUSINESS PHONE:		442078181818

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 BISHOPSGATE
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			EC2M 3AE

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HENDERSON GROUP PLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HHG PLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031223
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511720d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000127417300012741732025-04-082025-04-08iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): April 8, 2025

Commission
File Number 001-38103

JANUS HENDERSON GROUP PLC

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

Jersey,
Channel Islands 98-1376360

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer

incorporation or organization) Identification No.)

201 Bishopsgate EC2M3AE

London, United Kingdom (Zip Code)

(Address of principal executive offices) 

+44(0) 207818
1818

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $1.50 Per Share Par Value JHG New York Stock Exchange

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

On
April 7, 2025, Janus Henderson Group plc (JHG or the Company) and The Guardian Life Insurance Company
of America (Guardian) entered into a definitive transaction agreement (the Agreement), pursuant to which,
in consideration for certain commercial arrangements between the Company and Guardian, the Company agreed to deliver to Guardian at closing,
in a private placement transaction (the Private Placement), a warrant (the Warrant) to purchase 1,600,000
ordinary shares, par value $1.50 per share, of the Company (Ordinary Shares), at an exercise price of $37.91 per Ordinary
Share.

The
Warrant will vest and be exercisable on the following schedule, subject to certain exceptions: (a) 30% of the Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Warrant will vest and be exercisable immediately upon issuance; (b) an additional 10% of the Ordinary Shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrant will vest and be exercisable annually beginning on the fourth anniversary of the issuance date until
the ninth anniversary date of the issuance and; (c) the remaining 10% of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant
will vest and be exercisable on the date that is 60 days prior to the tenth anniversary of the issuance date. The Warrant will expire
on the earlier of tenth anniversary of the issuance date and the date that is 60 days after the termination of the sub-management agreement
that will be entered into at the closing between Park Avenue Institutional Advisers LLC and Janus Henderson Investors US LLC. The exercise
price and number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant are subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock
splits and certain other events affecting the Ordinary Shares.

The
Private Placement is exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), and corresponding provisions of state securities or blue sky laws, as a transaction by an issuer not involving
a public offering. Guardian represented that it was acquiring the Warrant and Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant for
investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof. Accordingly, neither
the Warrant nor the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant have been registered under the Securities Act and such securities
may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and any
applicable state securities laws. Appropriate legends have been affixed to the securities issued in this transaction.

The
transactions contemplated by the Agreement and the Private Placement are expected to close, and the Warrant is expected to be issued,
in the third quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

The
foregoing description of the Warrant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the Warrant, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
8.01 Other Events.

On
April 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the strategic partnership with Guardian. A copy of that press release
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.
The following exhibits are being furnished herewith.

Exhibit

Number Description

4.1 Form of Warrant to Purchase Ordinary Shares

99.1 Janus Henderson Group plc press release reporting entry into strategic partnership with The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Janus Henderson Group plc

Date: April 8, 2025 By: /s/ Roger Thompson

Roger Thompson

Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511720d1_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

FINAL FORM

THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE
UPON THE EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT). THEY MAY NOT
BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
THE ACT, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT
TO RULE 144 UNDER THE ACT.

Date of Issuance Void after

[], 2025 [], 2035

JANUS HENDERSON GROUP PLC

WARRANT TO PURCHASE ORDINARY SHARES

This Warrant (the Warrant)
to purchase ordinary shares, par value of $1.50 per share (Ordinary Shares), of Janus Henderson Group plc, a company
incorporated and registered in Jersey, Channel Islands (the Company), certifies that, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, this Warrant is issued to The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America,
a New York mutual life insurance company and its permitted assignees (the Holder) by the Company.

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Holder entered into that certain Transaction Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2025 (the Transaction Agreement);
and

WHEREAS, Park Avenue Institutional
Advisers LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Janus Henderson Investors US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, have entered
into a Sub-Management Agreement, dated as of [], 2025 (the Sub-Management Agreement);

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Term.
The Warrant (a) will become effective and can be exercised on the date hereof (the Issuance Date), and (b) is
exercisable for a period of time set forth in Section 3 hereof, in each case, to the extent that the Warrant has vested as
of the date of such exercise in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 3 and on Schedule 1 hereto.

2. Purchase
of Shares.

(a) Number
of Ordinary Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, and subject to any previous exercise of this Warrant, the
Holder is entitled, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company (or at such other place as the Company shall
notify the Holder in writing), to purchase from the Company 1,600,000 fully paid and nonassessable Ordinary Shares (Shares)
during the Exercise Period (as defined below) in accordance with the vesting schedule attached hereto as Schedule 1.

(b) Exercise
Price. The exercise price for the Shares issuable pursuant to this Section 2 shall be $37.91 per share (the Exercise
Price). The Shares and the Exercise Price shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 8 hereof.

3. Exercise
Period; Vesting.

(a) This
Warrant shall be exercisable with respect to the Shares only to the extent that the Warrant has vested as of the date of such exercise
in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in this Section 3 and on Schedule 1 hereto.

(b) If
(i) the Holder (or its applicable Affiliate) terminates the Sub-Management Agreement without Cause (as defined in the Sub-Management
Agreement) or (ii) the Company (or its applicable Affiliate) terminates the Sub-Management Agreement for Cause (as defined in the
Sub-Management Agreement), any non-vested portion of this Warrant will be forfeited.

(c) If
(i) the Holder (or its applicable Affiliate) terminates the Sub-Management Agreement for Cause (as defined in the Sub-Management
Agreement) or (ii) the Company (or its applicable Affiliate) terminates the Sub-Management Agreement without Cause (as defined in
the Sub-Management Agreement), any non-vested portion of this Warrants will vest upon the effective date of such termination and be freely
exercisable during the remainder of the Exercise Period.

(d) Subject
to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, this Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, during the period commencing on
the date hereof and ending on the earlier of (i) 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Issuance
Date and (ii) 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the date that is sixty (60) days following the effective date of the Sub-Management
Agreement termination described in Section 3(b) hereof (such end date, the Expiration Date and such
time period, the Exercise Period).

4. Method
of Exercise.

(a) Subject
to the provisions of Section 4(e), at any time while this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable in accordance with Section 2
above, the Holder may exercise, in whole or in part, the purchase rights evidenced hereby. Such exercise shall be effected by:

(i) the
surrender of the Warrant, together with a duly executed copy of the Notice of Exercise attached hereto as Exhibit A, to the
Secretary of the Company at its principal office (or at such other place as the Company shall notify the Holder in writing); and

(ii) the
payment to the Company, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company, of an amount equal to
(x) the Exercise Price multiplied by (y) the number of Shares being purchased.

(b) Each
exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to have been effected immediately prior to the close of business on the day on which this Warrant
is surrendered to the Company as provided in Section 4(a) above. At such time, the person or persons in whose name or
names any certificate for the Shares shall be issuable upon such exercise as provided in Section 4(c) below shall be
deemed to have become the holder or holders of record of the Shares represented by such certificate.

2

(c) As
soon as practicable after the exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, the Company at its expense will cause to be issued in the
name of, and delivered to, the Holder, or as such Holder (upon payment by such Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may direct:

(i) a
certificate or certificates (whether physical or electronic) for the number of Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled, and

(ii) in
case such exercise is in part only, a new warrant or warrants (dated the date hereof) of like tenor, calling in the aggregate on the face
or faces thereof for the number of Shares equal to the number of such Shares described in this Warrant minus the number of such Shares
purchased by the Holder upon all exercises made in accordance with Section 4(a) above.

(d) At
any time while this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable in accordance with Section 2 above, in lieu of exercising
this Warrant by paying the Exercise Price and receiving Shares in the manner provided above in Section 4(a), the Holder may
irrevocably elect to receive cash in U.S. Dollars equal to the Cash Amount (as defined below) of the Shares that would have otherwise
been received after exercising this Warrant, in whole or in part, if the Holder had not elected instead to receive cash in lieu of Shares
under this Section 4(d). Such exercise of cash in lieu of Shares shall be effected by:

(i) The
Holder providing the Notice of Exercise for Cash in Lieu of Shares attached hereto as Exhibit B (which includes the Holders
irrevocable election to receive cash in lieu of Shares), duly completed and executed, which notice shall include the number of Shares
subject to the applicable exercise of the Warrant that would have been received by the Holder if the Holder had not elected to receive
cash in lieu of such Shares; and

(ii) Following
the Companys receipt of a valid Notice of Exercise for Cash in Lieu of Shares and the surrender of this Warrant at the principal
office of the Company, the Company shall pay to the Holder, no later than fifteen (15) Business Days thereafter, cash in U.S. Dollars
by wire transfer to the bank account designated in the Notice of Exercise for Cash in Lieu of Shares computed using the following formula:

X= Y*(A-B)

Where X
= The amount of cash in U.S. Dollars to be received by the Holder (the Cash
Amount).

Y
= The number of Shares subject to the applicable exercise of this Warrant.

A = The
fair market value of one Share.

B = Exercise
Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculations).

3

For purposes of this Section 4(d),
the fair market value of one Share shall be (i) the average of the closing prices of one Share over the twenty (20) trading-day
period ending on the date of determination if the Shares are publicly traded.

(e) In
the event the Company provides notice to the Holder pursuant to Section 7(a), and such notice relates to a record date for
an Extraordinary Dividend (as defined in Section 8(c)), the Holder may elect to exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part,
by delivering to the Company written notice of such election within five (5) calendar days following Companys delivery of
the record date notice. If the Holder timely elects to exercise for Shares (pursuant to Section 4(a)), the Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to issue the applicable Shares to the Holder no later than the applicable record date. If the Shares are
not issued to the Holder by such record date, then as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Company shall pay to the Holder an
amount in cash equal to the Extraordinary Dividend that would have been paid on such Shares had such Shares been issued prior to such
record date, and Company shall have no liability in respect of such exercise or Extraordinary Dividend thereafter. If the Holder elects
to exercise for cash (pursuant to Section 4(d)), the Company shall pay the applicable Cash Amount to the Holder within fifteen
(15) Business Days following receipt of such notice and surrender of this Warrant, consistent with Section 4(d)(ii).

5. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. In connection with the transactions provided for herein, the Company hereby represents and warrants
to the Holder that:

(a) Organization,
Good Standing, and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of Jersey, the Channel Islands and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted.
The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would
have a material adverse effect on its business or properties.

(b) Authorization.
Except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement
of creditors rights, all corporate action has been taken on the part of the Company, its officers, directors, and stockholders
necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Warrant. The Company has taken all corporate action required to make all
the obligations of the Company reflected in the provisions of this Warrant the valid and enforceable obligations they purport to be. The
issuance of this Warrant will not be subject to preemptive rights of any stockholders of the Company. The Company has authorized sufficient
Ordinary Shares to allow for the exercise of this Warrant.

(c) Compliance
with Other Instruments. The authorization, execution and delivery of the Warrant will not constitute or result in a material default
or violation of any law or regulation applicable to the Company or any material term or provision of the Companys current Articles
of Association or any material agreement or instrument by which it is bound or to which its properties or assets are subject.

(d) Valid
Issuance of Shares. The Shares, when issued, sold, and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Warrants for the consideration
expressed therein, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, based in part upon the representations and warranties
of the Holder in this Warrant, will be issued in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws. The Shares will
be issued free and clear of any encumbrances, other than liens or encumbrances arising as a matter of applicable securities laws or liens
or encumbrances created by or at the direction of Holder or any of its Affiliates.

4

6. Representations
and Warranties of the Holder. In connection with the transactions provided for herein, the Holder hereby represents and warrants to
the Company that:

(a) Authorization.
The Holder represents that it has full power and authority to enter into this Warrant. This Warrant constitutes the Holders valid
and legally binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (ii) laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

(b) Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. The Holder acknowledges that this Warrant is entered into by the Company in reliance upon such Holders
representation to the Company that the Warrant and the Shares (collectively, the Securities) will be acquired for
investment for the Holders own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part
thereof, and that the Holder has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in or otherwise distributing the same. By
acknowledging this Warrant, the Holder further represents that the Holder does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement, or arrangement
with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to the Securities.

(c) Disclosure
of Information. The Holder acknowledges that it has received all the information it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding
whether to acquire the Securities. The Holder further represents that it has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from
the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities.

(d) Investment
Experience. The Holder acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk of its investment, and has such knowledge and experience in
financial or business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment in the Securities. If other than
an individual, the Holder also represents it has not been organized solely for the purpose of acquiring the Securities.

(e) Accredited
Investor. The Holder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D, as presently in
effect, as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Act.

(f) Restricted
Securities. The Holder understands that the Securities are characterized as restricted securities under the federal
securities laws inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that under such
laws and applicable regulations such securities may be resold without registration under the Act, only in certain limited circumstances.
In this connection, the Holder represents that it is familiar with Rule 144, as presently in effect, as promulgated by the SEC under
the Act (Rule 144) and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Act.

5

(g) Further
Limitations on Disposition. Without in any way limiting the representations set forth above, the Holder further agrees not to make
any disposition of all or any portion of the Securities unless and until the transferee has agreed in writing for the benefit of the Company
to be bound by the terms of this Warrant, including, without limitation, this Section 6 and:

(i) there
is then in effect a registration statement under the Act covering such proposed disposition and such disposition is made in accordance
with such registration statement;

(ii) the
Holder shall have notified the Company of the proposed disposition and shall have furnished the Company with a detailed statement of the
circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition, and if reasonably requested by the Company, the Holder shall have furnished the Company
with an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that such disposition will not require registration of such shares
under the Act. It is agreed that the Company will not require opinions of counsel for transactions made pursuant to Rule 144 except
in extraordinary circumstances; and

(iii) if
other than an individual, the Holder shall not make any disposition to any of the Companys competitors as such is reasonably determined
by the Company.

(iv) Legends.
It is understood that the Securities may bear the following legend:

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT). THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED,
HYPOTHECATED, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144
UNDER THE ACT.

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A TRANSFER RESTRICTION, AS PROVIDED IN A WARRANT TO PURCHASE ORDINARY SHARES BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER
OF THE SECURITIES (OR THE PREDECESSOR IN INTEREST TO THE SHARES). A COPY OF THE WARRANT TO PURCHASE ORDINARY SHARES WILL BE FURNISHED
TO THE HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST.

7. Covenants
of the Company.

(a) Notices
of Record Date. In the event of any taking by the Company of a record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend (other than a cash dividend which is the same as cash dividends
paid in previous quarters and stock dividends) or other distribution, the Company shall provide the Holder, at least ten (10) days
prior to such record date, a notice specifying the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution.

6

(b) Covenants
as to Exercise Shares. The Company covenants and agrees that all Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented
by this Warrant will, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable,
and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof. The Company further covenants and agrees that the Company
will, at all times during the Exercise Period, have authorized and unissued a sufficient number of Ordinary Shares to provide for the
exercise in full of the Warrant. If at any time during the Exercise Period the number of authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares shall
not be sufficient to permit exercise in full of this Warrant, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such
purposes.

8. Adjustment
of Exercise Price and Number of Shares. The number and kind of Shares purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant and the Exercise Price
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(a) Subdivisions,
Combinations and Other Issuances. If the Company shall at any time after the issuance but prior to the expiration of this Warrant
subdivide its Ordinary Shares, by split-up or otherwise, or combine its Ordinary Shares, or issue additional shares of its Ordinary Shares
as a dividend with respect to any shares of its Ordinary Shares, the number of Shares issuable on the exercise of this Warrant shall forthwith
be proportionately increased in the case of a subdivision or stock dividend, or proportionately decreased in the case of a combination.
Appropriate adjustments shall also be made to the Exercise Price payable per share, but the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the total
number of Shares purchasable under this Warrant (as adjusted) shall remain the same. Any adjustment under this Section 8(a) shall
become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective, or as of the record date of such
dividend, or in the event that no record date is fixed, upon the making of such dividend.

(b) Reclassification,
Reorganization and Consolidation. In case of any reclassification, capital reorganization or change in the capital stock of the Company
(other than as a result of a subdivision, combination or stock dividend provided for in Section 8(a) above), then, as
a condition of such reclassification, reorganization or change, lawful provision shall be made, and duly executed documents evidencing
the same from the Company or its successor shall be delivered to the Holder, so that the Holder shall have the right at any time prior
to the expiration of this Warrant to purchase, at a total price equal to that payable upon the exercise of this Warrant, the kind and
amount of shares of stock and other securities or property receivable in connection with such reclassification, reorganization or change
by a holder of the same number and type of securities as were purchasable as Shares by the Holder immediately prior to such reclassification,
reorganization or change. In any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and interest of the Holder
so that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable with respect to any shares of stock or other securities or property deliverable
upon exercise hereof, and appropriate adjustments shall be made to the Exercise Price per Share payable hereunder, provided the aggregate
Exercise Price shall remain the same.

7

(c) Extraordinary
Cash Dividend. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding and unexpired, shall pay an extraordinary dividend or
make an extraordinary distribution in cash to the holders of Ordinary Shares on account of such shares of Ordinary Shares other than regularly
scheduled quarterly cash dividends (an Extraordinary Dividend), then the Exercise Price shall be decreased, effective
immediately after the payment date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount of cash paid on each Ordinary Share in respect of such
Extraordinary Dividend; provided, that such exercise price shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than the par value of an Ordinary
Share. For the avoidance of doubt, the existence of different exercise prices pursuant to this Warrant for vested and unvested portions
of this Warrant is for administrative purposes only and shall not be construed as creating a separate Warrant, separate right, or separate
class of securities.

(d) Notice
of Adjustment. When any adjustment is required to be made in the number or kind of shares purchasable upon exercise of the Warrant,
or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall promptly notify the Holder in writing of such event and of the number of Shares or other securities
or property thereafter purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant.

(e) Adjustment
Rules. If an adjustment in Exercise Price made hereunder would reduce the Exercise Price to an amount below par value of the Ordinary
Shares, then such adjustment in Exercise Price made hereunder shall reduce the Exercise Price to the par value of the Ordinary Shares.

9. No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant, but in lieu of such fractional shares the Company shall make a cash payment therefor on the basis of the Exercise Price then
in effect.

10. No
Stockholder Rights. Prior to exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall not be entitled to any rights of a stockholder with respect
to the Shares, including (without limitation) the right to vote such Shares, receive dividends or other distributions thereon, exercise
preemptive rights or be notified of stockholder meetings, and, except as otherwise provided in this Warrant, such Holder shall not be
entitled to any stockholder notice or other communication concerning the business or affairs of the Company.

11. Transfer
of Warrant. Subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws and any other contractual restrictions between
the Company and the Holder contained herein (including without limitation the restriction on transfers to competitors of the Company set
forth in Section 6), this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable in whole or in part by the Holder to any person
or entity only with the prior written consent by the Company; provided that the Holder may freely transfer this Warrant
to an Affiliate of the Holder without the Companys prior written consent subject to (a) Holder providing prior written notice
of such transfer to the Company, and (b) transferee agreeing in writing for the benefit of the Company to be bound by the terms of
this Warrant (with such written agreement delivered to the Company prior to effectiveness of the transfer). If a transfer is so consented
to by the Company, within a reasonable time after the Companys receipt of an executed Assignment Form in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C, the transfer shall be recorded on the books of the Company upon the surrender of this Warrant, properly
endorsed, to the Company at its principal offices, and the payment to the Company of all transfer taxes and other governmental charges
imposed on such transfer. In the event of a partial transfer, the Company shall issue to the new holders one (1) or more appropriate
new warrants.

8

12. No
Impairment. The Company shall not, by amendment of its articles of association, bylaws or any other organizational document, or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action,
intentionally avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company,
but shall at all times act in good faith to assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant.

13. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Warrant shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without
regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. Each
of the Holder and the Company irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware or any state court of the State of Delaware in connection with any matter based upon or arising out of this Warrant
or the matters contemplated herein and agrees that process may be served upon them in any manner authorized by the laws of the State of
Delaware for such persons.

EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES
ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, THE SECURITIES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER
HEREOF. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT
RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THIS SECTION HAS BEEN FULLY DISCUSSED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES
HERETO AND THESE PROVISIONS WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY EXCEPTIONS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT SUCH
PARTY HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT SUCH PARTY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING
CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. This paragraph shall not restrict the Holder or the Company from exercising remedies under the Uniform
Commercial Code or from exercising pre-judgment remedies under applicable law.

14. Successors
and Assigns. Subject to Section 11, the terms and provisions of this Warrant shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding
upon, the Company and the holders hereof and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

15. Counterparts.
This Warrant may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. Facsimile signatures (or .pdf copy via e-mail attachment) shall constitute original signatures for all purposes
of this Warrant.

9

16. Titles
and Subtitles. The titles and subtitles used in this Warrant are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing
or interpreting this Warrant.

17. Notices.
All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon
personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail if sent during normal business hours of
the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next Business Day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized
overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the respective
parties at the following addresses (or at such other addresses as shall be specified by notice given in accordance with this Section 16):

If to the Company:

Janus Henderson Group plc

c/o Janus Henderson Investors US LLC

151 Detroit Street

Denver, CO 80206

Attention: Sukh Grewal; Michelle Rosenberg

Email: Sukh.Grewal@JanusHenderson.com;

Michelle.Rosenberg@JanusHenderson.com

If to the Holder:

The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America

10 Hudson Yards

New York, NY 10001 

Attention: Kermitt Brooks, Chief Legal Officer;

Jared M. Williams, Associate General Counsel, Corporate Initiatives & Transactions

Email: kermitt_brooks@glic.com;

jmwilliams@glic.com

18. Finders
Fee. Each party represents that it neither is or will be obligated for any finders fee or commission in connection with this
transaction. The Holder agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability for any commission or compensation in
the nature of a finders fee (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the
Holder or any of its officers, partners, employees or representatives is responsible. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Holder from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finders fee (and the costs and expenses of
defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the Company or any of its officers, employees or representatives is
responsible.

10

19. Expenses.
If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Warrant, the prevailing party shall be entitled
to reasonable attorneys fees, costs and necessary disbursements in addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled.

20. Entire
Agreement; Amendments and Waivers. This Warrant and any other documents delivered pursuant hereto constitute the full and entire understanding
and agreement between the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and thereof. Nonetheless, any term of this Warrant may be amended
and the observance of any term of this Warrant may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or
prospectively), with the written consent of the Company and the Holder; or if this Warrant has been assigned in part, by the holders or
rights to purchase a majority of the shares originally issuable pursuant to this Warrant.

21. Severability.
If any provision of this Warrant is held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded from this Warrant
and the balance of the Warrant shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance with
its terms.

22. Certain
Defined Terms.

(a) Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such
Person.

(b) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized
or required by applicable law or other action of a governmental authority to close.

(c) control
(including the terms controlling, under common control with and controlled by) means possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and or policies of a Person, whether through the
ownership of voting of securities, by Contract (as defined in the Transaction Agreement), as trustee or executor or otherwise.

(d) Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental Authority (as defined in the Transaction
Agreement), unincorporated organization, trust, association or other entity.

[Signature Page Follows]

11

FINAL FORM

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Warrant as of the date first written above.

JANUS HENDERSON GROUP PLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

HOLDER

THE GUARDIAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Warrant]

SCHEDULE
1

VESTING SCHEDULE

The Warrant shall vest and
become exercisable with respect to that number of Shares determined in accordance with the below vesting schedule. In addition, if on
any vesting date the Company shall have delivered a notice of a shortfall of the Gross Fees Required Amount (as defined in the Transaction
Agreement) to the Holder, the Shares that otherwise would have vested on such vesting date shall not vest unless and until the Holder
has cured such shortfall in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement.

a) Thirty percent (30%) of the Shares shall vest immediately on the Issuance Date.

b) An additional ten percent (10%) of the Shares (calculated based on the total number of Shares subject
to this Warrant on the Issuance Date and not on the remainder of unvested Shares) shall vest annually, beginning on the date of the fourth
(4th) anniversary of the Issuance Date, until the date of the ninth (9th) anniversary of the Issuance Date.

c) The remaining ten percent (10%) of the Shares (calculated based on the total number of Shares subject
to this Warrant on the Issuance Date and not on the remainder of unvested Shares) shall vest on the date that is sixty (60) days prior
to the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Issuance Date.

EXHibit
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

Janus Henderson Group plc

[Address]

Attention: []

The undersigned (the Holder)
hereby elects to purchase _____________ Shares of the Janus Henderson Group plc pursuant to Section 4(a) of the attached warrant
(the Warrant), and tenders herewith payment in cash of the Exercise Price of such Shares in full, together with all
applicable transfer taxes, if any. This Notice of Exercise shall be effective as of the time set forth pursuant to Section 4(b) of
the Warrant.

Capitalized terms used, but
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Warrant.

HOLDER:

THE GUARDIAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Name in which Shares should be registered:

12

EXHIBIT B

NOTICE OF EXERCISE FOR CASH IN LIEU OF SHARES

Janus Henderson Group plc

[Address]

Attention:

The undersigned (the Holder)
hereby elects to exercise the attached warrant (the Warrant) with respect to _________ Shares and receive cash in
U.S. Dollars in lieu of receiving such Shares pursuant to Section 4(d) of the Warrant. This Notice of Exercise shall be effective
as of the time set forth pursuant to Section 4(b) of the Warrant.

Please transfer cash by wire
transfer in immediately available funds in the amount of $_____________ to the Holder at the following bank account:

[Insert Wire Transfer Instructions]

Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Warrant.

HOLDER:

THE GUARDIAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT C

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

For
Value Received, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Dated: 

Holders 

Signature: 

Holders 

Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment
Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary
or other representative capacity should provide proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511720d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Guardian and Janus Henderson
Announce Multifaceted, Strategic Partnership

Janus Henderson will manage the $45 billion investment grade public
fixed income asset portfolio for Guardians general account, becoming Guardians investment grade public fixed income asset
manager

Guardian will receive equity warrants and other economic consideration,
supporting a shared goal of accelerating growth and creating value

Guardian will commit up to $400 million of seed capital for Janus Henderson
fixed income product innovation

Guardian and Janus Henderson will also co-develop proprietary, multi-asset
solution model portfolios for Guardians dually registered broker-dealer and registered investment advisor, Park Avenue Securities
(PAS)

April 8, 2025

NEW YORK and LONDON The Guardian
Life Insurance Company of America ("Guardian"), one of Americas largest life insurers and a leading provider of
employee benefits, and Janus Henderson Group plc (NYSE: JHG; Janus Henderson), a leading global asset manager, today announced
an innovative strategic partnership, whereby Janus Henderson will become Guardians investment grade public fixed income asset manager.
Through the partnership, Janus Henderson will manage the $45 billion investment grade public fixed income portfolio for Guardians
general account, which will include investment grade corporates and securitized credit. As part of the agreement, Guardian investment
professionals currently supporting the in-scope asset classes will have the opportunity to join Janus Henderson, providing continuity
in the management of these assets while further enhancing Janus Hendersons specialized insurance investment capabilities.

At the completion of this transaction, Janus
Henderson will manage over $147 billion in fixed income assets globally1 and over $109
billion for global insurance companies2, greatly expanding the firms institutional
reach and insurance presence. The partnership positions Janus Henderson as a top-15 unaffiliated insurance asset manager.3

In addition, Guardian will commit up to $400
million of seed capital to help accelerate Janus Hendersons continued innovation in securitized credit and high quality active
fixed income products, as well as other leading fixed income capabilities. This builds on the success of Janus Hendersons active
fixed income ETF suite, which includes JAAA, the largest CLO ETF4, JBBB,
which provides exposure to floating-rate CLOs generally rated BBB, JSI, which invests in opportunities across the U.S.
securitized markets, JMBS, the largest actively managed mortgage-backed securities ETF5,
and VNLA, an active global short duration income ETF. This partnership will benefit from Janus Hendersons innovative
investment approach as a leading active asset manager and a pioneer in active fixed income ETFs.

1 Figure includes the fixed income portion of multi-asset funds
as of December 31, 2024.

2 Pro forma AUM as of December 31, 2024, figures include $45bn
of Guardian assets and $64bn of Janus Henderson client AUM across global Insurance, Variable Insurance Trust, Insurance Broker Dealer,
and Retail Life Co. AUM.

3 Source: Clearwater Analytics Investment Outsourcing Report,
2024.

4 Source: Morningstar, as of March 31, 2025.

5 Source: Morningstar, as of March 31, 2025.

1

As part of this strategic partnership, Guardian
will receive equity warrants and other economic consideration designed to support a shared goal of accelerating growth and driving value
creation.

Guardian and Janus Henderson will also co-develop
proprietary, multi-asset solution model portfolios for Guardians dually registered broker-dealer and registered investment advisor,
Park Avenue Securities (PAS), which has over 2,400 advisors covering approximately $58.5 billion of client assets under management.6
As a key partner to PAS, Janus Henderson will develop investment solutions for PAS clients, bringing together Janus Hendersons
full suite of global investment allocation and solutions capabilities, including Janus Henderson EdgeTM, the firms award-winning
proprietary analytics platform from its Portfolio Construction & Strategy team.7
This is expected to broaden and enhance investment opportunities for PAS clients and provide dedicated support and practice management
for Guardians team of national financial representatives and their clients.

Andrew McMahon, Guardian Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, said, This strategic partnership with Janus Henderson enhances Guardians investment and solutions
capabilities and aligns our organizations for long-term, mutual growth. Our shared culture of collaboration and dedication to our clients
make them a natural partner for Guardian. By combining Guardians exceptional experience with Janus Hendersons market-leading
investment strategies, resources, and capabilities, we will be able to offer innovative investment and wealth management strategies that
will benefit customers and policyholders for years to come.

Ali Dibadj, Chief Executive Officer of Janus
Henderson, commented, Janus Henderson is honored to partner with Guardian, one of the largest and most respected life insurers
in the U.S. Together we will work to help shape the financial futures of millions of customers, creating a brighter future together. This
multifaceted, innovative partnership, founded on a shared set of client-focused values, leverages our complementary strengths, creates
alignment for mutual growth, and intends to achieve mutually beneficial outcomes for policyholders, our clients, shareholders, and employees.
This strategic partnership also supports the execution of Janus Hendersons client-led vision of amplifying our strengths in Fixed
Income, Multi-Asset Solutions, and Model Portfolios, while greatly expanding our presence in the institutional market and insurance space.
Guardians selection of Janus Henderson speaks to the trust that the most sophisticated asset owners in the world have placed in
Janus Henderson.

This partnership transaction is expected to close
at the end of the second quarter of 2025.

An investor presentation on the partnership transaction
is available on Janus Hendersons Investor Relations website.

Janus Henderson was advised by Mayer Brown LLP
and Guardian was advised by Debevoise & Plimpton LLP.

-ends-

Media Contacts:

Janus Henderson

Candice Sun

Global Head of Media Relations

+1 303-336-5452

candice.sun@janushenderson.com

Guardian

Mediarelations@glic.com

6 As of December 31, 2024.

7 Janus Henderson was awarded American Financial Technology Awards
best analytics initiative for 2019.

2

Investor Relations Contact:

Janus Henderson

Jim Kurtz

Head of Investor Relations

+1 303-336-4529

jim.kurtz@janushenderson.com

Notes to editors

About Guardian

Guardian makes a difference in the lives of people when they need
us most. With 165 years of stability and fiscal integrity, we are a trusted resource to generations of families and business owners,
inspiring well-being and helping build financial confidence. Today, we stand behind millions of consumers, helping them prepare and
plan for a bright future for themselves and their families. We help business owners care for their employees. And we help people
recover and thrive in times of unexpected loss. As a modern mutual insurance company, we believe in driving value beyond dividends.
We invest in our colleagues, are building an inclusive and innovative culture, and are helping to uplift communities through
thoughtful corporate impact programs. Guardian, which is based in New York City, is a leading provider of life, disability, dental,
and other benefits, and has received accolades for its culture and service. Our colleagues and financial professionals serve with
care and experience, and our commitments rest on a strong financial foundation, which included a 2025 dividend allocation of $1.6
billion the largest in the company's history. For more information, visit guardianlife.com or follow us
on Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.

About Janus Henderson

Janus Henderson Group is a leading global active asset manager dedicated to helping clients define and achieve superior financial outcomes
through differentiated insights, disciplined investments, and world-class service. As of December 31, 2024, Janus Henderson had approximately
US$379 billion in assets under management, more than 2,000 employees, and offices in 25 cities worldwide. The firm helps millions of people
globally invest in a brighter future together. Headquartered in London, Janus Henderson is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Source: Janus Henderson Group plc

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS DISCLAIMER

Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as
amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and
unknown risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and could cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ
materially from those discussed. These include statements as to our future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events,
conditions, financial performance, prospects, or future events, including with respect to the timing and anticipated benefits of pending
transactions and expectations regarding acquisition opportunities. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by
the use of words such as may, could, expect, intend, plan, seek,
anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, continue,
likely, will, would, and similar words and phrases. Forward-looking statements are necessarily
based on estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by us and our management, are inherently uncertain. Accordingly,
you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made and are not guarantees
of future performance. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.

Various risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and factors that could cause
our future results to differ materially from those expressed by the forward-looking statements included in this press release include,
but are not limited to, our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction, and the risks, uncertainties, assumptions,
and factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and in other filings or furnishings
made by the Company with the SEC from time to time.

3

Annualized, pro forma, projected, and estimated numbers are used for
illustrative purposes only, are not forecasts, and may not reflect actual results.

The information, statements, and opinions contained in this document
do not constitute a public offer under any applicable legislation or an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities
or financial instruments or any advice or recommendation with respect to such securities or other financial instruments.

Not all products or services are available in all jurisdictions.

Please consider the charges, risks, expenses, and investment objectives
carefully before investing. For a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this and other information, please call
Janus Henderson at 800.668.0434 or download the file from janushenderson.com/info. Read it carefully before you invest or
send money.

Past performance is no guarantee of future results. There is no assurance
the stated objective(s) will be met.

Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal
and fluctuation of value.

Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate, inflation,
credit and default risk. The bond market is volatile. As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. The
return of principal is not guaranteed, and prices may decline if an issuer fails to make timely payments or its credit strength weakens.

Foreign securities are subject to additional risks including
currency fluctuations, political and economic uncertainty, increased volatility, lower liquidity and differing financial and information
reporting standards, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.

Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) are debt securities
issued in different tranches, with varying degrees of risk, and backed by an underlying portfolio consisting primarily of below investment
grade corporate loans. The return of principal is not guaranteed, and prices may decline if payments are not made timely or credit strength
weakens. CLOs are subject to liquidity risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, call risk and the risk of default of the underlying assets.

Concentrated investments in a single sector, industry or region
will be more susceptible to factors affecting that group and may be more volatile than less concentrated investments or the market as
a whole.

Derivatives can be more volatile and sensitive to economic or
market changes than other investments, which could result in losses exceeding the original investment and magnified by leverage.

Increased portfolio turnover may result in higher expenses
and potentially higher net taxable gains or losses.

Mortgage-backed securities (MBS) may be more sensitive
to interest rate changes. They are subject to extension risk, where borrowers extend the duration of their mortgages as interest
rates rise, and prepayment risk, where borrowers pay off their mortgages earlier as interest rates fall. These risks may reduce returns.

Securitized products, such as mortgage- and asset-backed securities, are
more sensitive to interest rate changes, have extension and prepayment risk, and are subject to more credit, valuation and liquidity risk
than other fixed-income securities.

4

For JMBS and JSI: The Fund will typically enter into to
be announced or TBA commitments when purchasing MBS, which allows the Fund to agree to pay for certain yet-to-be
issued securities at a future date and which may have a leveraging effect on the Fund.

JMBS may enter into reverse repurchase agreement transactions and use
the cash made available from these transactions to make additional investments in mortgage-related instruments or other fixed-income securities.

Actively managed portfolios may fail to produce the intended
results. No investment strategy can ensure a profit or eliminate the risk of loss.

Janus Henderson Investors US LLC is the investment adviser and ALPS
Distributors, Inc. is the distributor. ALPS is not affiliated with Janus Henderson

Janus Henderson is a trademark of Janus Henderson Group plc or one
of its subsidiaries. Janus Henderson Group plc.

This press release is solely for the use of members of the media
and should not be relied upon by personal investors, financial advisers, or institutional investors. We may record telephone calls for
our mutual protection, to improve customer service and for regulatory record keeping purposes. All opinions and estimates in this information
are subject to change without notice.

Guardian is a registered trademark of The Guardian
Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY. Copyright 2025 The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America.
All rights reserved.

Securities products/services and advisory services offered through
Park Avenue Securities LLC, a registered broker-dealer and registered investment adviser. Park Avenue Securities is a wholly owned subsidiary
of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America and is located at 10 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. Member FINRA, SIPC.

Dividends are not guaranteed. They are declared annually by Guardian's
Board of Directors. The total dividend calculation includes mortality experience and expense management as well as investment results.

Financial information concerning Guardian as of December 31, 2024,
on a statutory basis: Admitted assets = $86.8 billion; liabilities = $77.5 billion (including $60.7 billion of reserves); and surplus
= $9.3 billion.

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>jhg-20250408.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>jhg-20250408_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>jhg-20250408_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2511720d1_8kimg001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2511720d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 08, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 08, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38103

Entity Registrant Name JANUS HENDERSON GROUP PLC

Entity Central Index Key 0001274173

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1376360

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Y9

Entity Address, Address Line One 201 Bishopsgate

Entity Address, City or Town London

Entity Address, Country GB

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code EC2M3AE

Country Region +44

City Area Code (0) 20

Local Phone Number 7818
1818

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $1.50 Per Share Par Value

Trading Symbol JHG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Region code of country+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CountryRegion

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://janus.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

jhg-20250408.xsd 
jhg-20250408_lab.xml 
jhg-20250408_pre.xml 
tm2511720d1_8k.htm 

tm2511720d1_8kimg001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-032902-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm2511720d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001274173 

2025-04-08 
2025-04-08 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001274173 
8-K 
2025-04-08 
001-38103 
JANUS HENDERSON GROUP PLC 
Y9 
98-1376360 
201 Bishopsgate 
EC2M3AE 
London 
GB 
+44 
(0) 20 
7818 1818 
Common Stock, $1.50 Per Share Par Value 
JHG 
NYSE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>