<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-004896.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-004896.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121161518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-004896
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW ERA HELIUM INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42433
		FILM NUMBER:		25542654

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4501 SANTA ROSA DR.
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79707
		BUSINESS PHONE:		432-695-6997

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4501 SANTA ROSA DR.
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79707

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Roth CH V Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240625
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm253803d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000202833600020283362025-01-162025-01-160002028336us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-162025-01-160002028336NEHC:WarrantsMember2025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 16, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

NEW ERA HELIUM INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Charter)

Nevada 001-42433 99-3749880

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 

Identification Number)

4501
Santa Rosa Dr.

Midland, TX 79707

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (432) 695-6997

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which 

registered

Common Stock NEHC The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Warrants NEHCW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company x

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement

(a) Limited
Liability Company Agreement

As previously disclosed in
New Era Helium Inc. (the Company)s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, initially filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 30, 2024 (the Registration Statement),
the Company entered into a letter of intent with Sharon AI, Inc. (Sharon AI), a Delaware corporation specializing
in artificial intelligence, for the parties joint development and operation of a 250 megawatt (MW) net-zero
energy data center in the Permian Basin through a joint venture entity.

Purpose

On January 21, 2025, the Company
entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement (the LLC Agreement) with SharonAI for the creation of Texas Critical
Data Centers LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and joint venture of the Company and SharonAI (the Joint Venture).
Pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement, the purpose of the Joint Venture is to engage in (i) the purchase, building, and development
of a site in Texas with an initial 250 MW gas-fired power plant and corresponding data center, and (ii) the operation of this site and
(iii) any and all lawful activities necessary or incidental thereto.

Management

A Board of Managers (the
Board) comprised at all times of two (2) managers (each, a Manager) will manage, operate, and
control the business and affairs of the Joint Venture. One Manager will be designated by SharonAI (the Class A Manager)
and one Manager will be designated by the Company (the Class B Manager). Each of such Managers may be removed, with
or without cause, by the designating member (Member), and each of such removals will be effective upon written notice
to the other Member and the Chairperson of the Board. For all actions taken by the Company, the presence of both the Class A Manager
and Class B Manager shall constitute a quorum, subject to the terms of the LLC Agreement. Each of the Managers will serve on the Board
without compensation in such capacity.

Membership; Capital Contributions; Distributions.

Each of the Company and
SharonAI has contributed $75,000 to the Joint Venture and have a 50% membership interest in the Joint Venture, constituting the
initial members of the Joint Venture. So long as a Member holds a membership interest in the Joint Venture, such Member may not
withdraw or resign as a member prior to the dissolution and winding up of the Joint Venture, and any such withdrawal or resignation
or attempted withdrawal or resignation will be null and void. Members are required to make additional capital contributions (each,
an Additional Capital Contribution) as set forth in the LLC Agreement, and failure to make Additional Capital
Contributions in accordance with the terms of the LLC Agreement entitle the non-defaulting Member to institute proceedings against
the non-contributing Member (Non-Contributing Member), purchase such Non-Contributing Members membership
interest, or force a sale of such Non-Contributing Members membership interest. No Member may transfer all or any portion of
its membership interest without the written consent of the other Member unless such transfer is made pursuant to a Non-Contributing
Members failure to make Additional Capital Contributions as set forth in the LLC Agreement. New Members of the Joint Venture
may be admitted from time to time pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement. No real or personal property of the Joint Venture will
be deemed to be owned by any of its Members individually and will be owned by, and title will be vested solely in, the Joint
Venture. Each fiscal year, net income and net loss will be allocated amongst the Members pro rata in accordance with their
membership interests in the Joint Venture. Distributions of the Joint Venture, following allowance for payment of Joint Venture
obligations then due and payable, will be made to the members on at least a quarterly basis (unless the Board and members
unanimously agree otherwise), pro rata in accordance to the Members percentage interests in the Joint Venture.

The foregoing summary of
LLC Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the LLC Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Form 8-K).

The Companys press
release announcing its entry into the LLC Agreement with SharonAI is filed to this Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1.

(b) Senior
Secured Convertible Promissory Note

The information set forth
in Item 2.03 of this Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note

On December 6, 2024, the Company
issued a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the Initial Note) to an institutional investor (the Investor
or the Holder) for an aggregate principal amount of $7.0 million, pursuant to the terms of the Equity Purchase Facility
Agreement entered into on December 6, 2024 between the Company and the Investor (the EPFA). Capitalized terms used
herein but not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Subsequent Note.

On January 16, 2025 (the Issuance Date), following the effectiveness
of the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) on December 30, 2024, and pursuant to the terms of the EPFA, the Company issued another Senior Secured
Convertible Promissory Note (the Subsequent Note) to the Investor in an aggregate principal amount of $3.0 million
for an aggregate purchase price of $2.79 million after giving effect to a 7% original issue discount. The Subsequent Note is for a term
of 15 months from the Issuance Date. Commencing on the ninetieth (90th) day following the Issuance Date, and continuing on the same day
of each successive calendar month until the entire outstanding principal amount has been repaid, the Company is required to make monthly
payments to the holder of the Subsequent Note (the Holder). Each monthly payment will be in an amount equal to the
sum of (i) one twelfth (1/12) of the initial aggregate principal of the Subsequent Note and all other notes issued pursuant to the
EPFA, plus (ii) accrued and unpaid under the Subsequent Note as of each payment date. Interest accrues on the outstanding principal
balance hereof at an initial annual rate equal to 10% (Interest Rate), which Interest Rate will increase to an annual
rate of 18% upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Subsequent Note).

Conversion
Rights.

Conversion at Option of
Holder. The Subsequent Note is convertible into shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) at the option of the Investor at an initial conversion price of $10.00 per share (the Conversion Price).
Subject to certain exceptions outlined in the Subsequent Note, including, but not limited to, equity issuances in connection with its
equity incentive plan and certain strategic acquisitions, if the Company sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or grants any option
to purchase, or sells, enters into an agreement to sell, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any offer, sale, grant or any
option to purchase or other disposition) any shares of Common Stock or any other securities that are at any time convertible into, or
exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitle the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock, at an effective price per share less
than the Conversion Price of the Subsequent Note then in effect, the Conversion Price will be reduced to equal the effective price per
share in such dilutive issuance. The Conversion Price is also subject to a downward adjustment if an Event of Default occurs. The Conversion
Price is subject to an initial floor price (the Floor Price) of $0.7176 per share of Common Stock; however, beginning on
July 15, 2025 and on the same day of every six (6) months thereafter (each, a Floor Price Reset Date), the Floor
Price will be reduced to 20% of the average volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such trading day on the primary market
of the Common Stock during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (the VWAP) during the five (5) trading
days immediately prior to such Floor Price Reset Date. Additionally, the Company may reduce the Floor Price to any amount set forth in
a written notice to the Holder, provided that any such reduction will be irrevocable and will not be subject to increase thereafter. The
Company may prepay the Subsequent Note at its option, upon thirty (30) business days written notice, by paying a 10% redemption premium.

Event of Default Conversion.
From and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Holder may elect to convert the Subsequent Note into shares of the Common Stock
at the Event of Default Conversion Price, which is equal to the lower of:

The Conversion Price then in
effect; and

90% of the lowest VWAP
of the Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the date on which we received written
notice of such conversion from such holder, subject to the Floor Price.

Limitations on Conversion.
A Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Subsequent Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion,
the Holder (together with its related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage)
of shares of our Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. The Maximum Percentage may be raised or
lowered to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99%, at the option of the Holder, except that any increase will only be effective
upon 61 days prior written notice to the Company.

Redemption Rights.

At any time, the Company
may redeem in cash all, or any portion, of the Subsequent Note, in an amount equal to the outstanding principal balance being redeemed,
plus a 10% premium in respect of such principal amount, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount.

The foregoing summary of Subsequent
Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Subsequent Note filed as Exhibit 10.2
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and the EPFA filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Companys Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement
on Form S-1, initially filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.

The information set forth
under Item 1.01 above of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02. The Company offered and issued the Subsequent Note,
and will issue the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the Subsequent Note, in reliance upon the exemptions from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number Description

10.1 Limited Liability Company Agreement
between the Company and SharonAI, Inc.

10.2 Form
of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated January 16, 2025.

10.3 Equity
Purchase Facility Agreement dated as of December 6, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.25 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, initially filed with the SEC on December 30, 2024).

99.1 Press Release dated January 21, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive
Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: January 21, 2025

NEW ERA HELIUM INC. 

By: /s/ E. Will Gray II 

Name: E. Will Gray II 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm253803d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY AGREEMENT

This Limited Liability Company Agreement of Texas
Critical Data Centers LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), is entered into as of January 21,
2025 by and among the Company, SharonAI, Inc., a Delaware corporation (SharonAI), and New Era Helium Inc., a
Nevada corporation (NEHC).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware by the filing of a Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State
of Delaware (the Secretary of State) on November 22, 2024 (the Certificate of Formation)
for the purpose set forth in Section 2.05 of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, SharonAI and NEHC
have each agreed to contribute, or cause to be contributed, to the Company certain assets and liabilities in exchange for Membership Interests;
and

WHEREAS, the Members wish
to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions governing the operation and management of the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01
Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.01:

Additional
Capital Contributions has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(a).

Adjusted Capital Account Deficit
means, with respect to any Member, the deficit balance, if any, in such Member's Capital Account as of the end of the relevant Fiscal
Year, after giving effect to the following adjustments:

(a) crediting
to such Capital Account any amount that such Member is obligated to restore or is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury
Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c), 1.704-2(g)(1), and 1.704-2(i); and

(b) debiting
to such Capital Account the items described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5), and (6).

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person who, directly or indirectly (including through one or more intermediaries), controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control, when used
with respect to any specified Person, shall mean the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of such Person, whether through ownership of voting securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract, or
otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled shall have correlative meanings. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the term Affiliate does not, when used with respect to a Member or Manager, include the Company and vice
versa.

-1-

Agreement
means this Limited Liability Company Agreement, as executed and as it may be amended, modified, supplemented, or restated from time to
time, as provided herein.

Applicable Law
means all applicable provisions of (a) constitutions, treaties, statutes, laws (including the common law), rules, regulations, decrees,
ordinances, codes, proclamations, declarations, or orders of any Governmental Authority; (b) any consents or approvals of any Governmental
Authority; and (c) any orders, decisions, advisory or interpretative opinions, injunctions, judgments, awards, decrees of, or agreements
with, any Governmental Authority.

Asserting
Member has the meaning set forth in Section 7.13.

Bankruptcy
means, with respect to a Member, the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the filing of an application by such Member for,
or a consent to, the appointment of a trustee of such Member's assets; (b) the filing by such Member of a voluntary petition in
bankruptcy or the filing of a pleading in any court of record admitting in writing such Member's inability to pay its debts as they
come due; (c) the making by such Member of a general assignment for the benefit of such Member's creditors; (d) the filing
by such Member of an answer admitting the material allegations of, or such Member's consenting to, or defaulting in answering a
bankruptcy petition filed against such Member in any bankruptcy proceeding; or (e) the expiration of sixty (60) days following
the entry of an order, judgment, or decree by any court of competent jurisdiction adjudicating such Member bankrupt or appointing a
trustee of such Member's assets.

BBA
means the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015.

Board
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

Book Depreciation
means, with respect to any Company asset for each Fiscal Year, the Company's depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deductions
determined for federal income tax purposes, except that if the Book Value of an asset differs from its adjusted tax basis at the beginning
of such Fiscal Year, Book Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such beginning Book Value as the federal income
tax depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deduction for such Fiscal Year bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis; provided,
that if the adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes of an asset at the beginning of such Fiscal Year is zero and the Book Value
of the asset is positive, Book Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such beginning Book Value using any permitted method
selected by the Board in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g)(3).

Book Value
means, with respect to any Company asset, the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income tax purposes, except as follows:

(a) the
initial Book Value of any Company asset contributed by a Member to the Company shall be the gross Fair Market Value of such Company asset
as of the date of such contribution;

-2-

(b) immediately
prior to the distribution by the Company of any Company asset to a Member, the Book Value of such asset shall be adjusted to its gross
Fair Market Value as of the date of such distribution;

(c) the
Book Value of all Company assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross Fair Market Values, as reasonably determined (except
as otherwise provided in Section 12.03(d)) by unanimous consent of the Members, as of the following times:

(i) the
acquisition of an additional Membership Interest by a new or existing Member in consideration for more than a de minimis Capital
Contribution;

(ii) the
distribution by the Company to a Member of more than a de minimis amount of property (other than cash) as consideration for all
or a part of such Member's Membership Interest; and

(iii) the
liquidation of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g);

provided,
that adjustments pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above need not be made if the Board reasonably determines that such adjustment
is not necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the Members and that the absence of such adjustment does
not adversely and disproportionately affect any Member;

(d) the
Book Value of each Company asset shall be increased or decreased, as the case may be, to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted tax basis
of such Company asset pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent that such adjustments
are taken into account in determining Capital Account balances pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m); provided,
that Book Values shall not be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph (d) to the extent that an adjustment pursuant to paragraph (c) above
is made in conjunction with a transaction that would otherwise result in an adjustment pursuant to this paragraph (d); and

(e) if
the Book Value of a Company asset has been determined pursuant to paragraph (a) or adjusted pursuant to paragraphs (c) or (d) above,
such Book Value shall thereafter be adjusted to reflect the Book Depreciation taken into account with respect to such Company asset for
purposes of computing Net Income and Net Losses.

Budget
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.11(a).

Business has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a).

Business Day
means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required to
close.

Buy-Out
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b).

Buy-Sell Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(d).

-3-

Buy-Sell
Election Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(c).

Buy-Sell Offer Notice has the
meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b).

Buy-Sell Purchase Price has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.03(e).

Buy-Sell
Purchasing Member has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(d).

Buy-Sell Selling Member has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.03(d).

Capital Account has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.03.

Capital Contribution means,
for any Member, the total amount of cash and cash equivalents and the Book Value of any property contributed to the Company by such Member.

Certificate
of Formation has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Chairperson
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.08.

Class A
Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(a)(i).

Class B Manager
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(a)(ii).

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Company has the
meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Company Interest Rate
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(c).

Company Minimum
Gain means partnership minimum gain as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(2), substituting
the term Company for the term partnership as the context requires.

Competitor
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.02.

Confidential
Information has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01(a).

Contributing Member has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.02(b).

Covered Person has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.01(a).

Deadlock has the meaning set forth
in Section 9.03(a).

Default
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(b).

Default Loan has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.02(b).

Default Rate has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.02(b).

-4-

Defaulting
Member means a Member that has breached in any material respect any of Section 3.01 or Section 3.02
of this Agreement and such breach, if capable of cure, remains uncured for 30 days after written notice of such breach to such Member.

Delaware Act means
the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, Title 6, Chapter 18, 18-101, et seq.

Dissolution
means, with respect to a Member, the occurrence of any of the following: (a) if
such Member is a partnership or limited liability company, the dissolution and commencement of winding up of such partnership or
limited liability company; or (b) if such Member is a corporation, the dissolution of the corporation or the revocation of its
charter.

Electronic Transmission
means any form of communication not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, including the use of, or participation in,
one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), that creates a record
that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient
through an automated process.

Encumbrance
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(d).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Fair Market Value
of any asset as of any date means the purchase price that a willing buyer having all relevant knowledge would pay a willing seller for
such asset in an arm's-length transaction. Unless otherwise provided herein, Fair Market Value shall be as determined unanimously by the
Members; provided, that if the Members are unable to agree on the fair market value of such asset within a reasonable period of
time (not to exceed a period of ten days), such fair market value shall be determined by a nationally recognized investment banking, accounting,
or valuation firm selected by unanimous agreement of the Members or, if the Members are unable to agree on a firm within a five day period,
Houlihan Lokey, or if Houlihan Lokey is unavailable to perform the services, Kroll. The determination of such firm shall be final, conclusive,
and binding and the fees and expenses of such valuation firm shall be borne by the Company.

Fiscal Year
means the calendar year, unless the Company is required to have a taxable year other than the calendar year, in which case Fiscal Year
shall be the period that conforms to its taxable year.

Fundamental Matter
shall mean any of the following regarding the Company:

(a) An
amendment, modification, or waiver of the Certificate of Formation or this Agreement, other than as provided in Section 13.09;

(b) A
material change to the nature of the business conducted by the Company or its entry into any business other than the Business;

(c) Any
issuance, repurchase, or redemption of any Membership Interest or other equity interest or any securities convertible into or
exercisable for any Membership Interest or other equity interest, or acceptance of any Capital Contribution other than the Initial
Capital Contributions or Additional Capital Contributions;

-5-

(d) Adoption,
amendment, or waiver of the Budget;

(e) Authorization
or incurrence of expenses that are more than 110% of the corresponding amounts set forth in the Budget;

(f) Any
determination to request Capital Contributions from the Members (other than with respect to Additional Capital Contributions that are
provided for in the then approved Budget);

(g) Any
material change in tax or accounting methods or policies (other than as required by GAAP);

(h) Except
as provided in Section 7.13, initiation or settlement of any lawsuit, legal action, dispute, arbitration, or other judicial
or administrative proceeding, in each case other than in the ordinary course of business, or any agreement to the provision of any equitable
relief; or

(i) Initiation
of a bankruptcy proceeding (or consent to any involuntary bankruptcy proceeding) or, other than as contemplated by ARTICLE XII,
dissolve, wind- up, or liquidate the Company.

GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time.

Governmental Authority
means any federal, state, local, or foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of such government
or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority
(to the extent that the rules, regulations, or orders of such organization or authority have the force of law), or any arbitrator, court,
or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.

Initial Budget has the meaning set
forth in Section 7.11(a).

Initial Capital Contribution has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

Initial Members means SharonAI
and NEHC.

Initiating
Member has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b).

Joinder Agreement
means the joinder agreement in form and substance attached hereto as Exhibit A.

JV Agreements
means any agreement between the Company and one or more Members relating to the provision of services or assets to the Company by such
Member(s).

-6-

Liquidator
has the meaning set forth in Section 12.03(a).

Losses has the meaning set forth in
Section 8.03(a).

Manager has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.01.

Managers
Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(d).

Member
means (a) each Initial Member and (b) each Person who is hereafter admitted as a member in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and the Delaware Act. The Members shall constitute the members (as that term is defined in the Delaware Act) of
the Company.

SharonAI has the meaning set forth in
the preamble.

NEHC has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Member Indemnitors has the meaning
set forth in Section 8.03(f).

Member Nonrecourse
Debt means partner nonrecourse debt as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4), substituting
the term Company for the term partnership and the term Member for the term partner
as the context requires.

Member Nonrecourse
Debt Minimum Gain means an amount, with respect to each Member Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Company Minimum Gain that would
result if the Member Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3).

Member Nonrecourse
Deduction means partner nonrecourse deduction as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i), substituting
the term Member for the term partner as the context requires.

Membership Interest
means an interest in the Company owned by a Member, including such Member's right to (a) its distributive share of Net Income, Net
Losses, and other items of income, gain, loss, and deduction of the Company; (b) its distributive share of the assets of the Company;
(c) vote on, consent to, or otherwise participate in any decision of the Members as provided in this Agreement; and (d) any
and all other benefits to which such Member may be entitled as provided in this Agreement or the Delaware Act. The Membership Interest
of each Member shall be expressed as a Percentage Interest.

Net Income
and Net Loss mean, for each Fiscal Year or other period specified in this Agreement, an amount equal to the Company's
taxable income or taxable loss, or particular items thereof, determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (where, for this
purpose, all items of income, gain, loss, or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(1) shall
be included in taxable income or taxable loss), but with the following adjustments:

(a) any
income realized by the Company that is exempt from federal income taxation, as described in Code Section 705(a)(1)(B), shall be added
to such taxable income or taxable loss, notwithstanding that such income is not includable in gross income;

-7-

(b) any
expenditures of the Company described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B), including any items treated under Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(I) as
items described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B), shall be subtracted from such taxable income or taxable loss, notwithstanding that
such expenditures are not deductible for federal income tax purposes;

(c) any
gain or loss resulting from any disposition of Company property with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax
purposes shall be computed by reference to the Book Value of the property so disposed, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of
such property differs from its Book Value;

(d) any
items of depreciation, amortization, and other cost recovery deductions with respect to Company property having a Book Value that differs
from its adjusted tax basis shall be computed by reference to the property's Book Value (as adjusted for Book Depreciation) in accordance
with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g);

(e) if
the Book Value of any Company property is adjusted as provided in the definition of Book Value, then the amount of such adjustment shall
be treated as an item of gain or loss and included in the computation of such taxable income or taxable loss; and

(f) to
the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Company property pursuant to Code Sections 732(d), 734(b), or 743(b) is
required, pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts,
the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the
asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis).

Non-Contributing
Member has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(b).

Nonrecourse Deductions
has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b).

Nonrecourse Liability
has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704- 2(b)(3).

Officers
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.09.

Percentage Interest
means, with respect to a Member at any time, the percentage set forth opposite such Member's name on Schedule A hereto (such percentage
being understood to be reflective of the economic interest in the Company represented by such Member's Membership Interest). The Percentage
Interests shall at all times aggregate to one hundred percent (100%).

Permitted
Transfer means a Transfer of a Membership Interest carried out pursuant to Section 9.02.

Permitted Transferee
means a recipient of a Permitted Transfer.

-8-

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental Authority, unincorporated organization,
trust, association, or other entity.

Regulatory
Allocations has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02(e).

Related-Party Agreement
means any agreement, arrangement, transaction, or understanding between the Company and any Member or Manager or any Affiliate of a Member
or Manager.

Representative
means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, managers, officers, employees, consultants, financial advisors, counsel, accountants,
and other agents of such Person.

Responding
Member has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b).

Response Notice has the meaning set
forth in Section 9.03(c).

Restricted Period has the meaning set
forth in Section 10.02.

Revised
Partnership Audit Rules has the meaning set forth in Section 11.04(c).

Secretary of State
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933.

Sell-Out
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b).

Site
means a real property site in Penwell, Texas, sufficient in size and characteristics for the Business.

Specified
Indemnified Persons has the meaning set forth in Section 8.03(f).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any
Person, any other Person of which at least a majority of the outstanding shares or other equity interests having the power to vote for
directors or comparable managers are owned, directly or indirectly, by the first Person.

Tax
Matters Representative has the meaning set forth in Section 11.04(a).

Taxing Authority has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.02(b).

Term
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06.

Transfer
means to, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, hypothecate, or similarly dispose of, either voluntarily
or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, or to enter into any contract, option, or other arrangement or understanding with
respect to the sale, transfer, assignment, Encumbrance, hypothecation, or similar disposition of, any Membership Interest owned by a
Person or any interest (including a beneficial interest or any direct or indirect economic or voting interest) in any Membership Interest
owned by a Person. Transfer when used as a noun shall have a correlative meaning. Transferor
and Transferee mean a Person who makes or receives a Transfer, respectively.

-9-

Transferring
Member has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02.

Treasury Regulations
means the final or temporary regulations issued by the United States Department of Treasury pursuant to its authority under the Code,
and any successor regulations.

Withholding
Advances has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(b).

Section 1.02
Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement: (a) the words include, includes, and including
shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation; (b) the word or is not exclusive; and
(c) the words herein, hereof, hereby, hereto, and hereunder
refer to this Agreement as a whole. The definitions given for any defined terms in this Agreement shall apply equally to both the singular
and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine,
and gender-neutral forms. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein: (i) to Articles, Sections, and Exhibits mean
the Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits attached to, this Agreement; (ii) to an agreement, instrument, or other document means
such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions
thereof; and (iii) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and
any regulations promulgated thereunder. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction
or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The Exhibits and Schedules referred
to herein shall be construed with, and as an integral part of, this Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

ARTICLE II 

ORGANIZATION

Section 2.01 Formation.

(a) The
Company was formed on November 22, 2024, pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act, upon the filing of the Certificate of Formation
with the Secretary of State.

(b) This
Agreement shall constitute the limited liability company agreement (as that term is used in the Delaware Act) of the Company.
The rights, powers, duties, obligations, and liabilities of the Members shall be determined pursuant to the Delaware Act and this Agreement.
To the extent that the rights, powers, duties, obligations, and liabilities of any Member are different by reason of any provision of
this Agreement than they would be under the Delaware Act in the absence of such provision, this Agreement shall, to the extent permitted
by the Delaware Act, control.

Section 2.02 Name.
The name of the Company is Texas Critical Data Centers LLC.

-10-

Section 2.03 Principal Office. The principal office of the Company is located at 4501 Santa Rosa Dr., Midland, TX 79707, or such other place
as may from time to time be determined by the Board. The Board shall give prompt notice of any such change to each of the Members.

Section 2.04 Registered
Office; Registered Agent.

(a) The
registered office of the Company shall be the office of the initial registered agent named in the Certificate of Formation or such other
office (which need not be a place of business of the Company) as the Board may designate from time to time in the manner provided by the
Delaware Act and Applicable Law.

(b) The
registered agent for service of process on the Company in the State of Delaware shall be the initial registered agent named in the Certificate
of Formation or such other Person or Persons as the Board may designate from time to time in the manner provided by the Delaware Act and
Applicable Law.

Section 2.05 Purpose;
Powers.

(a) The
purpose of the Company is to engage in (i) the purchase, building and development of a site in Texas with an initial 250MW gas-fired
power plant and corresponding data center (the Business), (ii) the operation of the site and (iii) any
and all lawful activities necessary or incidental thereto.

(b) The
Company shall have all the powers necessary or convenient to carry out the purpose for which it is formed, including the powers granted
by the Delaware Act.

Section 2.06 Term. The term of the Company (Term) commenced on the date the Certificate of Formation was filed with
the Secretary of State and shall continue in existence perpetually until the Company is dissolved in accordance with the provisions of
this Agreement.

Section 2.07 No
State-Law Partnership. The Members intend that the Company shall not be a partnership or common law joint venture, and that
no Member, Manager, or Officer of the Company shall be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member, Manager, or Officer of the Company,
for any purposes other than as set forth in Section 11.03.

ARTICLE III

CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL ACCOUNTS

Section 3.01 Initial
Capital Contributions.

(a) Contemporaneously
with the execution of this Agreement (and as soon as a bank account has been established for the Company), the Initial Members have made
the following initial Capital Contributions (each, an Initial Capital Contribution) to the Company in exchange for
the Membership Interest in the amount set forth opposite such Initial Member's name on Schedule A hereto:

(i) SharonAI
has contributed the amount set forth opposite its name on Schedule
A; and

(ii) NEHC
has contributed the amount set forth opposite its name on Schedule
A.

(b) The
Board shall update Schedule A hereto upon the Transfer of any Membership Interest to any new or existing Member in accordance with
this Agreement, upon the Company's receipt of notice of a change of address of a Member, or as otherwise required by the terms hereof.

-11-

Section 3.02 Additional
Capital Contributions.

(a) In
addition to their Initial Capital Contributions, the Members shall make additional Capital Contributions in cash, in proportion to their
respective Percentage Interests, as determined by the Board from time to time to be reasonably necessary to pay any operating, capital,
or other expenses relating to the Business (such additional Capital Contributions, the Additional Capital Contributions);
provided, that such Additional Capital Contributions shall not exceed the corresponding amounts expressly provided for in the then
approved Budget. Upon the Board making such determination to call for Additional Capital Contributions, the Board shall deliver to the
Members a written notice of the Company's need for Additional Capital Contributions, which notice shall specify in reasonable detail (i) the
purpose for such Additional Capital Contributions, (ii) the aggregate amount of such Additional Capital Contributions, (iii) each
Member's pro rata share of such aggregate amount of Additional Capital Contributions (based upon such Member's Percentage Interest), and
(iv) the date (which date shall not be less than ten (10) Business Days following the date that such notice is given) on which
such Additional Capital Contributions shall be required to be made by the Members.

(b) If
any Member shall fail to timely make, or notifies the other Member that it shall not make, all or any portion of any Additional Capital
Contribution which such Member is obligated to make under Section 3.02(a), then such Member shall be deemed to be a Non-Contributing
Member. A Member that is not a Defaulting Member (a Contributing Member) shall be entitled, but not obligated,
to loan to the Non- Contributing Member, by contributing to the Company on its behalf, all or any part of the amount (the Default
Amount) that the Non-Contributing Member failed to contribute to the Company (each such loan, a Default Loan);
provided, that such Contributing Member shall have contributed to the Company its pro rata share of the applicable Additional
Capital Contribution. The proceeds of such Default Loan shall be treated as an Additional Capital Contribution by the Non-Contributing
Member. Each Default Loan shall bear interest (compounded monthly on the first day of each calendar month) on the unpaid principal amount
thereof from time to time remaining from the date advanced until repaid, at the lesser of (i) 12% per annum and (ii) the maximum
rate permitted at law (the Default Rate) and shall be recourse debt of the Non-Contributing Member, secured by the
Membership Interest of the Non-Contributing Member. Until such time as all Default Loans made to a Non-Contributing Member, together
with interest thereon, have been repaid to the Contributing Member by such Non-Contributing Member, (x) distributions payable to
the Non-Contributing Member pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid to the Contributing Member as and to the extent provided in Section 6.01(b)(i)and
(y) any such amounts paid to the Contributing Member shall not be treated as a payment of any principal or interest on any Default
Loan nor as an advance on any other distributions to which the Contributing Member may otherwise be entitled. So long as a Default Loan
is outstanding, the Non-Contributing Member shall have the right to repay it (together with interest then due and owing) in whole or
in part. Upon its repayment in full of a Default Loan made to such Non-Contributing Member, such Non-Contributing Member shall (so long
as it does not have any other outstanding Default Loans and is not otherwise a Non-Contributing Member with respect to any other Additional
Capital Contributions) cease to be a Non- Contributing Member. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a Contributing Member
may in its sole discretion demand payment of any outstanding Default Loan at any time by delivering a notice to the Non-Contributing
Member, at which time such Default Loan and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be immediately due and payable to the Contributing
Member.

-12-

(c) Any
Default Amount that is not funded pursuant to a Default Loan shall bear interest at the Default Rate (compounded monthly on the first
day of each calendar month) from the date such Additional Capital Contribution was due until paid in full to the Company by the Non-Contributing
Member. Upon payment in full of any such Default Amount, together with interest accrued thereon, such Non-Contributing Member shall (so
long as it does not have any outstanding Default Loans and is not otherwise a Non- Contributing Member with respect to any other Additional
Capital Contributions) cease to be a Non-Contributing Member.

(d) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Non-Contributing Member has an unpaid Additional Capital Contribution that has not been funded pursuant to a Default
Loan and such Additional Capital Contribution remains unpaid for thirty (30) days after the date the Contributing Member delivers written
notice to the Non-Contributing Member stating the default and demanding payment of the unpaid Additional Capital Contribution, without
limitation of any other rights or remedies that may be available, a Contributing Member may:

(i) institute
proceedings against the Non-Contributing Member, either in the Contributing Member's own name or on behalf of the Company, to obtain payment
of such unpaid Additional Capital Contribution, together with interest accrued thereon at the Default Rate from the date that such Additional
Capital Contribution was due until the date that such Additional Capital Contribution is made, at the cost and expense of the Non-Contributing
Member; or

(ii) purchase
the Membership Interest of the Non-Contributing Member at a price equal to the lesser of (i) the Non-Contributing Member's Capital
Account balance and (ii) the Fair Market Value of its Membership Interest; or

(iii) force
a sale of the Company to a third party (not an Affiliate of a Member or Manager) on commercially reasonable market terms as reasonably
determined by the Managers designated by the Contributing Member (and, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, without regard
to any requirement to obtain the approval of the Non-Contributing Member or Managers designated by the Non-Contributing Member in order
to effectuate such sale).

-13-

(e) Each
Member acknowledges and agrees that it would be impracticable or extremely difficult to determine the actual damages incurred by a Contributing
Member as a result of a failure of a Member to fund its portion of an Additional Capital Contribution, and that the entitlement of a
Contributing Member to exercise the remedies described in this Section 3.02 is fair and reasonable.

(f) Except
as set forth in this Section 3.02 or Section 3.05, no Member shall be required to make additional Capital Contributions
or make loans to the Company.

Section 3.03
Maintenance of Capital Accounts. The Company shall establish and maintain for each Member a separate capital account (a Capital
Account) on its books and records in accordance with this Section 3.03. Each Capital Account shall be established
and maintained in accordance with the following provisions:

(a) Each Member's Capital Account shall be increased by the amount of:

(i) such
Member's Capital Contributions, including such Member's initial Capital Contribution and any Additional Capital Contributions;

(ii) any
Net Income or other item of income or gain allocated to such Member pursuant to ARTICLE V; and

(iii) any
liabilities of the Company that are assumed by such Member or secured by any property distributed to such Member.

(b) Each Member's Capital Account shall be decreased by:

(i) the
cash amount or Book Value of any property distributed to such Member pursuant to ARTICLE VI and Section 12.03(c);

(ii) the
amount of any Net Loss or other item of loss or deduction allocated to such Member pursuant to ARTICLE V; and

(iii) the
amount of any liabilities of such Member assumed by the Company or that are secured by any property contributed by such Member to the
Company.

Section 3.04
Succession Upon Transfer. In the event that any Membership Interest is Transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the Transferee shall succeed to the Capital Account of the Transferor to the extent it relates to the Transferred Membership Interest
and, subject to Section 5.04, shall receive allocations and distributions pursuant to ARTICLE V, ARTICLE VI,
and ARTICLE XII in respect of such Membership Interest.

Section 3.05
Negative Capital Accounts. In the event that any Member shall have a deficit balance in its Capital Account, such Member
shall have no obligation, including during the Term or upon dissolution or liquidation of the Company, to restore such negative
balance or make any Capital Contributions to the Company by reason thereof, except as may be required by Applicable Law or in
respect of any negative balance resulting from a withdrawal of capital or dissolution in contravention of this Agreement.

-14-

Section 3.06
No Withdrawals from Capital Accounts. No Member shall be entitled to withdraw any part of its Capital Account or to receive
any distribution from the Company, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. No Member shall receive any interest, salary, management,
or service fees, or drawing with respect to its Capital Contributions or its Capital Account, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement
or any JV Agreement. The Capital Accounts are maintained for the sole purpose of allocating items of income, gain, loss, and deduction
among the Members and shall have no effect on the amount of any distributions to any Members, in liquidation or otherwise.

Section 3.07
Loans From Members. Loans by any Member to the Company shall not be considered Capital Contributions and shall not affect
the maintenance of such Member's Capital Account, other than to the extent provided in Section 3.03(a)(iii), if applicable.

Section 3.08
Modifications. The foregoing provisions and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts
are intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b) and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent
with such Treasury Regulations. If the Board determines that it is prudent to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts, or any
increases or decreases to the Capital Accounts, are computed in order to comply with such Treasury Regulations, the Board may authorize
such modifications.

ARTICLE IV 

MEMBERS

Section 4.01 Admission
of New Members.

(a) A
new Member may be admitted from time to time in connection with a Transfer of a Membership Interest in accordance with this Agreement,
subject to compliance with the provisions of ARTICLE IX, and following compliance with the provisions of Section 4.01(b).

(b) In
order for any Person not already a Member of the Company to be admitted as a Member, such Person shall have executed and delivered to
the Company a written undertaking substantially in the form of the Joinder Agreement. Upon the amendment of Schedule A hereto
and the satisfaction of any applicable conditions as may reasonably be deemed necessary by the Board to effect such admission, such Person
shall be admitted as a Member and deemed listed as such on the books and records of the Company. The Board shall also adjust the Capital
Accounts of the Members as necessary in accordance with Section 3.03 or Section 3.04.

(c) Any
Member that proposes to Transfer its Membership Interest shall (i) be responsible for the payment of expenses incurred by it in
connection with such Transfer, whether or not consummated, and (ii) except in connection with a Transfer pursuant to Section 3.02(d),
or Section 9.03, reimburse the Company and the other Member for all reasonable expenses (including reasonable attorneys'
fees and expenses) incurred by or on behalf of the Company or such other Member in connection with such proposed Transfer, whether or
not consummated.

-15-

Section 4.02
Representations and Warranties of Members. By execution and delivery of this Agreement or a Joinder Agreement, as applicable,
each of the Members, whether admitted as of the date hereof or pursuant to Section 4.01, represents and warrants to the Company
and acknowledges that:

(a) The
Membership Interest has not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, are issued in reliance
upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering, and cannot be disposed of unless (i) it is subsequently
registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act and (ii) the provisions of this Agreement have been complied with;

(b) Such
Member (i) is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 promulgated under the Securities Act and (ii) agrees
to furnish any additional information requested by the Company to assure compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state securities
laws in connection with the purchase and sale of the Membership Interest;

(c) Such
Member's Membership Interest is being acquired for such Member's own account solely for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution
thereof;

(d) Such
Member has a preexisting personal or business relationship with the Company or one or more of its officers, directors or controlling persons
or by reason of the undersigneds business or financial experience, or by reason of the business or financial experience of the
undersigneds financial advisor who is unaffiliated with and who is not compensated, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any
affiliate or selling agent of the Company, the undersigned is capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in the Membership
Interest and of protecting the undersigneds own interests in connection with such investment;

(e) Such
Member acknowledges that neither the Company nor any other person offered to sell the Membership Interest to it by means of any form of
general solicitation or advertising, including but not limited to: (A) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication
published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or (B) any seminar or meeting whose attendees
were invited by any general solicitation or general advertising;

(f) Such
Member has been advised to obtain independent counsel to advise them individually in connection with the drafting, preparation, negotiation,
and/or review of this Agreement and, if applicable, the Joinder Agreement. Such Member has conducted their own independent review and
analysis of the business, operations, assets, liabilities, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the Company and
such Member acknowledges having been provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, premises, and records of the Company for such
purpose;

(g) The
determination of such Member to acquire Membership Interest has been made by such Member independent of any other Member and
independent of any statements or opinions as to the advisability of such purchase or as to the business, operations, assets,
liabilities, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the Company that may have been made or given by any other
Member or the Company or by any of their Affiliates or Representatives;

-16-

(h) Such
Member has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Company and making an informed decision with respect thereto;

(i) Such
Member is able to bear the economic and financial risk of an investment in the Company for an indefinite period of time;

(j) Such
Member is a resident of the state or other jurisdiction set forth in the notice provision of Section 13.03 and is not acquiring
the Membership Interest as a nominee or agent or otherwise for any other person;

(k) The
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement or the Joinder Agreement by such Member (i) if it is an entity, have
been duly authorized by all requisite entity action on the part of such Member and do not require such Member to obtain any consent
or approval that has not been duly obtained; and (ii) do not contravene in any material respect or result in a default under
(A) any provision of any law or regulation applicable to such Member; (B) if such Member is an entity, its governing
documents; or (C) any agreement or instrument to which such Member is a party or by which such Member is bound; and

(l) This
Agreement is valid, binding, and enforceable against such Member in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights or
general equity principles (regardless of whether considered at law or in equity).

Section 4.03
No Personal Liability. Except as otherwise provided in the Delaware Act, by Applicable Law, or expressly in this Agreement,
no Member will be obligated personally for any debt, obligation, or liability of the Company or another Member, whether arising in contract,
tort, or otherwise, solely by reason of being a Member.

Section 4.04
No Withdrawal. So long as a Member continues to hold any Membership Interest, such Member shall not have the ability to withdraw
or resign as a Member prior to the dissolution and winding up of the Company and any such withdrawal or resignation or attempted withdrawal
or resignation by a Member prior to the dissolution or winding up of the Company shall be null and void. As soon as any Person who is
a Member ceases to hold any Membership Interests, such Person shall no longer be a Member. A Member shall not cease to be a Member as
a result of its Bankruptcy or any other events specified in Section 18-304 of the Delaware Act.

Section 4.05
No Interest in Company Property. No real or personal property of the Company shall be deemed to be owned by any Member
individually, but shall be owned by, and title shall be vested solely in, the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, each Member
hereby irrevocably waives during the term of the Company any right that such Member may have to maintain any action for partition
with respect to the property of the Company.

-17-

Section 4.06 Certification of
Membership Interests.

(a) Upon
request of a Member, the Board shall issue a certificate to such Member representing its Membership Interest.

(b) If
the Board issues certificates representing Membership Interests, then in addition to any other legend required by Applicable Law, all
certificates representing issued and outstanding Membership Interests shall bear a legend substantially in the following form:

THE MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT AMONG THE COMPANY AND ITS MEMBERS, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE
AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE COMPANY. NO TRANSFER, SALE, ASSIGNMENT, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION, OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THE MEMBERSHIP
INTERESTS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE MADE EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SUCH LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
AGREEMENT.

THE MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER ANY OTHER APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO
(A) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT EFFECTIVE UNDER SUCH ACT AND LAWS OR (B) AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION
THEREUNDER.

ARTICLE V

ALLOCATIONS

Section 5.01
Allocation of Net Income and Net Loss. For each Fiscal Year (or portion thereof), after giving effect to the special allocations
set forth in Section 5.02, Net Income and Net Loss of the Company shall be allocated among the Members pro rata in accordance with
their Membership Interests.

Section 5.02
Regulatory and Special Allocations. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.01:

(a) If
there is a net decrease in Company Minimum Gain (determined according to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(d)(1)) during any
Fiscal Year, each Member shall be specially allocated Net Income for such Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Fiscal Years) in
an amount equal to such Member's share of the net decrease in Company Minimum Gain, determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-2(g). The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Sections
1.704-2(f)(6) and 1.704-2(j)(2). This Section 5.02 is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback
requirement in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

-18-

(b) Member
Nonrecourse Deductions shall be allocated in the manner required by Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i). Except as otherwise
provided in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4), if there is a net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during
any Fiscal Year, each Member that has a share of such Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain shall be specially allocated Net Income for
such Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Fiscal Years) in an amount equal to that Member's share of the net decrease in Member
Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain. Items to be allocated pursuant to this paragraph shall be determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations
Sections 1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2). This Section 5.02(b) is intended to comply with the minimum gain
chargeback requirements in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.

(c) Nonrecourse
Deductions shall be allocated to the Members in accordance with their Membership Interests.

(d) In
the event any Member unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations, or distributions described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-
1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5), or (6), Net Income shall be specially allocated to such Member in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate
the Adjusted Capital Account Deficit created by such adjustments, allocations, or distributions as quickly as possible. This Section 5.02(d) is
intended to comply with the qualified income offset requirement in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall
be interpreted consistently therewith.

(e) The
allocations set forth in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) above (the Regulatory Allocations) are intended
to comply with certain requirements of the Treasury Regulations under Code Section 704. Notwithstanding any other provisions of
this ARTICLE V (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the Regulatory Allocations shall be taken into account in allocating
Net Income and Net Losses among Members so that, to the extent possible, the net amount of such allocations of Net Income and Net Losses
and other items and the Regulatory Allocations to each Member shall be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated to such
Member if the Regulatory Allocations had not occurred.

Section 5.03 Tax Allocations.

(a) Subject
to Section 5.03(b), Section 5.03(c), and Section 5.03(d), all income, gains, losses, and deductions
of the Company shall be allocated, for federal, state, and local income tax purposes, among the Members in accordance with the allocation
of such income, gains, losses, and deductions pursuant to Section 5.01 and Section 5.02, except that if any such
allocation for tax purposes is not permitted by the Code or other Applicable Law, the Company's subsequent income, gains, losses, and
deductions shall be allocated among the Members for tax purposes, to the extent permitted by the Code and other Applicable
Law, so as to reflect as nearly as possible the allocation set forth in Section 5.01 and Section 5.02.

-19-

(b) Items
of Company taxable income, gain, loss, and deduction with respect to any property contributed to the capital of the Company shall be allocated
among the Members in accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the traditional method with curative allocations of Treasury Regulations
Section 1.704-3(c), so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Company for federal
income tax purposes and its Book Value.

(c) If
the Book Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) as provided in
clause (c) of the definition of Book Value in Section 1.01, subsequent allocations of items of taxable income, gain,
loss, and deduction with respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for federal
income tax purposes and its Book Value in the same manner as under Code Section 704(c).

(d) Allocations
of tax credit, tax credit recapture, and any items related thereto shall be allocated to the Members according to their interests in such
items as determined by the Board, taking into account the principles of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704- 1(b)(4)(ii).

(e) Allocations
pursuant to this Section 5.03 are solely for purposes of federal, state, and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any
way be taken into account in computing, any Member's Capital Account or share of Net Income, Net Losses, distributions, or other items
pursuant to any provisions of this Agreement.

Section 5.04
Allocations in Respect of Transferred Membership Interests. In the event of a Transfer of a Membership Interest during any
Fiscal Year made in compliance with the provisions of ARTICLE IX, Net Income, Net Losses, and other items of income, gain,
loss, and deduction of the Company attributable to such Membership Interest for such Fiscal Year shall be determined using the interim
closing of the books method.

ARTICLE VI

DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 6.01 General.

(a) Any
available cash of the Company, after allowance for payment of all Company obligations then due and payable, including debt service and
operating expenses, and such other reasonable reserves as the Board may determine, shall be distributed to the Members, on at least a
quarterly basis (unless the Board and Members unanimously agree otherwise), pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests.

-20-

(b) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary:

(i) If
a Non-Contributing Member has an outstanding Default Loan due to another Member, any amount that otherwise would be distributed to such
Non- Contributing Member pursuant to Section 6.01 or ARTICLE XII shall not be paid to such Non-Contributing Member
but shall be deemed distributed to such Non- Contributing Member and paid on behalf of such Non-Contributing Member to the other Member
that funded such Default Loan in accordance with Section 3.02(b).

(ii) If
a Non-Contributing Member has an unpaid Additional Capital Contribution that has not been funded pursuant to a Default Loan, any amount
that otherwise would be distributed to such Member pursuant to Section 6.01 or ARTICLE XII (up to the amount
of such unpaid Additional Capital Contribution, together with interest accrued thereon in accordance with Section 3.02(c))
shall not be paid to such Member but shall be deemed distributed to such Member and repaid to the Company (which payment shall first
be applied to pay any accrued interest on such Additional Capital Contribution and thereafter to reduce the amount of the unpaid Additional
Capital Contribution).

(c) Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not make any distribution to the Members if such distribution
would violate Section 18-607 of the Delaware Act or other Applicable Law or if such distribution is prohibited by the Company's then-applicable
debt financing agreements.

Section 6.02 Tax
Withholding; Withholding Advances.

(a) Each
Member agrees to furnish the Company with any representations and forms as shall be reasonably requested by the Board to assist the Company
in determining the extent of, and in fulfilling, any withholding obligations it may have under Applicable Law.

(b) The
Company is hereby authorized at all times to make payments (Withholding Advances) with respect to each Member in
amounts required to discharge any obligation of the Company (as determined by the Board based on the advice of legal or tax counsel to
the Company) to withhold or make payments to any federal, state, local, or foreign taxing authority (a Taxing Authority)
with respect to any distribution or allocation by the Company of income or gain to such Member and to withhold the same from distributions
to such Member. Any funds withheld from a distribution by reason of this Section 6.02(b) shall nonetheless be deemed
distributed to the Member in question for all purposes under this Agreement.

(c) Any
Withholding Advance made by the Company to a Taxing Authority on behalf of a Member and not simultaneously withheld from a distribution
to that Member shall, with interest thereon accruing from the date of payment at a rate equal to the prime rate published in the Wall
Street Journal on the date of payment plus two percent (2.0%) per annum (the Company Interest Rate):

(i) be
promptly repaid to the Company by the Member on whose behalf the Withholding Advance was made (which repayment by the Member shall
not constitute a Capital Contribution, but shall credit the Member's Capital Account if the Board shall have initially charged the
amount of the Withholding Advance to the Capital Account); or

-21-

(ii) with
the consent of the Board (not including, for purposes of such vote any Managers designated by the Member on whose behalf the Withholding
Advance has been made), be repaid by reducing the amount of the next succeeding distribution or distributions to be made to such Member
(which reduction amount shall be deemed to have been distributed to the Member, but which shall not further reduce the Member's Capital
Account if the Board shall have initially charged the amount of the Withholding Advance to the Capital Account).

Interest shall cease
to accrue from the time the Member on whose behalf the Withholding Advance was made repays such Withholding Advance (and all accrued interest)
by either method of repayment described above.

(d) Each
Member hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the other Members from and against any liability with respect to
taxes, interest, or penalties that may be asserted by reason of the Company's failure to deduct and withhold tax on amounts distributable
or allocable to such Member. The Company may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Member under this Section 6.02,
including bringing a lawsuit to collect repayment with interest of any Withholding Advances.

(e) Neither
the Company nor any Manager shall be liable for any excess taxes withheld in respect of any distribution or allocation of income or gain
to a Member. In the event of an excess withholding, a Member's sole recourse shall be to apply for a refund from the appropriate Taxing
Authority.

(f) The
provisions of this Section 6.02 and the obligations of a Member pursuant to Section 6.02 shall survive the termination,
dissolution, liquidation, and winding up of the Company and the withdrawal of such Member from the Company or Transfer of its Membership
Interest.

Section 6.03
Distributions in Kind. No Member has the right to demand or receive property other than cash in payment for its share of any
distribution made in accordance with this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 12.03(d), non-cash distributions are not
permitted without the unanimous consent of the Members (other than a Defaulting Member).

-22-

ARTICLE VII

MANAGEMENT

Section 7.01
Establishment of the Board. A board of managers of the Company (the Board) is hereby established and
shall be comprised of natural Persons (each such Person, a Manager) who shall be designated in accordance with
the provisions of Section 7.02 and constitute the managers (as that term is defined the Delaware Act) of the
Company. The business and affairs of the Company shall be managed, operated, and controlled by or under the direction of the Board,
and the Board shall have, and is hereby granted, the full, complete, and exclusive power, authority, and discretion for, on behalf
of, and in the name of the Company, to take such actions as it may in its sole discretion deem necessary or advisable to carry out
any and all of the objectives and purposes of the Company, subject only to the terms of this Agreement. No Manager, acting in such
Manager's capacity as such, shall have any authority to bind the Company with respect to any matter except pursuant to a resolution
authorizing such action that is duly adopted by the Board by the affirmative vote required with respect to such matter pursuant to
this Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein or by Applicable Law, no Member, in its capacity as a Member, shall have any
power or authority over the business and affairs of the Company or any power or authority to act for or on behalf of, or to bind,
the Company.

Section 7.02 Board
Composition.

(a) The
Company and the Members shall take such actions as may be required to ensure that the number of Managers constituting the Board is at
all times two (2) Managers. The Board shall be comprised as follows:

(i) one
(1) individual designated by SharonAI (the Class A Manager), who shall initially be Wolfgang Schubert;
and

(ii) one
(1) individual designated by NEHC (the Class B Manager), who shall initially be E. Will Gray.

(b) At
all times, the composition of any board of directors, board of managers, or similar governing body of any Subsidiary of the Company shall
be the same as that of the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the quorum, removal rights, meeting procedures, and voting
requirements set forth in this ARTICLE VII with respect to the Board shall apply mutatis mutandis to Subsidiaries
of the Company and the boards of directors, boards of managers, or similar governing bodies of such Subsidiaries.

Section 7.03 Removal;
Resignation; Vacancies.

(a) Each
Member may remove any Manager designated by it pursuant to Section 7.02(a) at any time with or without cause, effective
upon written notice to the other Member and the Chairperson. No Manager may be removed except in accordance with this Section 7.03(a).

(b) A
Manager may resign at any time from the Board by delivering such Manager's written resignation to the Chairperson. Any such resignation
shall be effective upon receipt thereof unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the occurrence of some other
event. The Board's or Company's acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

(c) Any
vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation, removal, death, or disability of a Manager shall be filled by the same Member that
designated such Manager pursuant to Section 7.02(a), with such appointment to become effective immediately upon delivery
of such written notice of such appointment to the other Member and the Chairperson.

-23-

(d) The
Board shall maintain a schedule of all Managers with their respective mailing addresses (the Managers Schedule),
and shall update the Managers Schedule upon the designation, removal, or replacement of any Manager in accordance with Section 7.02
or this Section 7.03.

(e) Each
party hereto shall take all necessary action to carry out fully the provisions of Section 7.02 and the foregoing provisions
of this Section 7.03 to ensure that the Board and the board of directors or other governing body of any Subsidiary of the
Company consists of the Managers that are duly designated in accordance with such sections.

Section 7.04 Meetings.

(a) Regular
meetings of the Board shall, unless otherwise agreed by the Board, be held on at least a quarterly basis on such dates and at such times
as shall be determined by the Board. Special meetings of the Board may be called at any time at the written request of any Manager who
makes such request in good faith. Meetings of the Board may be held either in person at the executive office of the Company or by telephone
or video conference or other communication device that permits all Managers participating in the meeting to hear each other.

(b) The
Chairperson shall provide written notice of each regular meeting of the Board stating the place, date, and time of the meeting and a proposed
agenda of the business to be transacted thereat, together with any relevant supporting material sufficient to inform the Managers of such
business, to each Manager by electronic mail no less than fifteen (15) days before the date of such meeting; provided, however,
that the business to be transacted at any regular meeting shall not be limited to the matters set forth on any agenda circulated prior
to the meeting. Each Manager shall, not later than five (5) days following such Manager's receipt of such proposed agenda, provide
the Chairperson with notice of any additional agenda items that such Manager desires to be considered at the meeting, together with any
relevant supporting material sufficient to inform the other Managers of such additional matters. If any additional agenda items are provided
to the Chairperson, the Chairperson shall circulate an updated agenda incorporating such additional items to all Managers, together with
any relevant supporting material provided to the Chairperson, not later than five (5) days prior to such regular meeting.

(c) A
Manager calling a special meeting shall provide written notice of the special meeting of the Board stating the place, date, and time
of the meeting and a proposed agenda of the business to be transacted thereat, together with any relevant supporting material
sufficient to inform the Managers of such business, to each Manager by electronic mail or facsimile no less than ten (10) days
before the date of such meeting; provided that, in the case of a special meeting, the Chairperson or the Manager requesting
the meeting may reduce the advance notice period to not less than five (5) days if the Chairperson or Manager determines,
acting reasonably and in good faith, that it is necessary and in the best interests of the Company for the Board to take action
within a time period of less than ten (10) days. Each Manager shall, not later than three (3) days following such
Manager's receipt of such proposed agenda, provide the Chairperson with notice of any additional agenda items such Manager desires
to be considered at such meeting, together with any relevant supporting material sufficient to inform the other Managers of such
additional matters. If any additional agenda items are provided to the Chairperson, the Chairperson shall circulate an updated
agenda incorporating any such additional items to all Managers, together with any relevant supporting material provided to the
Chairperson, not later than one (1) day before the date of such special meeting. The business to be transacted at any special
meeting shall, unless otherwise agreed unanimously by the Managers present at such meeting, be limited to the matters set forth on
the agenda last circulated prior to the meeting.

-24-

(d) Notice
of any meeting may be waived in writing by any Manager. Presence at a meeting shall constitute waiver of any deficiency of notice under
Section 7.04(b) or Section 7.04(c), except when a Manager attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting,
at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not called or convened in accordance with
this Agreement and does not otherwise attend the meeting.

(e) The
decisions and resolutions of the Board shall be recorded in minutes prepared by the Chairperson (or such other Person as may be designated
by the Board from time to time), which shall state the date, time, and place of the meeting (or the date of any written consent in lieu
of a meeting), the Managers present at the meeting, the resolutions put to a vote (or the subject of a written consent), and the results
of such voting or written consent. The Chairperson (or such other Person as may be designated by the Board) shall circulate a draft of
the minutes of each meeting to the Managers within ten (10) Business Days following the date of such meeting. The minutes shall be
entered in a minute book kept at the principal office of the Company.

Section 7.05 Quorum; Manner
of Acting.

(a) The
presence of both (i) the Class A Manager and (ii) the Class B Manager shall constitute a quorum; provided, however,
that if and for so long as a Member is a Defaulting Member, the presence of such Member's Manager shall not be required to achieve
a quorum unless a decision is made at such meeting regarding a Fundamental Matter; provided, further, however, that the presence
of all Managers shall be required at any meeting for the approval of a Fundamental Matter.

(b) Any
Manager may participate in a meeting of the Board by telephone or video conference or other communications device that permits all Managers
participating in the meeting to hear each other, and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at
such meeting. A Manager may vote or be present at a meeting either in person or by proxy in accordance with Section 7.05(d).

(c) Each
Manager shall have one vote on all matters submitted to the Board; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary and without limitation of any other rights or remedies that may be available, if and for so long as one of the
Members (but not both) is a Defaulting Member, all decisions of the Board, except regarding any Fundamental Matter, shall be made
solely by the Manager designated by the Member that is not a Defaulting Member. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the
affirmative vote of at least a majority of the Managers in attendance at any meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present shall
be required to authorize any action by the Board and shall constitute the action of the Board for all purposes; provided that
such vote must include the affirmative vote of the Manager designated by each Member that is not a Defaulting Member; provided,
further, that any approval or decision with respect to a Fundamental Matter shall require the unanimous agreement of all
Managers.

-25-

(d) Each
Manager may authorize another individual (who may or may not be a Manager) to act for such Manager by proxy at any meeting of the Board,
or to express consent or dissent to a Company action in writing without a meeting. Any such proxy may be granted in writing, by Electronic
Transmission or as otherwise permitted by Applicable Law.

Section 7.06
Action By Written Consent. Any action of the Board may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the
action to be taken, is signed unanimously by all the Managers. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a vote at a meeting
where a quorum was present and may be stated as such in any document or instrument filed with the Secretary of State.

Section 7.07 Compensation; No
Employment.

(a) Each
Manager shall serve without compensation in their capacity as such. Each Manager shall be entitled to reimbursement from the Company for
such Manager's reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of their duties as a Manager, pursuant to such
policies as may from time to time be established by the Board.

(b) This
Agreement does not, and is not intended to, confer upon any Manager any rights with respect to employment by the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company, and nothing herein shall be construed to have created any employment agreement or relationship with any Manager.

Section 7.08
Chairperson of the Board. One Manager shall be designated in accordance with this Section 7.08 to serve as chairperson
of the Board (Chairperson). The Chairperson shall preside at all meetings of the Board at which such Chairperson
is present, subject to the ultimate authority of the Board to appoint an alternate presiding chairperson (who shall, unless otherwise
determined by unanimous agreement of the Managers, be a Manager designated by the same Member as the then serving Chairperson) at any
meeting. During the first twelve-month period following the date hereof, the Chairperson shall be a Class A Manager designated by
SharonAI. During the second twelve-month period following the date hereof, the Chairperson shall be a Class B Manager designated
by NEHC. Thereafter, the Chairperson shall rotate in successive twelve-month periods between a Class A Manager and a Class B
Manager, in each case designated by the Member that designated such Manager. A Manager shall not be considered to be an officer of the
Company by virtue of holding the position of Chairperson and, except as expressly provided herein, shall not have any rights or powers
different from any other Manager other than with respect to any procedural matters to the extent delegated by unanimous agreement of
the Managers or as expressly set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that any procedural rights or powers granted to the
Chairperson shall not be in derogation of any rights or powers granted by this Agreement to any Manager. The Chairperson may not cut
off debate on any matter being considered by the Board and shall, at the request of a Manager, call for a vote on any item under consideration
by the Board.

-26-

Section 7.09
Officers. The Board may appoint individuals as officers of the Company (the Officers) as it deems necessary
or desirable to carry on the business of the Company and the Board may delegate to such Officers such powers and authorities as the Board
deems advisable. No Officer need be a Member or Manager. Any individual may hold two or more offices of the Company. Each Officer shall
hold office until such Officer's successor is appointed by the Board or until such Officer's earlier death, resignation, or removal. Any
Officer may resign at any time on written notice to the Board. Any Officer may be removed by the Board with or without cause at any time.
A vacancy in any office occurring because of death, resignation, removal, or otherwise, may, but need not, be filled by the Board.

Section 7.10
No Personal Liability. Except as otherwise provided in the Delaware Act or by Applicable Law, no Manager or Officer will be
obligated personally for any debt, obligation, or liability of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort, or otherwise, solely by
reason of being a Manager or Officer.

Section 7.11 Budget.

(a) The
initial business plan and annual budget for the Company through the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2025 (collectively, the Initial
Budget), which have previously been approved by the Initial Members, are attached hereto as Schedule B. The Board shall
operate or cause to be operated the Company in accordance with the Initial Budget, as it may thereafter be amended, modified, or replaced
in accordance with Section 7.11(b) (as so amended, modified, or replaced and in effect from time to time, the Budget).

(b) At
least sixty (60) days before the beginning of each Fiscal Year (commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2026), the Officers
shall prepare and submit to the Board proposed revisions to the Budget for such upcoming Fiscal Year. The Company shall operate in accordance
with the then approved Budget until a revised Budget is approved by the Board.

Section 7.12
Other Activities. Except as provided in Section 10.02, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent any Member
or Manager or any of their Affiliates from engaging in any other activities or businesses, regardless of whether those activities or
businesses are similar to or competitive with the Business; provided that such Member or Manager or Affiliate does not engage
in such activity or business as a result of or using Confidential Information. None of the Members or Managers or any of their Affiliates
shall be obligated to account to the Company or to the Members for any profits or income earned or derived from such other activities
or businesses. None of the Members or Managers or any of their Affiliates shall be obligated to inform the Company or any Member of any
business opportunity of any type or description.

-27-

Section 7.13
Claims Under JV Agreements. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of a breach or alleged breach by
a Member or its Affiliate of an obligation owed by such Member or Affiliate to the Company under any JV Agreement, the other Member,
so long as it is not a Defaulting Member (the Asserting Member), shall be entitled, at the sole and reasonable cost
and expense of the Company, to assert a claim (or otherwise enforce any other available actions or remedies), either in such Asserting
Member's own name or on behalf of the Company, in respect of such breach or alleged breach. The Company shall cooperate and comply with
any reasonable instructions provided by the Asserting Member in connection with any of the foregoing actions. If a claim or other action
taken by or on behalf of a Company by or at the direction of an Asserting Member under this Section 7.13 is unsuccessful,
the Asserting Member shall promptly reimburse the Company and the other Member for any expenses incurred or advanced by them in connection
with such claim.

ARTICLE VIII 

EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION

Section 8.01 Exculpation
of Covered Persons.

(a) As
used herein, the term Covered Person shall mean each (i) Member; (ii) officer, director, shareholder,
partner, member, Affiliate, employee, agent, or representative of each Member, and each of their controlling Affiliates;
(iii) Manager, Officer, employee, agent, or representative of the Company; and (iv) Tax Matters Representative.

(b) No
Covered Person shall be liable to the Company or any Member for any loss, damage, or claim incurred by reason of any action taken or omitted
to be taken by such Covered Person in their capacity as a Covered Person, whether or not such Person continues to be a Covered Person
at the time such loss, damage, or claim is incurred or imposed, so long as such action or omission does not constitute fraud, gross negligence,
willful misconduct, or a material breach or knowing violation by such Covered Person of any of such Covered Person's or such Covered Person's
Affiliates' agreements contained herein or in any JV Agreements.

(c) A
Covered Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Company and upon such information, opinions,
reports, or statements (including financial statements and information, opinions, reports, or statements as to the value or amount of
the assets, liabilities, Net Income, or Net Losses of the Company, or any facts pertinent to the existence and amount of assets from which
distributions might properly be paid) of the following Persons or groups: (i) a Manager; (ii) one or more Officers or employees
of the Company; (iii) any attorney, independent accountant, appraiser, or other expert or professional employed or engaged by or
on behalf of the Company; or (iv) any other Person selected in good faith by or on behalf of the Company, in each case as to matters
that such relying Person reasonably believes to be within such other Person's professional or expert competence. The preceding sentence
shall in no way limit any Person's right to rely on information to the extent provided in Section 18-406 of the Delaware Act.

-28-

Section 8.02 Liabilities
and Duties of Covered Persons.

(a) This
Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create or impose any fiduciary duty on any Covered Person. Furthermore, each of the Members
and the Company hereby waives any and all fiduciary duties that, absent such waiver, may be implied by Applicable Law, and in doing so,
acknowledges and agrees that the duties and obligations of each Covered Person to each other and to the Company are only as expressly
set forth in this Agreement and the JV Agreements. The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict the duties and liabilities
of a Covered Person otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Members to replace such other duties and liabilities of
such Covered Person.

(b) Whenever
in this Agreement a Covered Person is permitted or required to make a decision (including a decision that is in such Covered Person's
discretion or under a grant of similar authority or latitude), such Covered Person shall be entitled to consider only such
interests and factors as such Covered Person desires, including such Covered Person's own interests (or, in the case of a Manager, the
interests of the Member that designated such Manager or such Member's Affiliates), and shall have no duty or obligation to give any consideration
to any interest of or factors affecting the Company, the Members, or any other Person. Whenever in this Agreement a Covered Person is
permitted or required to make a decision in such Covered Person's good faith, the Covered Person shall act under such express
standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standard imposed by this Agreement or any other Applicable Law.

Section 8.03 Indemnification.

(a) To
the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Act, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended, substituted, or replaced (but, in
the case of any such amendment, substitution, or replacement, only to the extent that such amendment, substitution, or replacement permits
the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than the Delaware Act permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment,
substitution, or replacement), the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless, defend, pay, and reimburse any Covered Person from and against
any and all losses, claims, damages, judgments, fines, or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees or other expenses incurred in investigating
or defending against such losses, claims, damages, judgments, fines, or liabilities, and any amounts expended in settlement of any claims
(other than in connection with any claims brought by (A) a Member or its Affiliate against another Member or its Affiliate or (B) the
Company) (collectively, Losses) to which such Covered Person may become subject by reason of:

(i) any
act or omission or alleged act or omission performed or omitted to be performed on behalf of the Company in connection with the Business
of the Company; or

-29-

(ii) such
Covered Person being or acting in connection with the Business of the Company as a Member, an Affiliate of a Member, a Manager, or
an Officer, or that such Covered Person is or was serving at the request of the Company as a member, manager, partner, director,
officer, employee, or agent of any other Person;

provided,
that (x) such Covered Person acted in good faith and in a manner believed by such Covered Person to be in, or not opposed to, the
best interests of the Company and within the scope of such Covered Person's authority conferred on such Covered Person by the Company
and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful, and (y) such Covered
Person's conduct did not constitute fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or a material breach or knowing violation by such Covered
Person of any of such Covered Person's or such Covered Person's Affiliates' agreements contained herein or in any JV Agreements, unless
otherwise required by Applicable Law or ordered by a court, (A) at least a majority of the Managers who have not, and whose Affiliates
have not, been named parties to the claim or proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought, acting in good faith, or (B) if
there are no such disinterested Managers, or if such disinterested Managers so direct, by independent counsel in a written opinion. In
connection with the foregoing, the termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon
a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the Covered Person did not act in
good faith or, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such Covered Person's conduct was unlawful,
or that the Covered Person's conduct constituted fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or a material breach or knowing violation
by such Covered Person of any of such Covered Person's or such Covered Person's Affiliates' agreements contained herein or in any JV Agreements.

(b) To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) incurred by a Covered Person
in connection with investigating, preparing to defend, or defending any claim relating to any Losses for which such Covered Person may
be entitled to be indemnified pursuant to Section 8.03(a) shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Company prior
to a final determination that, in respect of such matter, such Covered Person is not entitled to indemnification for such Losses; provided,
however, that the Covered Person shall have provided to the Company (i) written
affirmation of such Covered Person's good faith belief that such Covered Person has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification
for such Losses under Section 8.03(a); and (ii) an undertaking to repay all such advanced amounts if it shall
ultimately be determined that such Covered Person is not entitled to such indemnification.

(c) The
indemnification provided by this Section 8.03 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to indemnification to which
those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any agreement or otherwise. The provisions of this Section 8.03 shall
continue to afford protection to each Covered Person regardless of whether such Covered Person remains in the position or capacity pursuant
to which such Covered Person became entitled to indemnification under this Section 8.03 and shall inure to the benefit of
the executors, administrators, legatees, and distributees of such Covered Person.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this ARTICLE VIII shall (or shall be construed to) (i) relieve any Member
or other Person from any liability or obligation of such Person pursuant to any JV Agreement, or to in any way impair the enforceability
of any provision of any JV Agreement against any party thereto or (ii) require the Company to indemnify, hold harmless, defend,
pay, or reimburse any Covered Person with respect to any Loss to the extent a Member or its Affiliate is required pursuant to the terms
of a JV Agreement to which such Member or Affiliate is a party to indemnify, hold harmless, defend, pay, or reimburse such Covered Person
with respect to such Loss.

-30-

(e) Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, any indemnity by the Company relating to the matters covered in this Section 8.03
shall be provided out of and to the extent of Company assets only, and no Member (unless such Member otherwise agrees in writing)
shall have personal liability on account thereof solely by reason of being a Member or shall be required to make additional Capital
Contributions to help satisfy such indemnity by the Company.

(f) The
Company hereby acknowledges that certain Covered Persons (the Specified Indemnified Persons) may have or be granted
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by a Member or its Affiliate (directly or by insurance provided by such
Person) (collectively, the Member Indemnitors). The Company hereby agrees that it is the indemnitor of first resort
of the Specified Indemnified Persons with respect to matters for which indemnification is provided to them under this Agreement and that
the Company shall be obligated to make all payments due to or for the benefit of a Specified Indemnified Person under this Agreement
without regard to any rights that such Specified Indemnified Person may have against a Member Indemnitor. The Company hereby waives and
releases any and all equitable and other rights or claims to contribution, subrogation, or indemnification from the Member Indemnitors
in respect of any amounts paid to a Specified Indemnified Person hereunder. The Company further agrees that no payment of Losses or expenses
by any Member Indemnitor to or for the benefit of a Specified Indemnified Person shall affect the obligations of the Company hereunder,
and that the Company shall be obligated to repay the Member Indemnitors for all amounts so paid or reimbursed to the extent that the
Company has an obligation to indemnify a Specified Indemnified Person for such Losses or expenses hereunder. The Member Indemnitors are
third-party beneficiaries of and shall have the power and authority to enforce the provisions of this Section 8.03(f).

(g) If
this Section 8.03 or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the
Company shall nevertheless indemnify and hold harmless each Covered Person pursuant to this Section 8.03 to the fullest extent
permitted by any applicable portion of this Section 8.03 that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law.

(h) The
provisions of this Section 8.03 shall be a contract between the Company, on the one hand, and each Covered Person who served
in such capacity at any time while this Section 8.03 is in effect, on the other hand, pursuant to which the Company and each
such Covered Person intend to be legally bound. No amendment, modification, or repeal of this Section 8.03 that adversely
affects the rights of a Covered Person to indemnification for Losses incurred or relating to a state of facts existing prior to such
amendment, modification, or repeal shall apply in such a way as to eliminate or reduce such Covered Person's entitlement to indemnification
for such Losses without the Covered Person's prior written consent.

-31-

Section 8.04 Survival.
The provisions of this ARTICLE VIII shall survive the dissolution, liquidation, winding up, and termination of
the Company.

ARTICLE IX 

TRANSFER

Section 9.01 Restrictions
on Transfer.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 3.02(d) or this ARTICLE IX, no Member (or any Permitted Transferee of such
Member) shall Transfer all or any portion of its Membership Interest without the written consent of the other Member, which consent may
be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other Member. No Transfer of a Membership Interest to a Person not already a Member
of the Company shall be deemed completed until the prospective Transferee is admitted as a Member of the Company in accordance with Section 4.01(b).

(b) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement (including Section 9.02), each Member agrees that it will not Transfer all or any portion
of its Membership Interest, and the Company agrees that it shall not issue any Membership Interests:

(i) except
as permitted under the Securities Act and other applicable federal or state securities or blue sky laws, and then, with respect to a Transfer
of Membership Interests, only upon delivery to the Company of an opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Company
to the effect that such Transfer may be effected without registration under the Securities Act;

(ii) if
such Transfer or issuance would cause the Company to be considered a publicly traded partnership under Code Section 7704(b);

(iii) if
such Transfer or issuance would affect the Company's existence or qualification as a limited liability company under the Delaware Act;

(iv) if
such Transfer or issuance would cause the Company to lose its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes;

(v) if
such Transfer or issuance would cause the Company to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act
of 1940; or

(vi) if
such Transfer or issuance would cause the assets of the Company to be deemed Plan Assets as defined under the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 or its accompanying regulations or result in any prohibited transaction thereunder involving
the Company.

-32-

(c) Any
Transfer or attempted Transfer of any Membership Interest in contravention of this Agreement shall be null and void, no such Transfer
shall be recorded on the Company's books or otherwise recognized by the Company, and the purported Transferee in any such Transfer shall
not be treated as the owner of such Membership Interest for any purposes of this Agreement or have any rights as a Member (and the purported
Transferor shall continue to be treated as the owner of such Membership Interest and as a Member).

(d) For
the avoidance of doubt, any Transfer of a Membership Interest permitted by this Agreement shall be deemed a sale, transfer, assignment,
or other disposal of such Membership Interest in its entirety as intended by the parties to such Transfer, and shall not be deemed a sale,
transfer, assignment, or other disposal of any less than all of the rights and benefits described in the definition of the term Membership
Interest, unless otherwise explicitly agreed to by the parties to such Transfer.

Section 9.02
Permitted Transfers. The provisions of Section 9.01(a) shall not apply to any Transfer by a Member that is
not a Defaulting Member (a Transferring Member) of all of its Membership Interest to an Affiliate of such Transferring
Member that is an entity wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by the ultimate parent of such Transferring Member; provided that (a) such
Transferring Member shall have guaranteed in a writing delivered to the Company and the other Member the performance by the Transferee
of all of such Transferring Member's obligations under this Agreement and all of its and its Affiliates' obligations under any JV Agreement
to which such Transferring Member or its Affiliate is a party or otherwise bound; and (b) if at any time such Transferee ceases
to be an Affiliate of such Transferring Member that is wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by the ultimate parent of such Transferring
Member, the Company, such Transferring Member, and such Transferee shall take such action as is necessary to cause there to be an immediate
and unconditional reconveyance of the Membership Interest to either (in the sole discretion of such Transferring Member) such Transferring
Member or any wholly owned Affiliate of such Transferring Member.

Section 9.03 Deadlock.

(a) If
at two (2) successive meetings, the Board is unable to reach a decision by the required vote regarding a Fundamental Matter, the
Chairperson shall promptly refer such matter to the Members, who shall attempt to resolve such matter within the following thirty (30)
day period (or, if mutually agreed by the Members, a longer period of time). Any resolution on such matter agreed to by the Members shall
be final and binding on the Company and the Members. If the Members are unable to resolve such matter within such period, then a Deadlock
shall be in effect and either Member, so long as it is not a Defaulting Member, shall be entitled to exercise the buy-sell right set
forth in this Section 9.03 by delivering a Buy-Sell
Offer Notice in accordance with Section 9.03(b).

-33-

(b) If
a Deadlock is in effect and a Member (other than a Defaulting Member) wishes to exercise the buy-sell right set forth in this Section 9.03,
such Member (the Initiating Member) shall deliver to the other Member (the Responding Member)
an unconditional and irrevocable written notice (the Buy-Sell Offer Notice) of such election, which notice shall
include (i) a description of the Deadlock and (ii) the purchase price (which shall be payable exclusively in cash (unless otherwise
agreed by the Members in their sole discretion)) at which the Initiating Member shall (A) purchase the entire Membership Interest
owned by the Responding Member (the Buy-Out Price) or (B) sell its entire Membership Interest to the Responding
Member (the Sell-Out Price); provided, however, that the Buy-Out Price and Sell-Out Price shall be the same
unless the Members' Percentage Interests are not equal, in which case the difference between the Buy- Out Price and Sell-Out Price shall
be solely to give effect to the Members' proportionate ownership of the Company (based on their Percentage Interests), without giving
effect to any minority or other discount or premium based on differences in such interests; provided, further, however, that the
Buy-Sell Purchase Price paid at closing shall be subject to adjustment, if applicable, in accordance with Section 9.03(e).

(c) Within
thirty (30) days after the Buy-Sell Offer Notice is received (the Buy-Sell Election Date), the Responding Member
shall deliver to the Initiating Member an unconditional and irrevocable written notice (the Response Notice) stating
whether it elects to (i) sell its entire Membership Interest to the Initiating Member for the Buy-Out Price or (ii) buy the
entire Membership Interest owned by the Initiating Member for the Sell-Out Price. The failure of the Responding Member to deliver the
Response Notice by the Buy-Sell Election Date shall be deemed to be an unconditional and irrevocable election to sell its entire Membership
Interest to the Initiating Member at the Buy-Out Price.

(d) The
Member selling its Membership Interest pursuant to this Section 9.03 (the Buy-Sell Selling Member) shall,
at the closing of such sale (Buy-Sell Closing), represent and warrant to the Member purchasing the Buy-Sell Selling
Member's Membership Interest (the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member) that (i) the Buy-Sell Selling Member has full
right, title, and interest in and to such Membership Interest, (ii) the Buy- Sell Selling Member has all necessary power and authority
and has taken all necessary action to sell such Membership Interest as contemplated by this Section 9.03, and (iii) such
Membership Interest is free and clear of any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, security interest, claim, or other encumbrance (Encumbrance),
other than those arising as a result of or under the terms of this Agreement and other than restrictions arising under Applicable Law
(including applicable securities laws).

(e) The
Buy-Sell Closing shall take place thirty (30) days after the Response Notice is delivered or deemed to have been delivered or on any other
date as may be mutually agreed on by the Members. The Buy-Sell Purchasing Member shall pay the Buy- Out Price or the Sell-Out Price, as
the case may be (the Buy-Sell Purchase Price), at the Buy-Sell Closing by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account designated in writing by the Buy-Sell Selling Member; provided that (i) if the Buy-Sell Selling Member
is a Non-Contributing Member, the Buy-Sell Purchase Price shall be decreased by the amount of any unpaid Additional Capital Contribution
or Default Loan, including any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, owed by the Buy-Sell Selling Member; and (ii) if the Buy-Sell
Selling Member has funded any Default Loan that remains outstanding, it shall be paid in full by the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member, including
any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, at (and as a condition to the closing of) the Buy-Sell Closing.

-34-

(f) At
the Buy-Sell Closing, the Buy-Sell Selling Member shall deliver to the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member (i) any certificate representing
the Membership Interest to be sold, accompanied by an assignment of the certificate to the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member or its assignee
pursuant to Section 9.03(i); (ii) the resignation of each of the Managers the Buy-Sell Selling Member designated to
the Board; and (iii) a certificate meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1446(f)-2(b)(2) and Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1445-2(b)(2) to the effect that the Buy-Sell Selling Member is not a foreign person within the meaning
of Code Section 1446(f) or Code Section 1445; and (iv) any other deliveries as may be reasonably requested by the
Buy-Sell Purchasing Member.

(g) Without
limitation of the other provisions of this Section 9.03, each Member agrees to cooperate and take all actions and execute
all documents reasonably necessary or appropriate to reflect the purchase of the Buy-Sell Selling Member's Membership Interest by the
Buy-Sell Purchasing Member pursuant to this Section 9.03.

(h) If
the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member defaults in any of its material closing obligations, then the Buy-Sell Selling Member shall, in addition
to any other remedies that may be available to it, have the option to purchase the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member's entire Membership Interest
at a purchase price that is equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Buy-Sell Purchase Price, as adjusted proportionately solely to
reflect any difference in the Members' Percentage Interests, without giving effect to any minority or other discount or premium based
on differences in such interests. If the Buy-Sell Selling Member defaults in its obligation to sell its Membership Interest in accordance
with this Section 9.03, the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member shall have the right, in addition to any other remedies that may be
available to it, to specific performance of the Buy-Sell Selling Member's obligations under this Section 9.03 and the Members
expressly agree that the remedy at law of damages for such breach of the Buy-Sell Selling Member's obligations set forth in this Section 9.03
is inadequate in view of the (i) complexities and uncertainties in measuring the actual damage to be sustained by the Buy-Sell
Purchasing Member on account of the default by the Buy-Sell Selling Member and (ii) uniqueness of the Business and relationships
of the Members.

(i) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, each Member agrees that, to preserve the character of the Company and consummate the purchase of
the Buy-Sell Selling Member's entire Membership Interest, the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member may assign its purchase obligation under
this Section 9.03 in whole or in part to any Affiliate who, upon the Buy-Sell Closing, shall become a Member, and that
such purchase obligation shall be assignable by the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member without the consent of the Buy-Sell Selling Member; provided that
the Buy-Sell Purchasing Member (i) delivers notice to the Buy-Sell Selling Member of such assignment and of the identity of the
assignee prior to the Buy-Sell Closing and (ii) shall be responsible for any failure of such assignee to perform its
obligations under this Section 9.03 with respect to such assigned purchase obligation.

(j) During
the continuation of any Deadlock and prior to any Buy-Sell Closing, the Company shall continue to operate in a manner consistent with
its prior practices and this Agreement.

-35-

ARTICLE X

COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS OF THE MEMBERS

Section 10.01 Confidentiality.

(a) Each
Member acknowledges that it may have access to and become acquainted with trade secrets, proprietary information, and confidential information
belonging to the Company that are not generally known to the public, including information concerning business plans, financial statements,
and other information provided pursuant to this Agreement, operating practices and methods, expansion plans, strategic plans, marketing
plans, contracts, customer lists, or other business documents that the Company treats as confidential, in any format whatsoever (including
oral, written, electronic, or any other form or medium) (collectively, Confidential Information). In addition, each
Member acknowledges that: (i) the Company has invested, and continues to invest, substantial time, expense, and specialized knowledge
in developing its Confidential Information; (ii) the Confidential Information provides the Company with a competitive advantage over
others in the marketplace; and (iii) the Company would be irreparably harmed if the Confidential Information were disclosed to competitors
or made available to the public. Without limiting the applicability of any other agreement to which any Member is subject, no Member shall,
directly or indirectly, disclose or use (other than in connection with the conduct of the Company's business or the monitoring of its
investment in the Company), including use for personal, commercial, or proprietary advantage or profit, either during its association
with the Company or thereafter, any Confidential Information of which such Member is or becomes aware. Each Member in possession of Confidential
Information shall take all appropriate steps to safeguard such information and to protect it against disclosure, misuse, espionage, loss,
and theft.

(b) Nothing
contained in Section 10.01(a) shall prevent any Member from disclosing Confidential Information: (i) upon the order
of any court or administrative agency; (ii) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such
Member; (iii) to the extent compelled by legal process or required or requested pursuant to subpoena, interrogatories, or other
discovery requests; (iv) to the extent necessary to assert any right or defend any claim arising under this Agreement or any JV
Agreement; (v) to the other Member or its Affiliates; or (vi) to such Member's Affiliates or Representatives who, in the reasonable
judgment of such Member, need to know such Confidential Information and agree to be bound by the provisions of this Section 10.01
as if a Member; provided, that in the case of clause (i), (ii), or (iii), such Member shall notify the Company and the other Member
of the proposed disclosure as far in advance of such disclosure as practicable (but in no event make any such disclosure before notifying
the Company and the other Member) and use reasonable efforts to ensure that any Confidential Information so disclosed is accorded confidential
treatment satisfactory to the Company and the other Member, when and if available.

(c) The
restrictions of Section 10.01 shall not apply to Confidential Information that: (i) is or becomes generally available
to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by such Member or its Affiliate or Representative in breach of this Agreement; (ii) is
or has been independently developed or conceived by such Member or its Affiliate without use of Confidential Information; or (iii) becomes
available to such Member or any of its Affiliates or Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company,
the other Member, or any of their respective Representatives, provided, that such source is not known by the receiving Member
to be bound by a confidentiality agreement regarding the Company.

(d) The
obligations of each Member under this Section 10.01 shall survive (i) the termination, dissolution, liquidation, and
winding up of the Company and (ii) such Member's Transfer of its Membership Interest.

-36-

Section 10.02
Non-Circumvent. Subject to and without limiting Section 10.01 above, it is further agreed that for so long as each of
NEHC and SharonAI remain Members of the Company and for a period of two (2) years after either party shall cease to be a Member
of the Company, NEHC and SharonAI shall not

a. Directly approach the other partys suppliers for a direct supply of equipment, goods, or other materials related to the construction
of SharonAIs data center or NEHCs power plant, as applicable, including ancillary infrastructure.

b. Engage, employ or solicit personnel from the other party.

c. Copy any of each others infrastructure designs regarding the data center or power plant, as applicable, or ancillary infrastructure.

Section 10.03
Related-Party Agreements. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or in any JV Agreement, the Company shall not, directly
or indirectly, enter into, enter into any commitment to enter into, extend, amend in any material respect, waive, supplement, or terminate
(other than pursuant to its terms) any Related-Party Agreement (including any JV Agreement) other than (a) to the extent approved
by unanimous agreement of the Managers or (b) as are reasonably required by the Company on terms that are no less favorable to the
Company than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction entered into with an unaffiliated third party on an arm's-length
basis.

ARTICLE XI

ACCOUNTING; TAX MATTERS

Section 11.01
Financial Statements. The Company shall furnish to each Member the following reports:

(a) As
soon as available, and in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, audited consolidated
balance sheets of the Company as at the end of each such Fiscal Year and audited consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and
Members' equity for such Fiscal Year, in each case setting forth in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year,
accompanied by the certification of independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing selected by the Board,
certifying to the effect that, except as set forth therein, such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP,
applied on a basis consistent with prior years, and fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Company
as of the dates thereof and the results of their operations and changes in their cash flows and Members' equity for the periods
covered thereby.

-37-

(b) As
soon as available, and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each quarterly accounting period in each Fiscal Year
(other than the last fiscal quarter of the Fiscal Year), unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Company as at the end of each such
fiscal quarter and for the current Fiscal Year to date and unaudited consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and Members' equity
for such fiscal quarter and for the current Fiscal Year to date, in each case setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding
periods of the previous fiscal quarter, all in reasonable detail and all prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied (subject
to normal year- end audit adjustments and the absence of notes thereto), and certified by the principal financial or accounting officer
of the Company.

(c) As
soon as available, and in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each monthly accounting period in each fiscal quarter (other
than the last month of the fiscal quarter), unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Company as at the end of each such monthly period
and for the current Fiscal Year to date and unaudited consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and Members' equity for each such
monthly period and for the current Fiscal Year to date, all in reasonable detail and all prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently
applied (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of notes thereto).

Section 11.02
Inspection Rights. Subject to Section 10.01, upon reasonable notice from a Member, the Company shall afford such
Member and its Representatives access during normal business hours for any purpose reasonably related to such Member's interest as a
Member to:

(a) the
Company's properties, offices, plants, and other facilities;

(b) the
corporate, financial, and similar records, reports, and documents of the Company, including all books and records, minutes of proceedings,
internal management documents, reports of operations, reports of adverse developments, and copies of any management letters and communications
with Members (which right of access shall include the right to examine such documents and to make copies thereof or extracts therefrom);
and

(c) any
Officers, senior employees, and accountants of the Company for the purpose of discussing and advising on the affairs, finances, and accounts
of the Company (and the Company hereby authorizes each such Officer, senior employee, and accountant to engage in such discussions with
such Member and its Representatives);

provided,
however, that (i) a requesting Member shall bear its own and its Representatives' expenses and all reasonable expenses
incurred by the Company in connection with any inspection or examination requested by such Member pursuant to this Section 11.02;
and (ii) if the Company provides or makes available any report or written analysis to or for any Member or Representative of such
Member pursuant to this Section 11.02, it shall
promptly provide or make available such report or analysis to or for the other Member.

-38-

Section 11.03
Income Tax Status. It is the intent of the Company and the Members that the Company shall be treated as a partnership for U.S.,
federal, state, and local income tax purposes. Neither the Company nor any Member shall make an election for the Company to be classified
as other than a partnership pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 301.7701-3.

Section 11.04 Tax Matters Representative.

(a) The
Members hereby appoint NEHC as the partnership representative as provided in Code Section 6223(a) (the Tax
Matters Representative). The Tax Matters Representative may resign at any time. The Tax Matters Representative may be removed
at any time by the Board. In the event of the resignation or removal of the Tax Matters Representative, the Board shall select a replacement.

(b) The
Tax Matters Representative is authorized to represent the Company in connection with all examinations of the Company's affairs by Taxing
Authorities, including resulting administrative and judicial proceedings, and to expend Company funds for professional services and costs
associated therewith. The Tax Matters Representative shall promptly notify the Members in writing of the commencement of any tax audit
of the Company, upon receipt of a tax assessment and upon the receipt of a notice of final partnership adjustment, and shall keep the
Members reasonably informed of the status of any tax audit and resulting administrative and judicial proceedings. The Tax Matters Representative
shall not take any actions in a tax audit or proceeding, including extending the statute of limitations, filing a request for administrative
adjustment, filing suit relating to any Company tax refund or deficiency, entering into any settlement agreement relating to items of
income, gain, loss, or deduction of the Company, or making any elections or other determinations, without the approval of the Board.

(c) To
the extent permitted by applicable law and regulations, the Tax Matters Representative will cause the Company to annually elect out of
the partnership audit procedures set forth in Subchapter C of Chapter 63 of the Code as amended by the BBA (the Revised Partnership
Audit Rules) pursuant to Code Section 6221(b). For any year in which applicable law and regulations do not permit the
Company to elect out of the Revised Partnership Audit Rules, then within forty-five (45) days of any notice of final partnership adjustment,
the Tax Matters Representative shall cause the Company to elect the alternative procedure under Code Section 6226, and furnish to
the Internal Revenue Service and each Member during the year or years to which the notice of final partnership adjustment relates a statement
of the Member's share of any adjustment set forth in the notice of final partnership adjustment.

(d) Each
Member agrees that such Member shall not treat any Company item inconsistently on such Member's federal, state, foreign, or other income
tax return with the treatment of the item on the Company's return. Any deficiency for taxes imposed on any Member (including penalties,
additions to tax or interest imposed with respect to such taxes, and any taxes imposed pursuant to Code Section 6226) will be paid
by such Member and if required to be paid (and actually paid)
by the Company, will be recoverable from such Member as provided in Section 6.02(d).

-39-

(e) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, any reasonable out-of- pocket expenses incurred by the Tax Matters Representative in carrying out their
responsibilities and duties in such capacity under this Agreement shall be an expense of the Company for which the Tax Matters Representative
shall be reimbursed by the Company.

(f) The
Company will make an election under Code Section 754, if requested in writing by a Member.

(g) The
provisions of this Section 11.04 and the obligations of a Member or former Member pursuant to Section 11.04 shall
survive the termination, dissolution, liquidation, and winding up of the Company and the Transfer of a Member's Membership Interest.

Section 11.05
Tax Returns. At the expense of the Company, the Board (or any Officer that it may designate) shall cause the preparation and
timely filing (including extensions) of all tax returns required to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Code as well as all other
required tax returns in each jurisdiction in which the Company owns property or does business. As soon as reasonably possible after the
end of each Fiscal Year, the Board or designated Officer will cause to be delivered to each Person who was a Member at any time during
such Fiscal Year, IRS Schedule K-1 to Form 1065 and such other information with respect to the Company as may be necessary for
the preparation of such Person's federal, state, and local income tax returns for such Fiscal Year.

Section 11.06
Company Funds. All funds of the Company shall be deposited in its name in such checking, savings, or other bank accounts, or
held in its name in the form of such other investments as shall be designated by the Board. The funds of the Company shall not be commingled
with the funds of any other Person. All withdrawals of such deposits or liquidations of such investments by the Company shall be made
exclusively upon the signature or signatures of such Officer or Officers as the Board may designate.

ARTICLE XII

DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION

Section 12.01
Events of Dissolution. The Company shall be dissolved and its affairs wound up only upon the occurrence of any of the following
events:

(a) The
unanimous determination of the Members to dissolve the Company;

(b) The
Bankruptcy or Dissolution of a Member, unless within ten (10) days after the occurrence of such Bankruptcy or Dissolution, the other
Member agrees in writing to continue the business of the Company;

-40-

(c) The
sale, exchange, involuntary conversion, or other disposition or transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the Company; or

(d) The
entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 18-802 of the Delaware Act.

Section 12.02
Effectiveness of Dissolution. Dissolution of the Company shall be effective on the day on which the event described in Section 12.01
occurs, but the Company shall not terminate until the winding up of the Company has been completed, the assets of the Company have
been distributed as provided in Section 12.03, and the Certificate of Formation shall have been cancelled as provided in
Section 12.04.

Section 12.03
Liquidation. If the Company is dissolved pursuant to Section 12.01, the Company shall be liquidated and its business
and affairs wound up in accordance with the Delaware Act and the following provisions:

(a) The
Board shall act as liquidator to wind up the Company (the Liquidator); provided that, notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, if the Company is being dissolved pursuant to Section 12.01(b) based on the Bankruptcy or Dissolution
of a Member, the other Member shall act as Liquidator. The Liquidator shall have full power and authority to sell, assign, and encumber
any or all of the Company's assets and to wind up and liquidate the affairs of the Company in an orderly and business- like manner; provided
that, if the Board is the Liquidator, it shall act in accordance with the governance provisions in ARTICLE VII until the winding
up occurs.

(b) As
promptly as possible after dissolution and again after final liquidation, the Liquidator shall cause a proper accounting to be made by
a recognized firm of certified public accountants of the Company's assets, liabilities, and operations through the last day of the calendar
month in which the dissolution occurs or the final liquidation is completed, as applicable.

(c) The
Liquidator shall liquidate the assets of the Company and distribute the proceeds of such liquidation in the following order of priority,
unless otherwise required by mandatory provisions of Applicable Law:

(i) first,
to the payment of all of the Company's debts and liabilities to its creditors (including Members, if applicable) and the expenses of liquidation
(including sales commissions incident to any sales of assets of the Company);

(ii) second,
to the establishment of and additions to reserves that are determined by the Liquidator to be reasonably necessary for any contingent
or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of the Company; and

(iii) third,
to the Members in accordance with the positive balances in their respective Capital Accounts, as determined after taking into account
all Capital Account adjustments for the taxable year of the Company during which the liquidation of the Company occurs.

-41-

(d) Notwithstanding
the provisions of Section 12.03(c) that require the liquidation of the assets of the Company, but subject to the order of priorities
set forth in Section 12.03(c), if upon dissolution of the Company the Liquidator reasonably determines that an immediate sale of
part or all of the Company's assets would be impractical or could cause undue loss to the Members, the Liquidator may defer the liquidation
of any assets except those necessary to satisfy Company liabilities and reserves, and may, upon unanimous consent of the Members, distribute
to the Members, in lieu of cash, as tenants in common and in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.03(c), undivided
interests in such Company assets as the Liquidator deems not suitable for liquidation. Any such distribution in kind shall be subject
to such conditions relating to the disposition and management of such properties as the Liquidator deems reasonable and equitable and
to any agreements governing the operation of such properties at such time. For purposes of any such distribution, any property to be
distributed will be valued at its Fair Market Value, as determined by the Liquidator in good faith.

Section 12.04
Cancellation of Certificate. Upon completion of the distribution of the assets of the Company as provided in Section 12.03(c),
the Company shall be terminated and the Liquidator shall cause the cancellation of the Certificate of Formation in the State of Delaware
and of all qualifications and registrations of the Company as a foreign limited liability company in jurisdictions other than the State
of Delaware and shall take such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the Company.

Section 12.05
Survival of Rights, Duties and Obligations. Dissolution, liquidation, winding up, or termination of the Company for any reason
shall not release any party from any Loss that at the time of such dissolution, liquidation, winding up, or termination already had accrued
to any other party or thereafter may accrue in respect of any act or omission prior to such dissolution, liquidation, winding up, or
termination. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the foregoing shall replace, diminish, or otherwise adversely affect any Member's right
to indemnification pursuant to Section 8.03.

Section 12.06
Recourse for Claims. Each Member shall look solely to the assets of the Company for all distributions with respect to the Company,
such Member's Capital Account, and such Member's share of Net Income, Net Loss, and other items of income, gain, loss, and deduction,
and shall have no recourse therefor (upon dissolution or otherwise) against the Liquidator or any other Member.

ARTICLE XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 13.01
Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel,
financial advisors, and accountants, incurred in connection with the preparation and execution of this Agreement, or any amendment or
waiver hereof, and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.

Section 13.02
Further Assurances. In connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, the Company and each
Member hereby agrees, at the request of the Company or any Member, to execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments,
conveyances, and assurances and to take such further actions as may be required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect
to the transactions contemplated hereby.

-42-

Section 13.03
Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received
by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by email of a PDF
document (with confirmation of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next Business Day if sent
after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such
other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 13.03):

If to the Company: 

Texas Critical Data Centers LLC

4501 Santa Rosa Drive

Midland, Texas 79707

Email: will@newerahelium.com

wolf@sharonai.com

Attention: Will Gray

Wolfgang Schubert

If to SharonAI: 

SharonAI, Inc.

745 Fifth Avenue, Suite 500

New York, NY 10151

Email: legal@sharonai.ai

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

with a copy to: 

Sheppard Mullin Richter and Hampton LLP

12275 El Camino Real, Suite 100

San Diego, CA 92130

Email: censz@sheppardmullin.com

Attention: Chad Ensz

If to NEHC: 

New Era Helium Inc.

4501 Santa Rosa Drive

Midland, Texas 79707

Email: will@newerahelium.com

Attention: CEO

with a copy to: 

Lynch, Chappell & Alsup, PC

300 N. Marienfeld, Suite 700

Midland, Texas 79701

Email: mnorwood@lcalawfirm.com

Attention: Matthew Norwood

-43-

Section 13.04
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience or reference only and are in no way intended to describe,
interpret, define, or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement.

Section 13.05
Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable under Applicable
Law in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement
or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Except as provided in Section 8.03(g) or
Error! Reference source not found., upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable,
the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely
as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated
to the greatest extent possible.

Section 13.06
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Certificate of Formation, the JV Agreements and all related Exhibits and
Schedules, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein
and therein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and
oral, with respect to such subject matter.

Section 13.07
Successors and Assigns. Subject to the restrictions on Transfers set forth herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned
by any Member except as permitted by this Agreement and any assignment in violation of this Agreement shall be null and void.

Section 13.08
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in ARTICLE VIII, which shall be for the benefit of and enforceable by
Covered Persons and Member Indemnitors as described therein, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto (and their respective
heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and permitted assigns) and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer
upon any other Person, including any creditor of the Company, any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever
under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section 13.09
Amendment. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified except by an instrument in writing executed by both Members.
Any such written amendment or modification will be binding upon the Company and each Member. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amendments
to Schedule A hereto that are necessary to reflect any Transfer of a Membership Interest in accordance with this Agreement or change of
address of a Member shall be made by the Board without the consent of or execution by the Members.

Section 13.10
Waiver. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure,
breach, or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether
occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege
arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this
Section 13.10 shall diminish any of the explicit and implicit waivers described in this Agreement, including in
Section 13.13 hereof.

-44-

Section 13.11
Governing Law. All issues and questions concerning the application, construction, validity, interpretation, and enforcement
of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect
to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause
the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware.

Section 13.12
Submission to Jurisdiction. The parties hereby agree that any suit, action, or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision
of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, whether in contract,
tort, or otherwise, shall be brought in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware or in the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware (or, if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware), so long as one
of such courts shall have subject matter jurisdiction over such suit, action, or proceeding, and that any cause of action arising out
of this Agreement shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of business in the State of Delaware. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably
consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action, or proceeding
and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue
of any such suit, action, or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action, or proceeding that is brought in any such court
has been brought in an inconvenient form. Service of process, summons, notice, or other document by registered mail to the address set
forth in Section 13.03 shall be effective service of process for any suit, action, or other proceeding brought in any such court.

Section 13.13
Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that any controversy that may arise under this Agreement
is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues and, therefore, each such party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right
it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

Section 13.14
Equitable Remedies. Each party hereto acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach by such party of any of its obligations
under this Agreement would give rise to irreparable harm to the other parties, for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy,
and hereby agrees that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by such party of any such obligations, each of the other parties
hereto shall, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available to them in respect of such breach, be entitled
to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance, and any other relief that may be available
from a court of competent jurisdiction (without any requirement to post bond).

-45-

Section 13.15
Remedies Cumulative. Except as expressly provided herein to the contrary, the rights and remedies under this Agreement are
cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.

Section 13.16
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, email, or other means of Electronic
Transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

-46-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

The Company:

TEXAS CRITICAL DATA CENTERS LLC

By: /s/ Wolfgang Schubert 

Name: Wolfgang Schubert 

Title: Chairperson

The Members:

SHARONAI, INC.

By: /s/ Wolfgang Schubert 

Name: Wolfgang Schubert 

Title: CEO

NEW ERA HELIUM INC.

By: /s/ E. Will Gray II

Name: E. Will Gray II

Title: CEO

-47-

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT

Reference is hereby made to
the Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated January 21, 2025, as amended from time to time (the LLC Agreement),
among SharonAI, Inc., a Delaware corporation (SharonAI), New Era Helium Inc., a Nevada corporation (NEHC)
and Texas Critical Data Centers LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company). Pursuant to and in accordance
with Section 4.01 or 4.02, as applicable, of the LLC Agreement, the undersigned hereby acknowledges that it has received and reviewed
a complete copy of the LLC Agreement and agrees that upon execution of this Joinder, such Person shall become a party to the LLC Agreement
and shall be fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms, and conditions of the LLC Agreement as though an original party
thereto and shall be deemed, and is hereby admitted as, a Member for all purposes thereof and entitled to all the rights incidental thereto.

Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the LLC Agreement.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

-48-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement
as of [ ].

[NEW MEMBER]

By 

Name: 

Title: 

-49-

SCHEDULE A MEMBERS SCHEDULE

Member Name and Address Percentage Interest [Capital Contribution]1 

SharonAI, Inc. 

745 Fifth Avenue, Suite 500

New York, NY 10151 50 % $ 75,000 

New Era Helium Inc.

4501 Santa Rosa Drive

Midland, Texas 79707 50 % $ 75,000 

Total: 100 % 

-50-

SCHEDULE B 

BUDGET

Data center: $6,000,000 per MW of capacity

Power plant: $1,300,000
per MW of capacity

CO2 capture equipment: $335,000 per MW of capacity

Miscellaneous costs
and equipment: $30,000,000

-51-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm253803d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH
THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE. THESE
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Original Principal Amount: $3,000,000

Issuance Date: January 16, 2025

NEW
ERA HELIUM INC.

SENIOR
SECURED Convertible Promissory Note

duE April 16,
2026

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, New Era Helium Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the
order of [_____], or its registered assigns (the Holder),
the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (or such lesser amount as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to repayment,
redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal) and the Payment Premium (as defined below), as applicable, in
each case when due, and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as
defined below) from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date) until the same becomes due and
payable, whether upon the Maturity Date (as defined below) or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance
with the terms hereof). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section (13). The Issuance Date is the date of the first
issuance of this 7% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (as amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented
or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, this Note) regardless of the number of transfers and regardless
of the number of instruments, which may be issued to evidence such Note.

This Note is being issued
pursuant to Section 2.01 of the Equity Purchase Facility Agreement, dated December 6, 2024 (as may be amended, amended and restated,
extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Purchase Agreement), between the Company
and the Holder, as the investor. This Note may be repaid in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The Holder also has the
option of converting on one or more occasions all or part of the then outstanding balance under this Note by delivering to the Company
one or more Conversion Notices in accordance with Section (3) of this Note.

(1) GENERAL TERMS.

(a) Maturity
Date. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued
and unpaid Interest, and any other amounts outstanding pursuant to the terms of this Note. The Maturity Date shall
be April 16, 2026, as may be extended at the option of the Holder. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company
may not prepay or redeem any portion of the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest.

(b) Monthly
Payments; Interest Rate and Payment of Interest. Commencing on the ninetieth (90th) day following the Issuance Date, and continuing
on the same day of each successive Calendar Month until the entire outstanding Principal amount shall have been repaid, the Company shall
make monthly payments to the Holder. Each monthly payment shall be in an amount equal to the sum of (i) one twelfth (1/12) of the
initial aggregate Principal of this Note and all Other Notes, plus (ii) accrued and unpaid Interest hereunder as of each payment
date. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal balance hereof at an annual rate equal to 10% (Interest Rate),
which Interest Rate shall increase to an annual rate of 18% (Event of Default Interest Rate) upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default (as defined below) (for so long as such event remains uncured). Interest shall be calculated based on a 365-day
year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Commencing on the ninetieth (90th) day following
the Issuance Date, and continuing on the same day of each successive Calendar Month (each, an Interest Date), any
accrued and unpaid Interest shall, at the Companys option, either be (i) paid in cash in immediately available funds to the
Holder (each, an Interest Payment), or (ii) compound and become additional Principal outstanding hereunder as
of such Interest Date (each, a Monthly Compounding). The Company may elect to effect an Interest Payment with respect
to an Interest Date by delivering to the Holder a written notice (each, an Interest Election Notice) on or prior
to the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately prior to such applicable Interest Date (the Interest Election Deadline)
electing to pay such Interest, in whole, or in part, as specified in such Interest Election Notice. If the Company fails to deliver an
Interest Election Notice to the Holder on or prior to the applicable Interest Election Deadline (or such Interest Election Notice elects
only in part, to pay such Interest), such Interest (or such unpaid portion of Interest on such Interest Date, as applicable) shall be
subject to Monthly Compounding on such Interest Date.

(c) [Reserved].

(d) Optional
Redemption. The Company at its option shall have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem (Optional Redemption)
a portion or all amounts outstanding under this Note as described in this Section; provided that the Company provides the Holder
with 10 days prior written notice (each, a Redemption Notice) of its desire to exercise an Optional Redemption after
the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day. Each Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the outstanding balance
of the Note to be redeemed and the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount shall be an amount equal to the outstanding
Principal balance being redeemed by the Company, plus the Payment Premium in respect of such Principal amount, plus all accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, on such Principal amount. After receipt of a Redemption Notice, the Holder shall have five (5) Trading Days (beginning
with the Trading Day immediately following the date of such Redemption Notice) to elect to convert all or any portion of the Note. On
the tenth (10th) Trading Day after the applicable Redemption Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder the Redemption
Amount with respect to the Principal amount redeemed to the extent not converted and otherwise after giving effect to conversions or other
payments made during the ten (10) Trading Day period.

(e) Payment
Dates. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made
on the next succeeding Business Day.

(f) 
Rank. All payments due under this Note (i) shall rank pari passu with all Other Notes and (ii) shall be senior
to all other Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(g) Payment
Provisions. All payments made to the Holder, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be made in cash, which shall mean
in immediately available funds and without set off or counterclaim. The Holder shall have the option to refuse or accept, in its sole
discretion, any payment attempted to be made without a required notice. The Holder may, in its sole discretion, apply or recharacterize
any payment made under this Note to the payment of any outstanding Obligation, regardless of the intended characterization thereof by
the Company, including by recharacterizing a payment of principal made to a payment of an Interest or a required fee, even if this characterization
results in a smaller payment of principal. Each determination by the Holder of an amount of interest or fee due hereunder shall be conclusive
and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(2) EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

(a) An
Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it
shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order,
rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) shall have occurred:

(i) the
Company fails to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Redemption Amount, Event of Default Redemption Amount (as defined below),
Payment Premium, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note or any other Transaction Document within five (5) Trading
Days after such payment is due;

2

(ii) (A) the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company commences any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter
in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction, whether
now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company; (B) there is commenced against the Company or
any Subsidiary of the Company any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
thereto, and any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty one (61) days; (C) the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; (D) any order of relief or other order approving any
such case or proceeding is entered; (E) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company suffers any appointment of any custodian, private
or court appointed receiver or the like for it or all or substantially all of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for
a period of sixty one (61) days; (F) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company makes a general assignment of all or substantially
all of its assets for the benefit of creditors; (G) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company fails to pay, or states that it
is unable to pay, or is unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; (H) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company calls
a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; (I) the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the
foregoing; or (J) any corporate or other action is taken by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of effecting
any of the foregoing;

(iii) the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company defaults, in any of its obligations under any note debenture, or any mortgage, credit agreement
or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may
be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company in an amount exceeding $500,000, whether such Indebtedness now exists or is hereafter created and such
default is not cured within the time prescribed by the documents governing such Indebtedness, and as a result, such Indebtedness is able
to be, becomes or is declared due and payable;

(iv) a
final judgment or judgments (excluding judgments for current litigation set forth on the disclosure schedules of the Purchase Agreement)
for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $500,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and which judgments
are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged
within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity
from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $500,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides the
Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder)
to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will
receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

(v) the
Common Stock shall cease to be quoted or listed for trading, as applicable, on any Primary Market for a period of ten (10) consecutive
Trading Days;

(vi) the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is or becomes a party to any Change of Control Transaction (as defined in Section (17))
unless in connection with such Change of Control Transaction this Note is redeemed;

(vii) the
Company (A) fails to deliver the required number of shares of Common Stock to the Holder within one (1) Trading Day after the
applicable Share Delivery Date (as defined below), (B) provides notice, written or oral, to any holder of this Note, including by
way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with a request for conversion of any Note into Common Stock that
is tendered in accordance with the provisions of this Note or (C) fails to remove restrictive legends from any shares of Common Stock
issued or to be issued to the Holder upon conversion of any Notes, subject to the Holder providing customary representations and other
documentation, if any, as reasonably requested by the Company, its counsel or Transfer Agent, within two (2) Trading Days following
the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the Transfer Agent of all such documentation;

3

(viii) the
Company fails for any reason to deliver the payment in cash pursuant to a Buy-In (as defined herein) within five (5) Business Days
after such payment is due;

(ix) the
Company fails to timely file with the Commission any Periodic Report on or before the due date of such filing as established by the Commission,
it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that due date includes any permitted filing deadline extension under Rule 12b-25
under the Exchange Act;

(x) any
material representation or warranty made by or on behalf of the Company in or in connection with any Transaction Document, or any waiver
hereunder or thereunder, is proven to have been incorrect in any material respect (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty
already qualified by materiality, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect) when made or deemed made;

(xi) any
material provision of any Transaction Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly
permitted hereunder or thereunder, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Company or any other Person contests in writing the validity
or enforceability of any provision of any Transaction Document; or the Company denies in writing that it has any or further liability
or obligation under any Transaction Document, or purports in writing to revoke, terminate (other than pursuant to the relevant termination
provisions) or rescind any Transaction Document;

(xii) any
Security Document (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) for any reason fails or ceases to create a separate valid and perfected and,
except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority Lien (as defined below) on the Collateral in favor of the
Collateral Agent (as defined in the Security Agreement) or any material provision of any Security Document at any time for any reason
ceases to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Company or the validity or enforceability thereof is contested by any party
thereto, or a proceeding is commenced by the Company or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company, seeking to establish
the invalidity or unenforceability thereof;

(xiii) any
material damage to, or loss, theft or destruction of, any Collateral, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo,
condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty which causes, for more than fifteen (15) consecutive days, the cessation or
substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities at any facility of the Company or any Subsidiary, if any such event or circumstance
does have a Material Adverse Effect;

(xiv) the
Company uses the proceeds of the issuance of this Note and/or the Other Notes, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately,
incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board,
as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof), or to extend credit to others for
the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose;

(xv) any
Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes or in any Transaction Document other than this Note) occurs with respect to any Other
Notes or any Transaction Document, or any breach of any material term of any other debenture, note, or instrument held by the Holder with
respect to the Company or any agreement between or among the Company and the Holder;

(xvi) the
Company fails to observe or perform any covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commits any breach or default of any
provision of this Note (except as may be covered by Section (2)(a) hereof) or any other Transaction Document, which is not cured
or remedied within the time prescribed or if no time is prescribed within ten (10) Business Days; or

(xvii) the
electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the DTC (as defined below) or another established clearing corporation
is no longer available or is subject to a chill for a period of five (5) Trading Days.

4

(b) Upon
the Companys knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note (or any Other Note), the Company shall,
within one (1) Business Day deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to the Holder (an Event
of Default Notice). At any time after the earlier of the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice and the Holder
becoming aware of an Event of Default, the Holder may either (i) convert all or any portion of this Note by delivering a Conversion
Notice to the Company pursuant to the procedure set forth in Section (3), at a price equal to the Event of Default Conversion Price,
or (ii) require the Company to redeem (regardless of whether such Event of Default has been cured) (each, an Event of Default
Redemption) all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption
Notice) to the Company, which Event of Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the Holder is electing
to redeem. Each portion of this Note subject to redemption or conversion by the Company pursuant to this Section (2)(b) shall
be redeemed or converted by the Company at a price equal to the Conversion Amount to be redeemed, plus the Payment Premium in respect
of such Conversion Amount, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, if any on such Conversion Amount (the Event of Default Redemption
Amount). Redemptions required by this Section (2)(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section (1)(d) (with
Event of Default Redemption Amount replacing Redemption Amount for all purposes hereunder). Conversions required
to be made by this Section (2)(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section (3). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Section (2)(b), but subject to the limitations set out in Section (3)(c)(i) and Section (3)(c)(ii),
until the Event of Default Redemption Amount is paid in full, the Conversion Amount submitted for redemption under this Section (2)(b) (together
with any interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof) may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into shares of Common
Stock pursuant to the terms of this Note.

(c) 
In the event that the Event of Default Conversion Price is lower than the Floor Price then in effect on the date of any Event of Default
Redemption, the Company shall also either (i) deliver to the Holder the applicable Event of Default Redemption Floor Amount in cash
in immediately available funds or (ii) increase the then outstanding Principal amount by the applicable Event of Default Redemption
Floor Amount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 2(b) and 2(c), but subject to Section 3(c)(i), until the
Company delivers shares of Common Stock representing the applicable Event of Default Redemption Amount to the Holder, such Event of Default
Redemption Amount may be converted by the Holder into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2(b) without regard to this
Section 2(c). In the event of an Event of Default Redemption pursuant to this Section 2(c) of all, or any portion, of this
Note, the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future
interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, the
Event of Default Conversion Price used in such Event of Default Redemption, as applicable, is intended by the parties to be, and shall
be deemed, a reasonable estimate of, the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

(d) In
the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note under this Section (2), the Holders damages would
be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of
the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section (2) is
intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity
and not as a penalty. Any redemption of this Note upon an Event of Default shall not constitute an election of remedies by the Holder,
and all other rights and remedies of the Holder shall be preserved. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with
the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note at any time during
an Event of Default until fully converted or repaid, including following the Maturity Date, except as may otherwise be expressly set forth
herein.

(3) CONVERSION
OF NOTE. This Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section (3).

(a) Conversion
Right. Subject to the limitations of Section (3)(c), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be
entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
in accordance with Section (3)(b), at the Conversion Price. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any
Conversion Amount pursuant to this Section (3)(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the
Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. All calculations under this
Section (3) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of
Common Stock, the Company shall round such a fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay
any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion
of any Conversion Amount.

5

(b) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Optional
Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the
Holder shall (A) transmit by email (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York Time, on such date, a
copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice)
to the Company and (B) if required by Section (3)(b)(iii), surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery
service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification undertaking reasonably satisfactory to the Company with respect to this Note
in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a
Conversion Notice (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall (X) if legends are not required to be placed
on certificates of Common Stock or the book-entry position of the shares of Common Stock and provided that the Transfer Agent is participating
in the Depository Trust Companys (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (FAST) Program,
credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holders or its designees
balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in FAST, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate or book-entry position, registered in the
name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled which certificates
shall not bear any restrictive legends unless required pursuant to rules and regulations of the Commission. If this Note is physically
surrendered for conversion and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being
converted, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this
Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person
or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as
the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock upon the transmission of a Conversion Notice.

(ii) Companys
Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery
Date, if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate for the number
of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register
or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC
for such number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion of this Note (as the case
may be) (a Conversion Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (1) the Company
shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after such Share Delivery Date that the issuance of such shares of Common Stock is not timely
effected an amount equal to 1.5% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to the Holder on
or prior to the Share Delivery Date and to which the Holder is entitled, multiplied by (B) any VWAP of the Common Stock of any Trading
Day (as selected by the Holder in writing) during the period beginning on the applicable Conversion Date and ending on the applicable
Share Delivery Date and (2) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain
or have returned (as the case may be) any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice, provided
that the voiding of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior
to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section (3)(b)(ii) or otherwise. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to
the Share Delivery Date if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to the Holder
(or its designee) a certificate and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register or, if the Transfer Agent
is participating in FAST, the Transfer Agent shall fail to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with
DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder or pursuant
to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (II) below, and if on or after such Share Delivery Date the Holder acquires
(in an open market transaction, stock loan or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that the Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company
in connection with such Conversion Failure (a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder,
the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the Holders request and in the Holders discretion,
either: (I) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
stock loan costs and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so acquired (including, without limitation,
by any other Person in respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys
obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) or credit the balance account of such Holder
or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon
the Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) shall terminate, or (II) promptly
honor its obligation to so issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock or credit
the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to
which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount
equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (x) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the
lowest VWAP of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice and ending
on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (II). Nothing shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies
available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief
with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock (or to electronically deliver
such shares of Common Stock) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

6

(iii) Book-Entry.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented
by this Note is being converted or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included
in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion.

(c) Limitations
on Conversions.

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note to the extent that after giving effect to such
conversion, the Holder, together with the Holders Affiliates (as defined below), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, would beneficially own (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such conversion or receipt of shares as payment of interest (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).
The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section (3)(c),
provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section (3)(c) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will
not be effective until the sixty-first day after such notice is delivered to the Company. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report
to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder, unless the conversion at issue
would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation without regard to any other shares
which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an Affiliate thereof, the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine
whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder
determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of which portion of the Principal amount of this
Note is convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a Principal
amount of this Note that, without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its Affiliates may beneficially own, would result in the
issuance in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion
for the maximum Principal amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date in accordance with Section (3)(a) and, any
Principal amount tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder shall remain outstanding under this Note. The provisions
of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than sixty-one (61) days
prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.

7

(ii) Primary
Market Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, the Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon
conversion of this Note or the Other Notes, or otherwise, if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, together with any shares of
Common Stock issued in connection with the Purchase Agreement and with any other related transactions that may be considered part of the
same series of transactions, would exceed the aggregate number shares of Common Stock that the Company may issue in a transaction in compliance
with the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq)
and shall be referred to as the Exchange Cap, except that such limitation shall not apply if the Companys
has obtained Stockholder Approval.

(d) 
Other Provisions.

(i) All
calculations under this Section (3) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001 or whole share.

(ii) So
long as this Note or any Other Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized shares of capital stock,
and shall have instructed its Transfer Agent to irrevocably reserve, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note and the Other Notes (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) this Note and such Other Notes are convertible at the Floor
Price as of the date of determination, including the Payment Premium in respect of the total Principal amount, plus all accrued and unpaid
interest at the Event of Default Interest Rate, if any, on such Principal amount, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into
account any limitations on the conversion of the Note or Other Notes set forth herein or therein) (the Required Reserve Amount),
provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock reserved pursuant to this Section (3)(d)(ii) be reduced
other than pursuant to the conversion of this Note and the Other Notes in accordance with their terms, and/or cancellation, or reverse
stock split. If at any time while this Note or any Other Notes remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized
and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy the obligation to reserve for issuance the Required Reserve Amount, the Company will
promptly take all corporate action necessary to hold a meeting of its stockholders to consider a proposal to increase of its authorized
shares of capital stock necessary to meet the Companys obligations pursuant to this Note, and cause its board of directors to recommend
to the stockholders that they approve such proposal. The Company covenants that, upon issuance in accordance with the conversion of this
Note in accordance with its terms, the shares of Common Stock, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(iii) Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section (2) herein
for the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing or credit the Holders balance account with DTC for shares
of Common Stock upon conversion within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available
to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief, in each case without
the need to post a bond or provide other security. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce
damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

(iv) Legal
Opinions. The Company is obligated to cause its legal counsel to deliver legal opinions to the Transfer Agent in connection with any
legend removal upon the expiration of any holding period or other requirement for which the Underlying Shares may bear legends restricting
the transfer thereof. To the extent that a legal opinion is not provided (either timely or at all), then, in addition to being an Event
of Default hereunder, the Company agrees to reimburse the Holder for all reasonable costs incurred by the Holder in connection with any
legal opinions paid for by the Holder in connection with the sale or transfer of the Underlying Shares. The Holder shall notify the Company
of any such costs and expenses it incurs that are referred to in this section from time to time and all amounts owed hereunder shall be
paid by the Company with reasonable promptness.

(e) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding, shall
(a) pay a stock dividend or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in Common Stock, (b) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (c) combine
(including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (d) issue by reclassification
of shares of Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then each of the Fixed Price, the Floor Price, the Conversion Price
and the Event of Default Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective, in the case of a
dividend distribution, immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
or, in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification, shall become effective immediately after the effective date of the
subdivision, combination or re-classification.

8

(f) 
Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. Except for Excluded Securities, if the Company, at any time while
this Note is outstanding, issues or sells any shares of Common Stock (other than in connection with the Purchase Agreement) or Convertible
Securities, for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Fixed Price in
effect immediately prior to such issue or sale (such price the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive
Issuance), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Fixed Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal
to the New Issuance Price. For the purposes hereof, if the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities and the lowest
price per share for which one share of Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange or exercise thereof is less than the
Applicable Price, then such shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at
the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. No further adjustment of the Conversion Price
shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion or exchange or exercise of such Convertible Securities.

(g) 
Stock Combination Event Adjustments. If at any time and from time to time on or after the Issuance Date (other than with respect
to the initial Stock Combination Event (as defined below) after the Issuance Date) there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock
combination recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Stock Combination Event,
and such date thereof, the Stock Combination Event Date) and the Event Market Price is less than the Conversion Price
then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 3(e) above), then on the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day immediately
following such Stock Combination Event Date, the Conversion Price then in effect on such sixteenth (16th) Trading Day (after giving effect
to the adjustment in Section 3(e) above) shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market Price. For the avoidance
of doubt, if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the Conversion Price hereunder,
no adjustment shall be made.

(h) Other
Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental
Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or
in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure
that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holders option, (i) in addition
to the shares of Common Stock receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled
with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of Common Stock been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate
Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the shares
of Common Stock otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of shares of Common
Stock in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive had
this Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to shares of Common Stock) at a
conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Price. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall
be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders. The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally
to successive Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of this Note.

(i) Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Primary Market, the Company may at any time during the term
of this Note reduce the then current Conversion Price of this Note and the other Notes to any amount and for any period of time deemed
appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company.

(j) Whenever
the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to Section (3) hereof, the Company shall promptly provide the Holder with a written
notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

9

(k) In
case of any (1) merger or consolidation of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company with or into another Person, or (2) sale
by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of more than one-half of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions,
a Holder shall have the right to (A) exercise any rights under Section (3)(b), (B) convert the aggregate amount of this
Note then outstanding into the shares of stock and other securities, cash and property receivable upon or deemed to be held by holders
of shares of Common Stock following such merger, consolidation or sale, and such Holder shall be entitled upon such event or series of
related events to receive such amount of securities, cash and property as the shares of Common Stock into which such aggregate Principal
amount of this Note could have been converted immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or sales would have been entitled, or (C) in
the case of a merger or consolidation, require the surviving entity to issue to the Holder a convertible Note with a Principal amount
equal to the aggregate Principal amount of this Note then held by such Holder, plus all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts
owing thereon, which such newly issued convertible Note shall have terms identical (including with respect to conversion) to the terms
of this Note, and shall be entitled to all of the rights and privileges of the Holder of this Note set forth herein and the agreements
pursuant to which this Note was issued. In the case of clause (C), the conversion price applicable for the newly issued shares of convertible
preferred stock or convertible debentures shall be based upon the amount of securities, cash and property that each share of Common Stock
would receive in such transaction and the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness or closing date for such transaction.
The terms of any such merger, sale or consolidation shall include such terms so as to continue to give the Holder the right to receive
the securities, cash and property set forth in this Section upon any conversion or redemption following such event. This provision
shall similarly apply to successive such events.

(4) REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)), registered in the name of the registered transferee
or assignee, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder (along with any accrued and unpaid interest thereof)
and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) to the Holder
representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section (3)(b)(iii) following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note,
the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal
of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time
of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms hereof, such new Note (i) shall be of
like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or
in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 5(4)(a) or Section 5(4)(c), the Principal designated by the
Holder which, when added to the Principal represented by the other new Note issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the
Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Note), (iii) shall have an issuance date,
as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and
conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest from the Issuance Date.

10

(5) NOTICES.
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing by
letter and email and will be deemed to have been delivered: upon the later of (A) either (i) receipt, when delivered personally
or (ii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case,
properly addressed to the party to receive the same and (B) receipt, when sent by electronic mail. The addresses and e-mail addresses
for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to: New Era Helium Inc.

4501 Santa Rosa Drive

Midland, TX 79707

Attn: E. Will Gray II, Chief Executive Officer

Telephone: (432) 695-6997

Email: will@newerahelium.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036

Attn: Ross D. Carmel

Telephone: (212) 930-9700

Email: rcarmel@srfc.law

If to the Holder: 

[__________]

Attn:

Telephone:

Email:

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor

New York, NY 10020

Attn: David E. Danovitch

Telephone: (212) 660-3000

Email: ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

or at such other address and/or email and/or to
the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three (3) Business
Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent,
waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the senders email service provider containing the time, date,
recipient email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of
personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i),
(ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(6) Except
as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligations of the Company, which are absolute and unconditional,
to pay the Principal of, interest and other charges (if any) on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the currency, herein prescribed.
This Note is a direct obligation of the Company. As long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not and shall cause its Subsidiaries
not to, without the consent of the Holder, (i) amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents so as to
adversely affect any rights of the Holder; (ii) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of its
Common Stock or other equity securities; (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, or (iv) enter
into any agreement, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would restrict, materially delay, conflict with or impair
the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the this Note, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company
to make cash payments hereunder.

(7) This
Note shall not entitle the Holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including without limitation, the right to vote,
to receive dividends and other distributions, or to receive any notice of, or to attend, meetings of stockholders or any other proceedings
of the Company, except as required by law (including, without limitation, the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes) and as expressly
provided in this Note, unless and to the extent converted into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof.

11

(8) CHOICE OF LAW; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

(a) Governing
Law. This Note and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws (excluding the principles of conflict of laws) of the State of Nevada (the Governing Jurisdiction),
including all matters of construction, validity and performance.

(b) Jurisdiction;
Venue; Service.

(i) The
Company hereby irrevocably consents to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the Governing Jurisdiction and,
if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of any United States District Court for the Governing
Jurisdiction.

(ii) The
Company agrees that venue shall be proper in any court of the Governing Jurisdiction selected by the Holder or, if a basis for federal
jurisdiction exists, in any United States District Court in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company waives any right to object to the
maintenance of any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract
or in tort or otherwise, in any of the state or federal courts of the Governing Jurisdiction on the basis of improper venue or inconvenience
of forum.

(iii) Any
suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or tort or otherwise,
brought by the Company against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction
Document, or any contemplated transaction, shall be brought in a court only in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company shall not file
any counterclaim against the Holder in any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Holder against the Company in
a jurisdiction outside of the Governing Jurisdiction unless under the rules of the court in which the Holder brought such suit, claim,
action, litigation or proceeding the counterclaim is mandatory, and not permissive, and would be considered waived unless filed as a counterclaim
in the suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding instituted by the Holder against the Company. The Company agrees that any forum outside
the Governing Jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum and that any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Company
against the Holder in any court outside the Governing Jurisdiction should be dismissed or transferred to a court located in the Governing
Jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not bring or commence any suit, claim, action,
litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the
Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated
transaction, in any forum other than the state and federal courts sitting in the Clark County, State of Nevada, and each of the parties
hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit,
claim, action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such Nevada State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, in such federal court. The Company and the Holder agree that a final judgment in any such suit, claim, action, litigation
or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
law.

(iv) The
Company and the Holder irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, claim,
action, litigation or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, to it at the address
provided for notices in this Note, such service to become effective thirty (30) days after the date of mailing.

(v) Nothing
herein shall affect the right of the Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or
to otherwise proceed against the Company or any other Person in the Governing Jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction.

12

(c) THE
PARTIES MUTUALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS NOTE OR ANY MATTER RELATING
TO THIS NOTE, OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS A WAIVER OF A LEGAL
RIGHT AND THAT THE PARTIES EACH MAKE THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE CHOICE.
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE OF A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION, WITHOUT A JURY.

(9) If
the Company fails to strictly comply with the terms of this Note, then the Company shall reimburse the Holder promptly for all fees, costs
and expenses, including, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in any action in connection with this Note, including
those incurred: (i) during any workout, attempted workout, and/or in connection with the rendering of legal advice as to the Holders
rights, remedies and obligations, (ii) collecting any sums which become due to the Holder, (iii) defending or prosecuting any
proceeding or any counterclaim to any proceeding or appeal; or (iv) the protection, preservation or enforcement of any rights or
remedies of the Holder.

(10) Any
waiver by the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach
of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any
term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon
strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

(11) If
any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision
is inapplicable to any person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances. If it shall
be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder shall violate applicable laws governing usury, the applicable
rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of interest. The Company covenants (to
the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the
benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or
any portion of the Principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force,
or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this indenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly
waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impeded
the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law
has been enacted.

(12) DISCLOSURE.
Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Note, unless the Company has in good faith
determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
the Company shall within one (1) Business Day after such receipt or delivery publicly disclose such material, nonpublic information
on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public
information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder contemporaneously with delivery of
such notice, and in the absence of any such indication, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters relating to such notice
do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(13) COVENANTS.
Until all of the Notes have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with their terms:

(a) Incurrence
of Indebtedness. Except for Permitted Indebtedness, the Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to
not, directly or indirectly, incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness (other than (i) the Indebtedness evidenced
by this Note and the Other Notes and (ii) any other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Purchase Agreement).

(b) Existence
of Liens. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, allow or suffer
to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including accounts
and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Liens) other than Permitted Liens.

13

(c) Restricted
Payments and Investments. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly,
redeem, defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part,
whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any Indebtedness (other
than the Notes and the Other Notes and any other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) whether by way of payment in
respect of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on, such Indebtedness, if at the time such payment with respect to such Indebtedness
is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such payment, (i) an event constituting an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing or (ii) an event that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, make any
investment other than Permitted Investments.

(d) Restriction
on Redemption and Cash Dividends. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or
indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its capital stock.

(e) Restriction
on Transfer of Assets. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly,
sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, spin-off, split-off, close, convey or otherwise dispose of any assets or rights of the Company
or any Subsidiary owned or hereafter acquired whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, other than (i) sales,
leases, licenses, assignments, transfers, conveyances and other dispositions of such assets or rights by the Company and its Subsidiaries
in the ordinary course of business consistent with its past practice, and (ii) sales of inventory and product in the ordinary course
of business.

(f) Maturity
of Indebtedness. Except for the Permitted Indebtedness and as set forth on Schedule A to the Purchase Agreement, the Company
shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, permit any Indebtedness of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to mature or accelerate prior to the Maturity Date.

(g) Change
in Nature of Business. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly,
engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by or publicly contemplated to
be conducted by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries on the Issuance Date or any business substantially related or incidental thereto.
The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, modify its or their corporate
purpose.

(h) Preservation
of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence,
rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes
such qualification necessary.

(i) Maintenance
of Properties, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its
properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and
tear excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is
a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder, except if any such
event or circumstance is not reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(j) Maintenance
of Intellectual Property. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take all action necessary or advisable to
maintain all of the Intellectual Property Rights (as provided in Section 5.12 of the Purchase Agreement) of the Company and/or any
of its Subsidiaries that are necessary or material to the conduct of its business in full force and effect, except if any such event or
circumstance is not reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

14

(k) Maintenance
of Insurance. The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable
insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business interruption
insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering
such risks as is required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance
with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated.

(l) Transactions
with Affiliates. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend or be a party to,
any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property
or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any director, officer or other Affiliate, except transactions in
the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent
operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in
a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof.

(m) Restricted
Issuances. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Required Holders, (i) issue
any notes (other than as contemplated by this Note, the Other Notes or the Purchase Agreement) or (ii) issue any other securities
that would cause a breach or default under this Note or the Other Notes, provided that issuances by the Company of its securities pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement and the WPA shall be permitted.

(n) 
Financial Covenants; Announcement of Operating Results.

(i) The
Company shall maintain, as of the end of each Fiscal Quarter (and/or Fiscal Year, as applicable) a balance of Available Cash in an aggregate
amount equal to or exceed $500,000 (the Financial Test).

(ii) Operating
Results Announcement. Commencing on the Issuance Date, the Company shall publicly disclose and disseminate (such date, the Announcement
Date), if the Financial Test fails to be satisfied (each such failure, a Financial Covenant Failure),
a statement to that effect no later than the tenth (10th) day after the end of such Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable,
and such announcement shall include a statement to the effect that a Financial Covenant Failure by the Company exists (or does not exist,
as applicable) for such Fiscal Quarter. On the Announcement Date, the Company shall also provide to the Holder a certification, executed
on behalf of the Company by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifying that the Company satisfied the Financial Test for such
Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, if that is the case. If a Financial Covenant Failure by the Company exists for a Fiscal
Quarter, on or prior to the Announcement Date, the Company shall provide to the Holders a written certification, executed on behalf of
the Company by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifying that a Financial Covenant Failure exists for such Fiscal Quarter
or Fiscal Year, as applicable (a Financial Covenant Event Notice). Concurrently with the delivery of each Financial
Covenant Event Notice to the Holders, the Company shall also make publicly available (as part of a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
Annual Report on Form 10-K or on a Current Report on Form 8-K, or otherwise) the Financial Covenant Event Notice and the fact
that an Event of Default has occurred under the Notes.

(o) PCAOB
Registered Auditor. At all times any Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall have engaged an independent auditor to audit its
financial statements that is registered with (and in compliance with the rules and regulations of) the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board.

(p) Stay,
Extension and Usury Laws. To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (i) agrees that it will not at any time insist
upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever
enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note; and (ii) expressly waives all benefits or advantages
of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to
the Holder by this Note, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

15

(q) Taxes.
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with any related
interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries or their respective assets or upon
their ownership, possession, use, operation or disposition thereof or upon their rents, receipts or earnings arising therefrom (except
where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries).
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax returns (except where the failure
to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain
adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

(r) Independent
Investigation. At the request of the Holder either (x) at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or
(y) upon the occurrence of an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of Default or (z) at
any time the Holder reasonably believes an Event of Default may have occurred or be continuing, the Company shall hire an independent,
reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed) to investigate as to whether any breach of this Note has occurred (the Independent Investigator). If
the Independent Investigator determines that such breach of this Note has occurred, the Independent Investigator shall notify the Company
of such breach and the Company shall deliver written notice to each Holder of a Note of such breach. In connection with such investigation,
the Independent Investigator may, during normal business hours, inspect all contracts, books, records, personnel, offices and other facilities
and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries as the Independent Investigator determines are reasonably necessary to its investigation.

The Company shall furnish the Independent Investigator
with such financial and operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties of the Company as the Independent
Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall permit the Independent Investigator to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts
of the Company with, and to make proposals and furnish advice with respect thereto to, the Companys officers, directors, key employees
and independent public accountants or any of them (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss with such
Independent Investigator the finances and affairs of the Company and any Subsidiaries), all at such reasonable times, upon reasonable
notice, and as often as may be reasonably requested.

(s) Within
three (3) Business Days of the date hereof, the Company shall file with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and the Secretary
of State of any other applicable jurisdiction, UCC-3 statements of amendment and such other documents and instruments related to terminate
any UCC-1 financing statements filed in connection with that certain Security Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2024, by and among
New Era Helium Corp., a Nevada corporation (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, NEHC), all of the subsidiaries
of NEHC, and holders of NEHCs 10% Secured Convertible Debentures Due March 1, 2025 (the Debentures),
and the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2024, by and between NEHC and each purchaser identified on the signature
pages thereto, in connection with the Debentures.

(t) On
or before the date hereof, or such later date agreed to by Collateral Agent in its sole discretion, Company shall deliver Collateral Agent
all documentation reasonably requested by Collateral Agent to grant Collateral Agent a perfected security interest in all of the assets
of the Company and its subsidiaries, including without limitation, mining wells and the assets that are currently referenced as Excluded
Property in clause (8) of such definition contained in the Security Agreement.

(14) DISTRIBUTION
OF ASSETS. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Sections (2) and (3), if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distributions of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to any or all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (the Distributions),
then the Holder will be entitled to such Distributions as if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon
complete conversion of this Note (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note and assuming
for such purpose that the Note was converted at the Event of Default Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) immediately prior
to the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of
Common Stock are to be determined for such Distributions (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Distribution would result in the Holder, together with any Affiliate thereof, exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the extent of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (and shall
not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to
the extent of any such excess) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such
time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder, together with any Affiliate thereof, exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on
such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such
limitation).

16

(15) AMENDING
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. Except for Section (3)(c), which may not be amended, modified or waived by the parties hereto, the prior
written consent of the Required Holders shall be required for any change, waiver or amendment to this Note. Any amendment, modification
or waiver so approved shall be binding upon all existing and future holders of this Note and any Other Notes; provided, however, that
no such change, waiver or, as applied to any of the Notes held by any particular holder of Notes, shall, without the written consent of
that particular Holder (i) disproportionally and adversely affect any rights under the Notes of any holder of Notes; or (ii) modify
any of the provisions of, or impair the right of any holder of Notes under, this Section (15).

(16) SECURED
OBLIGATION. The obligations of the Company under this Note and Other Notes are secured by all current and future assets of the Company
and each Subsidiary Guarantor (as defined in the Security Agreement) pursuant to the Security Agreement (as defined below). The Company
acknowledges and agrees that should a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law be commenced by or against the Company or a Subsidiary
Guarantor, or if any of the Collateral should become the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, then the Holder will be entitled
to, among other relief to which the Holder may be entitled under the Transaction Documents and/or applicable law, an order from the court
granting immediate relief from the automatic stay pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 362 to permit the Holder to exercise all of its rights
and remedies pursuant to the Transaction Documents and/or applicable law. THE COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS,
EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE BENEFIT OF THE AUTOMATIC STAY IMPOSED BY 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362. FURTHERMORE, THE COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF
AND THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS, EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NEITHER 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362 NOR ANY OTHER SECTION OF
THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER STATUTE OR RULE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 11 U.S.C. SECTION 105) SHALL STAY, INTERDICT, CONDITION,
REDUCE OR INHIBIT IN ANY WAY THE ABILITY OF THE HOLDER TO ENFORCE ANY OF ITS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND/OR
APPLICABLE LAW. The Company, on behalf of itself and the Subsidiary Guarantors, hereby consents to any motion for relief from stay that
may be filed by the Holder in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding initiated by or against the Company or the Subsidiary Guarantors
and, further, agrees not to file any opposition to any motion for relief from stay filed by the Holder. The Company represents, acknowledges
and agrees that this provision is a specific and material aspect of the Transaction Documents, and that the Holder would not agree to
the terms of this Note and the other Transaction Documents if this waiver were not a part of this Note. The Company further represents,
acknowledges and agrees that is waiver is knowingly, intelligently and voluntarily made, that neither the Holder nor any person acting
on behalf of the Holder has made any representations to induce this waiver, that the Company has been represented (or has had the opportunity
to by represented) in the execution of this Note and the Transaction Documents and in the making of this waiver by independent legal counsel
selected by the Company and that the Company has discussed this waiver with counsel.

(17) CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) Affiliate
shall mean any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(b) Announcement
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (13)(n)(ii).

(c) Applicable
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

(d) Approved
Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company prior to or subsequent
to the date of the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and options to purchase Common Stock may be issued to any
employee, officer or director of the Company for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

17

(e) Available
Cash means, with respect to any date of determination, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the cash of the Company and
its Subsidiaries (excluding for this purpose cash held in restricted accounts (other than cash otherwise unavailable for unrestricted
use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for any reason) as of such date of determination held in bank accounts of financial banking
institutions in the United States of America).

(f) 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(c)(i).

(g) 
Bloomberg means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

(h) Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or the Primary Market is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading.

(i) Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

(j) 
Buy-In Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

(k) 
Calendar Month means one of the months as named in the calendar.

(l) 
Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual
or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control
(whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of fifty percent
(50%) of the voting power of the Company (except that the acquisition of voting securities by the Holder or any other current holder of
Convertible Securities of the Company shall not constitute a Change of Control Transaction for purposes hereof), (b) a replacement
at one time or over time of more than one-half of the members of the board of directors of the Company (other than as due to the death
or disability of a member of the board of directors) which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the board
of directors on the date hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board of directors on any date whose nomination
to the board of directors was approved by a majority of the members of the board of directors who are members on the date hereof), (c) the
merger, consolidation or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in one or a
series of related transactions with or into another entity, or (d) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company
is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth above in (a), (b) or (c). No transfer to a wholly-owned
Subsidiary shall be deemed a Change of Control Transaction under this provision.

(m) Closing
Price means the price per share in the last reported trade of the shares of Common Stock on a Primary Market or on the exchange
which the shares of Common Stock are then listed as quoted by Bloomberg.

(n) Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(o) Common
Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock
for which such common stock shall have been exchanged or any shares of capital stock resulting from a reclassification by the Company
of such common stock.

(p) 
Company shall have the meaning set forth in the recital to this Note.

(q) Conversion
Amount means the portion of the Principal, Interest, or other amounts outstanding under this Note to be converted, redeemed
or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made.

(r) 
Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

18

(s) 
Conversion Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

(t) 
Conversion Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

(u) 
Conversion Price shall initially mean, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, $10.00 (the Fixed
Price).

(v) 
Convertible Securities means any stock or securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock.

(w) Corporate
Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(g).

(x) 
Current Public Information Failure means either (x) the Company fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements
of Rule 144(c)(1) of the 1933 Act, including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirement
under Rule 144(c) of the 1933 Act or (y) the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) of
the 1933 Act or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) of
the 1933 Act.

(y) 
Dilutive Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

(z) 
Distributions shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (14).

(aa) DTC
shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (3)(b)(i).

(bb) 
Event Market Price means, with respect to any Stock Combination Event Date, the quotient determined by dividing (x) the
sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the five (5) Trading Days with the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the fifteen
(15) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day after
such Stock Combination Event Date, divided by (y) five (5).

(cc) 
Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (2)(a).

(dd) 
Event of Default Conversion Price means, with respect to any Event of Default, that price which shall be the lower
of (i) the then effective Conversion Price or (ii) ninety percent (90%) of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during
the 10 consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to the date that the Holder delivers a Conversion Notice anytime after the occurrence
of an Event of Default or an Event of Default Redemption Notice, as applicable, subject to the Floor Price.

(ee) 
Event of Default Interest Rate shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(ff) 
Event of Default Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (2)(b).

(gg) 
Event of Default Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (2)(b).

(hh) 
Event of Default Redemption Amount shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (2)(b).

(ii) 
Event of Default Redemption Floor Amount means an amount in cash, to be delivered by wire transfer of immediately
available funds pursuant to wire instructions delivered to the Company by the Holder in writing, equal to the product obtained by multiplying
(A) the VWAP on the day the Holder delivers the applicable Conversion Notice and (B) the difference obtained by subtracting
(I) the number of shares of Common Stock delivered (or to be delivered) to the Holder on the applicable Share Delivery Date with
respect to such Event of Default Redemption from (II) the quotient obtain by dividing (x) the applicable Event of Default Redemption
Amount that the Holder has elected to be the subject of the applicable Event of Default Redemption, by (y) the applicable Event of
Default Conversion Price without giving effect to clause (x) of such definition.

19

(jj) 
Event of Default Redemption Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (2)(b).

(kk) 
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(ll) 
Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(c)(ii).

(mm) 
Excluded Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock or options to purchase Common Stock issued to directors,
officers or employees of the Company for services rendered to the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan,
provided that (A) all such issuances (taking into account the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options) after
the date of the Purchase Agreement pursuant to this clause (i) do not, in the aggregate, exceed more than 5% of the Common Stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the date thereof and (B) the exercise price of any such options is not lowered, none
of such options are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such options
are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any Holder; (ii) shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion
or exercise of Convertible Securities (other than options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are
covered by clause (i) above) issued prior to the date of the Purchase Agreement, provided that the conversion, exercise or other
method of issuance (as the case may be) of any such Convertible Security is made solely pursuant to the conversion, exercise or other
method of issuance (as the case may be) provisions of such Convertible Security that were in effect on the date immediately prior to the
date of the Purchase Agreement, the conversion, exercise or issuance price of any such Convertible Securities (other than options to purchase
Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none of such Convertible
Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause
(i) above) are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible
Securities (other than options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above)
are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the Buyers; (iii) the shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to the terms of the Notes, including, without limitation, upon conversion or otherwise; (iv) any shares of Common Stock
issued or issuable in connection with any acquisitions (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of equity, purchase of assets, reorganization
or otherwise), mergers, consolidations, or reorganizations approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided
that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an
operating company or an owner of an asset in a business complementary with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, provided that such securities
are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit
the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith; and (iv) up to 174,358 shares of Common Stock currently held on
treasury.

(nn) 
Floor Price means the $0.7176 per share of Common Stock; provided, however, beginning on July 15,
2025 and on the same day of every six (6) months thereafter (each, a Floor Price Reset Date), the Floor Price
shall be adjusted (downwards only) to 20% of the average VWAP during the five (5) Trading Days immediately prior to such Floor Price
Reset Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may reduce the Floor Price to any amounts set forth in a written notice to the
Holder; provided that such reduction shall be irrevocable and shall not be subject to increase thereafter.

(oo) 
Governing Jurisdiction shall have the meaning set forth in Section (8)(a).

(pp) 
Financial Covenant Event Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (13)(n)(ii).

(qq) 
Financial Covenant Failure shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (13)(n)(ii).

(rr) 
Financial Test shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (13)(n)(i).

20

(ss) 
Fundamental Transaction means any of the following: (1) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the
Company with or into another Person and the Company is the non-surviving company (other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly owned
Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of redomiciling the Company), (2) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (3) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another
Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities,
cash or property, or (4) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to
which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property.

(tt) 
GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

(uu) 
Holder shall have the meaning set forth in the recital to this Note.

(vv) 
Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all
obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation, capital
leases in accordance with GAAP) (other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments,
(D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in
connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional
sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with
the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default
are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which,
in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness
referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right,
contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by
any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness,
and (H) all contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through
(G) above.

(ww) 
Independent Investigation shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (13)(r).

(xx) 
Interest shall have the meaning set forth in the recital to this Note.

(yy) 
Interest Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(zz) 
Interest Election Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(aaa) 
Interest Election Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(bbb) 
Interest Payment shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(ccc) 
Interest Rate shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(ddd) 
Issuance Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(eee) 
Liens shall have the meaning set forth in Section (13)(b).

(fff) 
Maturity Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(ggg) Monthly Compounding shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(b).

(hhh) 
Nasdaq shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(c)(ii).

(iii) 
New Issuance Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

(jjj) 
Note shall have the meaning set forth in the recital to this Note.

21

(kkk) 
Obligations means all amounts, indebtedness, obligations, liabilities, covenants and duties of every type and description
owing by the Company from time to time to the Holder under this Note, the Other Notes or any other Transaction Document, whether direct
or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, now existing
or hereafter arising and however acquired (regardless of whether acquired by assignment), whether or not evidenced by any note or other
instrument or for the payment of money, including, without duplication, (i) the principal amount of this Note and Other Notes owing
by the Company (including any Principal, Redemption Amount, Event of Default Redemption Amount, Payment Premium, Interest, or other
amounts when and as due under this Note or any other Transaction Document), (ii) all other amounts, interest (including the Interest
accruing at the Event of Default Interest Rate), liquidated damages, commissions, charges, costs, expenses, attorneys fees and
disbursements, indemnities, reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable to the Company under any Transaction Document or otherwise
arising under any Transaction Document and (iii) all interest on any item otherwise qualifying as Obligation hereunder,
whether or not accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or similar
proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding.

(lll) 
Optional Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(d).

(mmm) Other
Notes means any other notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and any other debentures, notes or other instruments
issued in exchange, replacement or modification of the foregoing.

(nnn) 
Payment Premium means 10% of the Principal amount being paid.

(ooo) Periodic Reports shall mean all of the Companys reports required to be filed by the Company with the Commission
under applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation S-K), including annual reports (on Form 10-K), quarterly
reports (on Form 10-Q), and current reports (on Form 8-K), for so long as any amounts are outstanding under this Note or any
Other Note; provided that all such Periodic Reports shall include, when filed, all information, financial statements, audit reports
(when applicable) and other information required to be included in such Periodic Reports in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

(ppp) Permitted Indebtedness means (i) Indebtedness obtained by the Company to acquire capital equipment and to finance
construction projects as described in the Companys business plan, (ii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens or unsecured
but as described in clauses (iv) and (v) of the definition of Permitted Liens and (iii) Indebtedness arising pursuant to
an accounts receivable and/or inventory factoring facility.

(qqq) Permitted
Investments means (i) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally
guaranteed by, the U.S. (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S.),
in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (ii) investments in commercial paper maturing within
270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from S&P
or from Moodys; (iii) investments in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within
180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered
by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof which has a combined capital
and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000; (iv) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not
more than 30 days for securities described in clause (i) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria
described in clause (iii) above; and (v) money market funds that (x) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and
Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (y) are rated AAA by S&P and AAA by Moodys
and (z) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000.

(rrr) Permitted
Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course
of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation
of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business
with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv) Liens
(A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment
or Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such
equipment at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon,
and the proceeds of such equipment, (v) Liens incurred in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness
secured by Liens of the type described in clause (iv) above, provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited
to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does
not increase, (vi) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties
in connection with the importation of goods, (vii) Liens arising from judgments, decrees or attachments in circumstances not constituting
an Event of Default under Section 4(a)(ix), (viii) Liens on accounts receivable and inventory to secure the Permitted Indebtedness
to the extent permitted by the applicable intercreditor agreement, (ix) second priority or junior Liens that are subordinate to the
Liens created by any security interest established in connection with the Purchase Agreement and its related documents, and (x) any
Liens required to ensure compliance with applicable laws or regulations governing wells, land leases, mineral rights, or similar obligations.

22

(sss) 
Person means a corporation, an association, a partnership, organization, a business, an individual, a government
or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

(ttt) 
Price Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the VWAP of the Common Stock on any Trading
Day during the twenty (20) Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding such date of determination fails to exceed
$0.05 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions occurring after
the Issuance Date). All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations
or other similar transactions during any such measuring period.

(uuu)
Primary Market means any of The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq
Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, and any successor to any of the foregoing markets or exchanges.

(vvv) 
Principal shall have the meaning set forth in the recital to this Note.

(www) Purchase
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recital to this Note.

(xxx) 
Redemption Amount shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(d).

(yyy) Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the Section (1)(d).

(zzz) Registration
Rights Agreement means the registration rights agreement entered into between the Company and the Holder on the date of the
Purchase Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time.

(aaaa) Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights
Agreement, covering among other things the resale of the Underlying Shares and naming the Holder as a selling stockholder
thereunder.

(bbbb) Required
Holder means Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of this Note, together with Other Notes, then outstanding.

(cccc) 
Required Reserve Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(d)(i).

(dddd) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(eeee) Security Agreement means the security agreement, dated December 6, 2024, by and among the Company, the Subsidiary
Guarantors and the Secured Parties (each as defined therein), as it may be amended from time to time.

23

(ffff) 
Security Document shall have the meaning set forth in Section (2)(xii).

(gggg) Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

(hhhh) Stock
Combination Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(g).

(iiii) 
Stock Combination Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(g).

(jjjj) 
Stockholder Approval shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

(kkkk) Subsidiary
shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds
a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business,
operations or administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

(llll) 
Trading Day means a day on which the Common Stock is quoted or traded on a Primary Market on which the Common Stock
is then quoted or listed; provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted, then Trading Day shall mean a Business
Day.

(mmmm) Transaction
Document means, each of the Other Notes, the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Security Agreement,
the Subsidiary Guarantee and any and all documents, agreements, instruments or other items executed or delivered in connection with any
of the foregoing.

(nnnn) Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company.

(oooo)
Underlying Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note or as payment of
interest in accordance with the terms hereof.

(pppp) Volume
Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the aggregate daily dollar trading volume (as reported on
Bloomberg) of the Common Stock on the Primary Market on any Trading Day during the twenty (20) Trading Day period ending on the Trading
Day immediately preceding such date of determination, is less than $1,000,000.

(qqqq) Volume
Limit means, the trading volume of the shares of Common Stock on the Primary Market during such Pricing Period as reported
by Bloomberg multiplied by 10%.

(rrrr) 
Volume Threshold shall mean a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) the number of shares
of Common Stock to be redeemed by the Company in pursuant to a Partial Redemption Notice divided by (b) 0.10.

(ssss) VWAP means, for any Trading Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such Trading Day
on the Primary Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P.

(tttt) 
WPA means the securities purchase agreement entered into between the Company and [____] on
the date of the Purchase Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

24

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized
officer as of the date set forth above.

COMPANY:

NEW ERA HELIUM INC.

By: 

Name: E. Will Gray II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Senior Secured Convertible
Promissory Note]

EXHIBIT I

CONVERSION NOTICE

(To be executed by the Holder in order to Convert
the Note)

TO: NEW ERA HELIUM INC.

Via Email:

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to convert a portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount of the Note into shares of Common Stock of NEW ERA HELIUM
INC., according to the conditions stated therein, as of the Conversion Date written below.

Conversion Date:

Principal Amount to be Converted:

Accrued Interest to be Converted:

Total Conversion Amount to be converted:

Fixed Price:

Applicable Conversion Price:

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:

Please issue shares of Common Stock in the following name and deliver them to the following account:

Issue to:

Broker DTC Participant Code:

Account Number:

Authorized Signature:

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm253803d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

New Era Helium and Sharon AI Finalize Newly Created Joint Venture,
Texas Critical Data Centers LLC, To Build 250MW Net-Zero Energy Data Center in the Permian Basin 

MIDLAND, TexasJanuary 21, 2025.
New Era Helium, Inc. (Nasdaq:NEHC) (NEH, New Era Helium or the Company), an exploration and
production (E&P) company sourcing helium produced in association with natural gas reserves within the Permian Basin, is pleased to
announce the finalization of its previously announced 50/50 joint venture (JV) with Sharon AI, Inc. (Sharon AI),
a High-Performance Computing business specializing in Artificial Intelligence, Cloud GPU Compute Infrastructure, and Cloud Storage. The
newly created joint venture, named Texas Criticial Data Centers (TCDC), LLC will be a collaboration to fund, develop, and
construct a cutting-edge 250MW net-zero energy data center within the Permian Basin.

A Groundbreaking Partnership for Clean Energy
and AI/HPC

In December 2024, the two companies executed
a binding letter of intent (LOI) to develop and operate a 250MW net-zero energy data center in the Permian Basin [read here].
This milestone agreement marks a significant leap in leveraging clean energy for AI/HPC-driven industries.

New Era Helium is currently negotiating with Texas
Critical Data Centers LLC a long term offtake gas supply agreement which is expected to be finalized within the next 30 days. The details
of the gas supply agreement will provide New Era Helium a fixed price for its natural gas over a five-year period plus three options of
an additional five years each, for a total of 20 years. This ensures the large-scale data center project will benefit from low-cost, net-zero
energy as well as long-term energy price stability, which makes the project strategically well positioned to address the rising energy
demands of AI/HPC workloads.

Texas Critical Data Centers LLC currently has
multiple sites identified within the Permian Basin that will allow it to access New Era Heliums natural gas via various existing
gas transmission lines while siting the data center in close proximity to existing fibre optic cable and associated infrastructure. It
is also working to identify the most efficient manner to access cetain 45Q Tax Credits associated with Carbon Capture Utilization and
Storage CCUS. The ability to capture the anthroprogenic CO2 and dispose of it will help make this data center
a true first of its kind.

The next major goal for this collaboration will
be the announcement of the final site selection of the 250MW net-zero energy data center. Both New Era Helium and Sharon AI expect this
to be announced in Q1 2025. Further announcements pertaining to other certain critical aspects of the joint venture will also be released
as they become available.

These next milestones will include certain entitlements
for the site, selection of power generation and CO2 capture technology, as well as ongoing conversations with offtake partners,
which may include hyperscalers and other large energy users.

E. Will Gray II, CEO of New Era Helium, Inc.
commented: The creation of Texas Critical Data Centers, LLC reflects our goal of building innovative energy infrastructure
to support the growing needs of the AI/HPC-driven digital world. By combining our expertise in helium and clean energy with Sharon AIs
cutting-edge computing technologies, were setting a new standard for sustainability and innovation.

Wolf Schubert, CEO of Sharon AI Inc. added:
We are excited to be rapidly progressing our Texas Critical Data Centers LLC joint venture with New Era Helium given the high
demand in the US for large-scale, low-cost, net-zero energy data centers, which are essential for powering AI/HPC workloads. 

About New Era Helium, Inc.

New Era Helium, Inc. is an exploration and production
company that sources helium produced in association with the production of natural gas reserves in North America. The company currently
owns and operates over 137,000 acres in Southeast New Mexico and has over 1.5 billion cubic feet of proved and probable helium reserves.
For more information, visit www.newerahelium.com. Follow New Era Helium on LinkedIn and X.

Investor
and Media Contact:

Investor
Relations

Jonathan.Paterson@harbor-access-com

Tel +1
475 477 9401

About Sharon AI, Inc 

Sharon AI, Inc., is a High-Performance Computing
company focused on Artificial Intelligence, Cloud GPU Compute Infrastructure & Data Storage. Sharon AI has a hybrid operational model
that sees it deploy in Tier III & Tier IV co-location data centers as well as design, build and operate its own proprietary specialized
data center facilities.

With the expected addition of NVIDIA H200s
to the companys GPU fleet in 2025, Sharon AI will be able to offer a wide range of AI/HPC GPUs as a Service (GPUaaS), including
NVIDIA H200, H100, L40S, A40, RTX3090 and AMD MI300X.

For GPU-as-a-Service sales enquiries, please
click here.

For more information, visit: www.sharonai.com

Media Contact: 

info@sharonai.com

Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Some of the statements in this press release may be forward-looking
statements or statements of future expectations based on currently available information. Such statements are naturally subject to risks
and uncertainties. Factors such as the development of general economic conditions, future market conditions, unusual catastrophic loss
events, changes in the capital markets and other circumstances may cause the actual events or results to be materially different from
those anticipated by such statements. The Company does not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy,
completeness or updated status of such statements. Therefore, in no case whatsoever will the Company and its affiliates be liable to anyone
for any decision made or action taken in conjunction with the information and/or statements in this press release or for any related damages.
There is no guarantee that New Era Helium and Texas Critical Data Centers LLC will actually enter into the long term offtake gas
supply agreement mentioned in this press release and materialize the benefits therefrom.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nehc-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nehc-20250116_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nehc-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Warrants [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nehc-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm253803d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42433

Entity Registrant Name NEW ERA HELIUM INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002028336

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-3749880

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 4501
Santa Rosa Dr.

Entity Address, City or Town Midland

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 79707

City Area Code 432

Local Phone Number 695-6997

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol NEHC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol NEHCW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NEHC_WarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://newerahelium.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nehc-20250116.xsd 
nehc-20250116_def.xml 
nehc-20250116_lab.xml 
nehc-20250116_pre.xml 
tm253803d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-004896-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm253803d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002028336 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0002028336 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0002028336 

NEHC:WarrantsMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002028336 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
NEW ERA HELIUM INC. 
NV 
001-42433 
99-3749880 
4501 Santa Rosa Dr. 
Midland 
TX 
79707 
432 
695-6997 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
NEHC 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
NEHCW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>