<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-049909.txt : 20250307
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-049909.hdr.sgml : 20250307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250307163041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-049909
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250307
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			J M SMUCKER Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED, FRUITS, VEG & PRESERVES, JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				340538550
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05111
		FILM NUMBER:		25720592

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE STRAWBERRY LANE
		CITY:			ORRVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44667
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3306823000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE STRAWBERRY LANE
		CITY:			ORRVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44667

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMUCKER J M CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d936517d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

J M SMUCKER Cofalse000009141900000914192025-03-072025-03-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 7, 2025

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ohio 001-05111 34-0538550

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

One Strawberry Lane 

Orrville, Ohio 44667-0280

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (330)682-3000

Not Applicable

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common shares, no par value SJM New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ((240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Term Loan Agreement 

On March 7, 2025, The J. M. Smucker Company (the Company) entered into that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement (the Term Loan Agreement) with the various lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders (the Term Loan Agent). 

The Term Loan Agreement provides for an unsecured $650.0 million term credit facility that matures on March 7, 2027. The proceeds of the borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement will be used to finance the repayment, in part, of the $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Companys 3.50% Senior Notes due March 15, 2025 (the Senior Note Repayment). The Company intends to finance the remainder of the Senior Note Repayment with cash on hand and borrowings under the Companys commercial paper program. 

The Companys borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement will bear interest, at the Companys option, at either a base rate or a Term SOFR rate, in each case plus an applicable margin. The base rate for borrowings is a rate equal to the greatest of (i) the Term Loan Agents prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the Term SOFR rate plus 1.00%. Under the Term Loan Agreement, the applicable margin on base rate loans is 0.00% and the applicable margin on Term SOFR rate loans is 1.00%. 

Under the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending after the date of the Term Loan Agreement, the Company must maintain a ratio of EBITDA to cash interest expense (the interest coverage ratio) of at least 3.50 to 1.00. 

The Term Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Term Loan Agreement also contains certain customary events of default. Subject to certain qualifications, if an event of default under the Term Loan Agreement has occurred and is continuing, the Term Loan Agent may declare that the loans and any accrued interest are due and payable by the Company. 

Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates have various relationships with the Company and its subsidiaries involving the provision of financial services, including investment banking, commercial banking, advisory, cash management, custody and trust services for which they receive customary fees and may do so in the future. 

A copy of the Term Loan Agreement is included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Term Loan Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Term Loan Agreement. 

Revolving Credit Agreement 

On March 7, 2025, the Company and its subsidiary, Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. (the Canadian Borrower), and certain U.S. subsidiaries of the Company designated from time to time as borrowers (the Designated Borrowers) entered into that certain Revolving Credit Agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement) with the various lenders named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders (the Revolving Agent). 

The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that matures on March 7, 2030. The proceeds of the borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement will be used to refinance certain existing indebtedness, for general corporate and working capital purposes and to fund certain fees and expenses relating to the Revolving Credit Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company will guarantee all obligations of the Canadian Borrower and the Designated Borrowers under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement are available to the Company and the Designated Borrowers in U.S. Dollars and Euros and available to the Canadian Borrower in Canadian Dollars. 

2 

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement will bear interest, at the Companys option, at either a base rate or a Term SOFR rate (in the case of U.S. Dollar-denominated loans), at a Term CORRA rate (in the case of Canadian Dollar-denominated loans), or at a EURIBOR rate (in the case of Euro-denominated loans), in each case plus an applicable margin. The base rate for borrowings is a rate equal to the greatest of (i) the Revolving Agents prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (iii) the Term SOFR rate plus 1.00%. Under the Revolving Credit Agreement, the applicable margins on base rate loans range from 0.000% to 0.300% and the applicable margins on Term SOFR, Term CORRA and EURIBOR rate loans range from 0.795% to 1.300%, in each case based on the Companys long-term unsecured senior debt rating. 

Under the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending after the date of the Revolving Credit Agreement, the Company must maintain a ratio of EBITDA to cash interest expense (the interest coverage ratio) of at least 3.50 to 1.00. 

The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Revolving Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default. Subject to certain qualifications, if an event of default under the Revolving Credit Agreement has occurred and is continuing, the Revolving Agent may terminate the commitments to lend under the Revolving Credit Agreement and declare that outstanding loans and any accrued interest and fees are due and payable by the applicable borrowers. 

Several of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Agreement and their affiliates have various relationships with the Company and its subsidiaries involving the provision of financial services, including investment banking, commercial banking, advisory, cash management, custody and trust services for which they receive customary fees and may do so in the future. 

A copy of the Revolving Credit Agreement is included as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Revolving Credit Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Revolving Credit Agreement. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The disclosure contained in Item 1.01 above is incorporated in this Item 2.03 by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

10.1 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent.

10.2 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025, among the Company, the Canadian Borrower and certain other subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto, as borrowers, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent.

104 The cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

3 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

Date: March 7, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jeannette L. Knudsen

Name: Jeannette L. Knudsen

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d936517dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT

DATEDASOF MARCH 7, 2025 

AMONG

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY, 

AS BORROWER, 

BANKOF AMERICA, N.A., 

AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

AND

THE LENDERSFROMTIMETOTIMEPARTIESHERETO

BOFA
SECURITIES, INC., 

AS SOLE LEAD ARRANGERAND SOLE BOOKRUNNER. 

TABLEOF CONTENTS

SECTION HEADING PAGE 

SECTION 1. The Credit Facilities 1 

Section 1.1. Loans 1 

Section 1.2. [Reserved] 1 

Section 1.3. [Reserved] 1 

Section 1.4. Applicable Interest Rates 1 

Section 1.5. Minimum Borrowing Amounts; Maximum Term SOFR Loans 2 

Section 1.6. Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Applicable Interest Rates 2 

Section 1.7. [Reserved] 4 

Section 1.8. Repayment of Loans 4 

Section 1.9. Prepayments 5 

Section 1.10. Default Rate 5 

Section 1.11. Evidence of Indebtedness 5 

Section 1.12. Funding Indemnity 6 

Section 1.13. Commitment Terminations 7 

Section 1.14. Substitution of Lenders 7 

Section 1.15. Defaulting Lenders 8 

SECTION 2. [Reserved] 9 

SECTION 3. Place and Application of Payments 9 

Section 3.1. Place and Application of Payments 9 

SECTION 4. [Reserved] 10 

SECTION 5. Definitions; Interpretation 10 

Section 5.1. Definitions 10 

Section 5.2. Interpretation 29 

Section 5.3. Change in Accounting Principles 29 

SECTION 6. Representations and Warranties 30 

Section 6.1. Organization and Qualification 30 

Section 6.2. Authority and Validity of Obligations 30 

Section 6.3. Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock 31 

Section 6.4. Financial Reports 31 

Section 6.5. No Material Adverse Change 31 

Section 6.6. Full Disclosure 31 

Section 6.7. Governmental Authority and Licensing 32 

Section 6.8. Litigation and Other Controversies 32 

Section 6.9. Approvals 32 

Section 6.10. Investment Company 32 

Section 6.11. OFAC 32 

Section 6.12. FCPA; USA Patriot Act 33 

- PAGE i -

SECTION 7. Conditions Precedent 33 

Section 7.1. Closing Date Borrowing 33 

Section 7.2. Conditions to Effectiveness 34 

SECTION 8. Covenants 35 

Section 8.1. Maintenance of Business 35 

Section 8.2. Maintenance of Properties 35 

Section 8.3. Taxes and Assessments 35 

Section 8.4. Insurance 36 

Section 8.5. Financial Reports 36 

Section 8.6. Inspection 38 

Section 8.7. Debt 38 

Section 8.8. Liens 39 

Section 8.9. Mergers, Consolidations and Sales 40 

Section 8.10. Compliance with Laws 41 

Section 8.11. Compliance with Sanctions and the FCPA 42 

Section 8.12. Use of Proceeds 42 

Section 8.13. Financial Covenant 43 

SECTION 9. Events of Default and Remedies 43 

Section 9.1. Events of Default 43 

Section 9.2. Non-Bankruptcy Defaults 44 

Section 9.3. Bankruptcy Defaults 45 

SECTION 10. Change in Circumstances 45 

Section 10.1. Change of Law 45 

Section 10.2. Inability to Determine Rates 45 

Section 10.3. Increased Cost and Reduced Return 48 

Section 10.4. Lending Offices 49 

Section 10.5. Discretion of Lender as to Manner of Funding 50 

SECTION 11. The Administrative Agent 50 

Section 11.1. Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent 50 

Section 11.2. Administrative Agent and its Affiliates 50 

Section 11.3. Action by Administrative Agent 50 

Section 11.4. Consultation with Experts 51 

Section 11.5. Liability of Administrative Agent; Credit Decision 51 

Section 11.6. Indemnity 52 

Section 11.7. Resignation of Administrative Agent and Successor Administrative Agent 52 

Section 11.8. [Reserved] 53 

Section 11.9. Designation of Additional Agents 53 

Section 11.10. Certain ERISA Matters 53 

Section 11.11. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 54 

Section 11.12. Recovery of Erroneous Payments 55 

ii 

SECTION 12. [RESERVED] 55 

SECTION 13. Miscellaneous 55 

Section 13.1. Taxes 55 

Section 13.2. No Waiver, Cumulative Remedies 60 

Section 13.3. Non-Business Days 61 

Section 13.4. [Reserved] 61 

Section 13.5. Survival of Representations 61 

Section 13.6. Survival of Indemnities 61 

Section 13.7. Sharing of Set-Off 61 

Section 13.8. Notices 62 

Section 13.9. Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 63 

Section 13.10. Successors and Assigns 64 

Section 13.11. Participants 65 

Section 13.12. Assignments 65 

Section 13.13. Amendments 68 

Section 13.14. Headings 68 

Section 13.15. Costs and Expenses; Indemnification 69 

Section 13.16. Set-off 70 

Section 13.17. Entire Agreement 70 

Section 13.18. Governing Law 70 

Section 13.19. Severability of Provisions 71 

Section 13.20. Excess Interest 71 

Section 13.21. Construction 71 

Section 13.22. Lenders Obligations Several 72 

Section 13.23. [Reserved] 72 

Section 13.24. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 72 

Section 13.25. USA Patriot Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation; Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) 72 

Section 13.26. Confidentiality 72 

Section 13.27. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 73 

Section 13.28. No Fiduciary Duty 74 

Section 13.29. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 74 

EXHIBIT A [Reserved]

EXHIBIT B Form of Notice of Borrowing

EXHIBIT C Form of Notice of Continuation/Conversion

EXHIBIT D Form of Promissory Note

EXHIBIT E Form of Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT F [Reserved]

EXHIBIT G Form of Assignment and Acceptance

iii 

EXHIBIT H [Reserved]

EXHIBIT I-1 I-4 Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

EXHIBIT J Form of Solvency Certificate

SCHEDULE 1 Commitments

SCHEDULE 8.7 Existing Indebtedness and Guaranties

iv 

TERM LOAN AGREEMENT

This Term Loan Credit Agreement is entered into as of March 7, 2025, by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the
Borrower), Bank of America, N.A. (Bank of America), as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders. All capitalized terms used
herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms are defined in Section 5.1 hereof. 

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires to obtain the Term Facility, and the Lenders are willing to provide the Term Facility on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements
contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. THE CREDIT FACILITIES. 

Section 1.1.Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender, by its acceptance hereof,
severally agrees to make a loan (each a Loan and collectively for all the Lenders the Loans) in U.S. Dollars to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount up to the
amount of such Lenders Commitment, subject to any reductions thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, in a single drawing on the Closing Date. The Borrowing of Loans shall be made ratably from each of the Lenders in proportion to their respective
Applicable Percentage. As provided in Section 1.6(a) hereof, the Borrower may elect that each Borrowing of Loans be either Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans. Loans borrowed under this Section 1.1
and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 

Section 1.2. [Reserved]. 

Section 1.3. [Reserved]. 

Section 1.4.Applicable Interest Rates. (a) . Base Rate Loans. Each Base Rate Loan made or
maintained by a Lender shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and shall bear interest (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and the actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such
Loan is advanced, or created by conversion from a Term SOFR Loan, until repaid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect, payable by the Borrower on each Interest Payment Date
and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise), provided that interest shall not accrue on any Loan (or portion thereof) for the day such Loan (or portion thereof) is paid as provided in Section 3.1. 

1 

(b) Term SOFR Loans. Each Term SOFR Loan made or maintained by a Lender shall be
denominated in U.S. Dollars and shall bear interest during each Interest Period it is outstanding (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced or
continued, or created by conversion from a Base Rate Loan, until repaid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus Term SOFR applicable for such Interest Period, payable by the Borrower on each Interest Payment Date and at
maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise), provided that interest shall not accrue on any Loan (or portion thereof) for the day such Loan (or portion) is paid as provided in Section 3.1. 

(c) [Reserved] 

(d) [Reserved]

(e) Rate Determinations; Determinations of Original Dollar Amount. The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate
applicable to the Loans hereunder based on the foregoing, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive and binding except in the case of manifest error. 

(f) [Reserved] 

(g) The
Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Term
SOFR, or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without
limitation, any Successor Rate) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. 

Section 1.5.Minimum Borrowing Amounts; Maximum Term SOFR Loans. Each Borrowing of Base Rate Loans shall be
in an amount not less than $1,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $100,000. Each Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans advanced, continued or converted shall be in an amount equal to $5,000,000 or such greater amount which is an
integral multiple of $1,000,000. Without the Administrative Agents consent, there shall not be more than ten (10) Borrowings of Term SOFR Loans outstanding hereunder. 

Section 1.6. Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Applicable Interest Rates. (a) Notice to the
Administrative Agent. When requesting a Borrowing of Loans, the Borrower shall give notice to the AdministrativeAgent by no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time): (i) at least two (2) Business Days before the date on
which the Borrower requests the Lenders to advance a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans and (ii) on the date the Borrower requests the Lenders to advance a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. The Loans included in each Borrowing shall bear interest
initially at the type of rate specified in such notice of a new Borrowing. Thereafter, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may from time to time elect to change or continue the type of interest rate borne by each Borrowing
obtained by it hereunder or, subject to the minimum amount requirement for each outstanding Borrowing set forth in Section 1.5 hereof, a ratable portion thereof, as follows: (i) if such Borrowing is of Term SOFR Loans, the
Borrower may continue part or all of such Borrowing as Term SOFR Loans or convert part or all of such Borrowing into Base Rate Loans and (ii) if such Borrowing is of Base Rate Loans, the Borrower may convert all or part of such Borrowing into
Term SOFR Loans for an Interest Period or Interest 

2 

Periods specified by the Borrower; provided that, any continuation or conversion of Term SOFR Loans other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto shall be subject to
Section 1.12. The Borrower shall give all such notices requesting the advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing to the AdministrativeAgent by telephone, telecopy or other telecommunication device acceptable
to the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably) (which notice shall (except in the case of a notice of initial
borrowing) be irrevocable once given and, if by telephone, shall be promptly confirmed in writing), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (Notice of Borrowing) or Exhibit C (Notice
of Continuation/Conversion), as applicable, or in such other form acceptable to the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent, acting
reasonably), appropriately completed and signed by an Authorized Representative of the Borrower. Notice of the continuation of a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans for an additional Interest Period or of the conversion of part or all of a Borrowing of
Base Rate Loans into Term SOFR Loans must be given by no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least two (2) Business Days before the date of the requested continuation or conversion. All such notices concerning the advance,
continuation or conversion of a Borrowing shall specify the date of the requested advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Borrowing to be advanced, continued or converted, the
type of Loans to comprise such new, continued or converted Borrowing and, if such Borrowing is to be comprised of Term SOFR Loans, the Interest Period applicable thereto; provided that, if no Interest Period is selected, the Borrower shall be
deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. Upon written notice to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent acting at the written direction of the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a Specified Event of Default, without notice), no
Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans shall be advanced or created by conversion, and no Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans shall be continued, if any Event of Default then exists. The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may rely on any such telephonic,
telecopy, or other telecommunication notice given by any person the Administrative Agent in good faith believes is an Authorized Representative without the necessity of independent investigation, and in the event any such notice by telephone
conflicts with any written confirmation such telephonic notice shall govern if the Administrative Agent has acted in good faith reliance thereon. 

(b) Notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephonic, telecopy or other telecommunication notice to each
Lender of any notice from the Borrower received pursuant to Section 1.6(a) above and the Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Borrower and each Lender by like means of the interest rate applicable thereto promptly
after the Administrative Agent has made such determination. 

(c) Borrowers Failure to Notify. If the Borrower
fails to give notice pursuant to Section 1.6(a) above of the continuation or conversion of any outstanding principal amount of a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans before the last day of its then current Interest Period within
the period required by Section 1.6(a) and such Borrowing is not prepaid in accordance with Section 1.9, such Borrowing shall automatically be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. 

3 

(d) Disbursement of Loans. Not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the
Closing Date, subject to Section 7.1 hereof, each Lender shall make available its Loan comprising part of such Borrowing in funds immediately available at the principal office of the Administrative Agent in Charlotte, North
Carolina (or at such other location as the Administrative Agent shall designate). The Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of such Borrowing available to the Borrower at the Administrative Agents principal office in Charlotte, North
Carolina (or at such other location as the Administrative Agent shall designate), by depositing or wire transferring such proceeds to the credit of the Borrowers Designated Disbursement Account or as the Borrower may otherwise designate to the
Administrative Agent. 

(e) Administrative Agent Reliance on Lender Funding. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been
notified by a Lender prior to (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans requested on a same day basis, by 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on) the date on which such Lender is scheduled to make payment to the Administrative Agent of the
proceeds of a Loan (which notice shall be effective upon receipt) that such Lender does not intend to make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such payment when due and the Administrative Agent may in reliance
upon such assumption (but shall not be required to) make available to the Borrower the proceeds of the Loan to be made by such Lender and, if any Lender has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, such Lender shall, on demand, pay
to the Administrative Agent the amount made available to the Borrower attributable to such Lender together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was made available to the Borrower and
ending on (but excluding) the date such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent at a rate per annum equal to: (i) from the date the related advance was made by the Administrative Agent to the date two (2) Business Days after
payment by such Lender is due hereunder, the Federal Funds Rate for each such day, and (ii) from the date two (2) Business Days after the date such payment is due from such Lender to the date such payment is made by such Lender, the Base
Rate in effect for each such day. If such amount is not received from such Lender by the Administrative Agent immediately upon demand, the Borrower will, on demand, repay to the Administrative Agent the proceeds of the Loan attributable to such
Lender with interest thereon at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan, but without such payment being considered a payment or prepayment of a Loan for purposes of Section 1.12 hereof so
that the Borrower will have no liability under such Section with respect to such payment. 

(f) Failure to Satisfy Conditions
Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.6, and such funds are not made available to the
Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7.1 hereof are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in
like funds as received from such Lender) promptly to such Lender, without interest. 

Section 1.7. [Reserved].

Section 1.8.Repayment of Loans. The unpaid principal amount of the Loans will be payable on the
Maturity Date. The Borrower will pay the principal amount of the Loans made to the Borrower and the accrued interest on each such Loan in U.S. Dollars. 

4 

Section 1.9.Prepayments. The Borrower may prepay in
whole or in part, without premium or penalty (but, if in part, then: (i) if such Borrowing is of Base Rate Loans, in an amount not less than $1,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $100,000, (ii) if such
Borrowing is of Term SOFR Loans, in an amount not less than $5,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and (iii) in each case, in an amount such that the minimum amount required for a Borrowing pursuant to
Section 1.5 hereof remains outstanding), any Borrowing on the last day of the Interest Period therefor and at any other time upon (A) in the case of a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, two (2) Business Days prior
notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or (B) in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, notice delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of prepayment
(or, in any case of clauses (A) and (B) above, notice delivered upon such shorter period of time then agreed to by the Administrative Agent), such prepayment to be made by (x) payment of the principal amount to be prepaid,
(y) payment of accrued interest and fees thereon to the date fixed for prepayment and (z) in the case of any Term SOFR Loans, payment of any amounts due the Lenders under Section 1.12 hereof. A notice of
prepayment delivered by the Borrower may state that the prepayment contemplated thereby is subject to the effectiveness or funding of other credit facilities, the completion of any debt or equity offering or the completion of any other corporate
transaction or event that will provide the proceeds for such repayment or otherwise result in such prepayment being required hereunder. 

Section 1.10.Default Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while any Event
of Default under Section 9.1(a), (j) or (k) exists, the Borrower shall pay on demand, after written notice from the Administrative Agent sent at the written direction of the Required Lenders (provided no such
notice or Required Lender direction to send such notice shall be required in the case of a Specified Event of Default), interest (after as well as before entry of judgment thereon to the extent permitted by law) on the principal amount of all Loans
and other amounts owed by the Borrower under the Loan Documents, from the date of such written notice (or, in the case of a Specified Event of Default, the date of such Specified Event of Default) at a rate per annum equal to (the
Default Rate): 

(a) for any Base Rate Loan, the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable Margin plus the
Base Rate from time to time in effect; and 

(b) for any Term SOFR Loan, the sum of 2.0% plus the rate of interest in effect thereon
at the time of such default until the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and, thereafter, the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect. 

If any principal amount of any Loan is not paid when due (a Principal Payment Default) such principal amount shall bear interest at
the rates specified in subsections (a) and (b) above until paid in full. 

Section 1.11.Evidence of Indebtedness. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made to the Borrower by such Lender
from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

5 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record
(i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder
and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lenders share thereof. 

(c) The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall be prima facie evidence
of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, however,that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the
obligation of the Borrower to repay its Obligations in accordance with their terms. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such
matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 

(d) Any Lender may request
that its Loans to the Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note of the Borrower in the form of Exhibit D (referred to herein as a Note and collectively as the Notes). In such event, the
Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender or its registered assigns. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note or Notes and interest thereon shall at all times (including after any assignment
pursuant to Section 13.12) be represented by one or more Notes of the Borrower payable to the order of the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to Section 13.12, except to the extent that
any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note to the Borrower for cancellation. 

Section 1.12.Funding Indemnity. If any Lender shall incur any loss, cost or expense (including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or re-employment of deposits or
other funds acquired by such Lender to fund or maintain any Term SOFR Loanor the relending or reinvesting of such deposits or amounts paid or prepaid to such Lender, but excluding loss of anticipated profits) as a result of: 

(a) any payment, prepayment or conversion of a Term SOFR Loan on a date other than the last day of its Interest Period (whether voluntary,
mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise, but excluding any prepayment or conversion required pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof), 

(b) any failure (other than due to a Lender failing to fund or convert a properly requested Loan when the Borrower has met the conditions of
Section 7.1 herein) by the Borrower to borrow or continue a Term SOFR Loan, or to convert a Base Rate Loan into a Term SOFR Loan on the date specified in a notice given pursuant to
Section 1.6(a)hereof (including any notice that is subsequently revoked), or 

6 

(c) any failure by the Borrower to make any payment of principal on any Term SOFR Loan when
due (whether by acceleration or otherwise, including when specified in a notice given pursuant to Section 1.9 hereof), 

then,
upon the demand of such Lender, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such amount as will reimburse such Lender for such loss, cost or expense. If any Lender makes such a claim for compensation, it shall provide to the Borrower, with a copy to the
Administrative Agent, a certificate setting forth the amount of such loss, cost or expense in reasonable detail and the amounts shown on such certificate shall be conclusive if reasonably deemed prime facie correct. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Lender shall be entitled to claim any amounts pursuant to this Section 1.12, unless such Lender is then generally claiming or generally will claim such amounts in similar circumstances under comparable credit facilities with
similar provisions to this Section 1.12 to which it is a party with borrowers that are similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrower. 

Section 1.13.Commitment Terminations. (a) Optional Commitment Terminations. The Borrower shall
have the right at any time and from time to time, upon three (3) Business Days prior written notice (which shall be received no later than 12:00 Noon (New York City time) and which notice may be conditioned on the occurrence of one or more
events specified therein) to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent), to terminate the Commitments without premium or penalty and in whole or in part, any partial termination to be (i) in
an amount not less than $10,000,000and (ii) allocated ratably among the Lenders in proportion to their respective Applicable Percentages. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to each Lender of any such termination of the
Commitments. A notice of commitment termination delivered by the Borrower may state that the termination contemplated thereby is subject to the effectiveness or funding of other credit facilities, the completion of any debt or equity offering or the
satisfaction of any other condition specified therein. 

(b) Mandatory Commitment Terminations. Any then-outstanding Commitments
shall automatically terminate on the earlier of (i) the date that is 30 days after the Effective Date, provided that, if such date is not a Business Day, then such Commitments shall automatically terminate on the immediately preceding
Business Day and (ii) with respect to each Lender, its funding of the Loans on the Closing Date in accordance with this Agreement. 

(c) Any Commitments terminated pursuant to this Section 1.13 may not be reinstated. 

Section 1.14.Substitution of Lenders. In the event (a) any Lender becomes entitled to compensation
under Section 10.3 or 13.1 hereof and such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 10.4 or Section 13.1
that eliminates its current entitlement to compensation under Section 10.3 or 13.1, as applicable, (b) the Borrower receives notice from any Lender of any illegality pursuant to
Section 10.1 hereof, (c) any Lender is then a Defaulting Lender or such Lender is a Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Person who has been deemed insolvent or becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or a
receiver or conservator or like Person has been appointed for any such Person, (d) [reserved] or (e) a Lender fails to consent to an amendment or waiver requested under Section 13.13 hereof at a time when the
Required Lenders have approved such amendment or waiver (any such Lender 

7 

referred to in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above being hereinafter referred to as an Affected Lender), the Borrower may, in addition to any other rights
the Borrower may have hereunder or under applicable law, require, at the Borrowers expense, any such Affected Lender to assign, at par (plus any accrued and unpaid fees and interest), without recourse, all of its interest, rights, and
obligations hereunder (including all of its Commitments, Loans and other amounts at any time owing to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) to an Eligible Assignee specified by the Borrower, provided that (i) such assignment
is not prohibited by any law, rule or regulation or order of any court or other Governmental Authority applicable to such Affected Lender, (ii) the Borrower shall have paid to the Affected Lender all monies (together with amounts due such
Affected Lender under Section 1.12 hereof as if the Loans owing to it were prepaid rather than assigned and any amounts due such Lender under Sections 10.3 and 13.1 hereof) other than such principal and
accrued and unpaid fees and interest owing to it hereunder, (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from an entitlement to compensation under Section 10.3 or 13.1 hereof, the Eligible Assignee will be
entitled to less compensation under such Section 10.3 or 13.1 than the Affected Lender, and (iv) the assignment is entered into in accordance with, and subject to the consents required by,
Section 13.12 hereof (provided that any assignment fees and reimbursable expenses due thereunder shall be paid by the Borrower (or as otherwise agreed)). 

Section 1.15.Defaulting Lenders. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in
the event that any Lender at any time is a Defaulting Lender, then: 

(a) during any Defaulting Lender Period with respect to such
Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender for purposes of voting on any matters (including the granting of any consents or waivers) with respect to any of the Loan Documents and such Defaulting
Lenders Commitments shall be excluded for purposes of determining Required Lenders (provided that the foregoing shall not permit an increase in, or extension of, such Lenders Commitments or an extension of the Maturity
Date with respect to such Lenders Loans or postponement of any other date for any scheduled payment of any principal of such Lenders Loans or other Obligations without such Lenders consent); 

(b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender
(whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 9 or otherwise), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any
amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to be held as cash collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender; third, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or
Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fourth, to the payment of any
amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement;
fifth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result
of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of

8 

the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth
in Section 7.1 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment
of any Loans of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this
Section 1.15(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; and 

(c) no Commitment of any Lender shall be increased or extended and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Section 1.15, performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified as a result of the operation of this
Section 1.15. The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under this Section 1.15 are in addition to other rights and remedies which the Borrower may have against such Defaulting Lender and
which the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 

SECTION 2. [RESERVED] 

SECTION 3. PLACEAND APPLICATIONOF PAYMENTS. 

Section 3.1.Place and Application of Payments. All payments of principal of and interest on the Loans, and
of all other Obligations payable by the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall be made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent by no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the due date thereof at the office
of the Administrative Agent in Charlotte, North Carolina (or such other location as the Administrative Agent may designate to the Borrower), for the benefit of the Lender(s) entitled thereto. Any payments received after such time shall be deemed to
have been received by the Administrative Agent on the next Business Day. All such payments shall be made in U.S. Dollars in immediately available funds at the place of payment, in each case free and clear of and without condition or deduction for
any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of any amount payable to any Lender to such Lender, in each case to be applied in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the
Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. 

With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent
determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment;
(2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the
Lenders severally agrees to repay to the 

9 

Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is
distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender with respect to any amount owing under the immediately preceding paragraph shall be
conclusive, absent manifest error. 

Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding (including, without limitation,
Section 1.9 hereof), all payments and collections received in respect of the Obligations by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders after acceleration or the final maturity of the Obligations shall be remitted to the
Administrative Agent and distributed as follows: 

(a) first, to the payment of any outstanding costs and expenses incurred by the
Administrative Agent, in protecting, preserving or enforcing rights under the Loan Documents, and in any event including all costs and expenses of a character which the Borrower has agreed to pay the Administrative Agent under
Section 13.15 hereof (such funds to be retained by the Administrative Agent for its own account unless it has previously been reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Lenders, in which event such amounts shall be
remitted to the Lenders to reimburse them for payments theretofore made to the Administrative Agent); 

(b) second, to the payment of any
outstanding interest and fees due from the Borrower under the Loan Documents to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid amounts owing to each holder thereof; 

(c) third, to the payment of principal on the Loans, to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid amounts owing to each
holder thereof; 

(d) fourth, to the payment of all other unpaid Obligations to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate
unpaid amounts owing to each holder thereof; and 

(e) finally, to the Borrower or whoever else may be lawfully entitled thereto. 

SECTION 4. [RESERVED]. 

SECTION 5.
DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION. 

Section 5.1.Definitions. The following terms
when used herein shall have the following meanings: 

1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10 

Acquisition means any transaction or series of related
transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the
capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or equity of any Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary), or otherwise causing any Person to become a Subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination
with another Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary) provided that the Borrower or a Subsidiary (or a Person that becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) is the surviving entity. 

Acquisition Indebtedness means any indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that has been issued for
the purpose of financing, in whole or in part, a Material Acquisition and any related transactions (including for the purpose of refinancing or replacing all or a portion of any pre-existing indebtedness
(including any revolving loans) of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Person(s) or assets to be acquired); provided that (a) the release of the proceeds thereof to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is contingent upon the
consummation of such Material Acquisition and, pending such release, such proceeds are held in escrow (and, if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document) for such Material
Acquisition is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation of such Material Acquisition or if such Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such
indebtedness, such proceeds shall be promptly applied to satisfy and discharge all obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of such indebtedness) or (b) such indebtedness contains a special mandatory redemption
provision (or other similar provision) or otherwise permits such indebtedness to be redeemed or prepaid if such Material Acquisition is not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such indebtedness (and if the
definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document) for such Material Acquisition is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation of such Material Acquisition or if such
Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such indebtedness, such indebtedness is so redeemed or prepaid within 90 days of such termination or such specified date, as the case
may be). 

Administrative Agentmeans Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent
hereunder, and any successor in such capacity pursuant to Section 11.7 hereof. 

Administrative
Questionnairemeans an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial
Institution. 

Affected Lender is defined in Section 1.14 hereof. 

Affiliate means any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common
control with, another Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person for purposes of this definition if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the
other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, common directors, trustees or officers, by contract or otherwise. 

11 

Agent Parties is defined in Section 13.8
hereof. 

Agreement means this Term Loan Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified, amended and
restated or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 

Applicable Margin means a per annum
rate equal to (a) with respect to Base Rate Loans, 0.00% and (b) with respect to Term SOFR Loans, 1.00%. 

Applicable Percentage means, for each Lender, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place)
of the aggregate Commitments represented by such Lenders Commitment or, if the Commitments have been terminated, the percentage held by such Lender of the aggregate principal amount of all Loans then-outstanding. 

Approved Fundmeans any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a
Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Assignment and
Acceptance means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 13.12 hereof), and accepted by the
Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit G or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Authorized Representative means those persons shown on the list of officers provided by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 7.2(f) hereof or on any update of any such list provided by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or any further or different officers of the Borrower so named by any previously named Authorized Representative
of the Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent, or, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Section 1, any other officer or employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers
in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by
the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the
implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part
I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions
or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bank of
America is defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

12 

Base Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the
greatest of: (a) the rate of interest publicly announced by the Administrative Agent from time to time as its prime rate, or its equivalent, for U.S. Dollar loans to borrowers located in the United States as in effect on such
day, with any change in the Base Rate resulting from a change in said prime rate to be effective as of opening of business on the date specified in the public announcement of the relevant change in said prime rate (it being acknowledged and agreed
that such rate may not be the Administrative Agents best or lowest rate, and the prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic
conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate), (b) the sum of (i) the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate (the Federal Funds Rate); provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be
deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement, plus (ii) 1/2 of 1%, and (c) Term SOFR for such day plus 1.00%; provided that if the Base Rate shall be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed 1.00% for purposes of this
Agreement. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 10.2 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference
to clause (c) above. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate specified in
Section 1.4(a) hereof. 

Basel III Rules is defined in
Section 10.1 hereof. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification
regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation
means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as
defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

BHC
Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Borroweris defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

Borrower Materials is defined in Section 8.5 hereof. 

Borrowing means the total of Loans of a single type advanced, continued for an additional Interest Period, or
converted from a different type into such type by the Lenders on a single date and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, for a single Interest Period. Borrowings of Loans are made and maintained ratably from each of the Lenders according to their
Applicable Percentages. A Borrowing is advanced on the day Lenders advance funds comprising such Borrowing to the Borrower, is continued on the date a new Interest Period for the same type of Loans commences for
such Borrowing, and is converted when such Borrowing is changed from one type of Loans to the other, all as determined pursuant to Section 1.6 hereof. 

13 

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on
which banks are not authorized or required to close in New York City, New York and, if the applicable Business Day relates to the advance or continuation of, or conversion into, or payment of a Term SOFR Loan, any fundings, disbursements,
settlements and payments in U.S. Dollars in respect of any such Term SOFR Loan, or any other dealings in U.S. Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Term SOFR Loan, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

Canadian Pension Plan means a pension plan required to be registered under Canadian federal or provincial law that
is maintained or contributed to by the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries for their employees or former employees, or that the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries have any liability or contingent liability, but does not include the Canada Pension
Plan or the Quebec Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Quebec, respectively. 

Capital
Lease means any lease of Property which in accordance with GAAP is required to be recorded, classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease or finance lease. 

Capitalized Lease Obligation means, for any Person, the amount of the liability shown on the balance sheet of such
Person in respect of a Capital Lease determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Change of Control means 

(a) the acquisition of ownership or voting control, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, on or after the Effective Date, by any
Person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 1934 Act, as then in effect) of shares representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate Ordinary
Voting Power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Borrower; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to acquisitions of capital stock by the Smucker Family so long as the acquisition by the Smucker
Family of such Voting Power shall not result, directly or indirectly, in a going private transaction within the meaning of the 1934 Act; 

(b) the occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither
(i) nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated; or 

(c) the sale or
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, to any Person or group (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 1934 Act, as then in effect), in each case, other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

14 

For purposes of this definition, Ordinary Voting Power means the
aggregate voting power attributable to all shares of Voting Stock of the Borrower for purposes of electing directors of the Borrower; Voting Stock means shares of capital stock of any class or classes of a Person the
holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to elect corporate directors (or Persons performing similar functions); and Smucker Family means Timothy P. Smucker, Richard K. Smucker, Susan
Smucker Wagstaff and Marcella Smucker Clark, and any member of their immediate families, heirs, legatees, descendants and blood relatives to the fifth degree of consanguinity of such individual, or any trustees or trusts (or other entity created for
estate planning purposes) established for their benefit or the benefit of the members of their immediate families and lineal descendants. 

Closing Date means the date on which each condition described in Section 7.1 shall be
satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 13.13). 

CME means CME Group Benchmark
Administration Limited. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute
thereto. 

Commitments means, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Loans on the Closing Date
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, as the same may be reduced or modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms
hereof. The Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders are $650,000,000 on the date hereof. 

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information,
notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, Term SOFR,
Daily Simple SOFR, and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable
discretion of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent
with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate
exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

15 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are
imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Consolidated
Funded Debtmeans the aggregate outstanding amount of all Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, after eliminating all offsetting debits and credits between the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and all other items required to
be eliminated in the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Net Worth means, at any time 

(a) the sum of (i) the par value (or value stated on the books of the corporation) of the capital stock (but excluding treasury stock and
capital stock subscribed and unissued) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, plus (ii) the amount of the paid-in capital and retained earnings of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case as
such amounts would be shown on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such time prepared in accordance with GAAP, minus

(b) to the extent included in clause (a), all amounts properly attributable to minority interests, if any, in the stock and surplus of
Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Total Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as such amount would be shown on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements have been
(or are required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.5(a) or (b).

Consolidated Total Capitalizationmeans the sum of Consolidated Net Worth and Consolidated Funded Debt. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). 

Covered Party is defined in Section 13.29 hereof. 

Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate
published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source). 

16 

Debt means for any Person (without duplication) (a) all
obligations of such Person for money borrowed (including by the issuance of debt securities), (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary
course of business), (c) all obligations of the types described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) of others secured by any Lien upon Property of (limited to the lesser of (x) the amount of the obligations so secured and(y) the fair
market value of the Property subject to such Lien) or Guaranteed by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed such obligations, and (d) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person. 

Default means any event or condition the occurrence of which would, with the passage of time or the giving of
notice, or both, constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate is defined in
Section 1.10 hereof. 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and
shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

Defaulting
Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any portion of the Loans required to be funded by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date on which such funding is required to be funded by it hereunder,
(b) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute or
unless such failure has been cured, (c) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend
credit, unless such notification or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder when a condition precedent to funding has not been satisfied, (d) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after
written request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, as applicable, that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder, which request was
made because of a reasonable concern by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower that such Lender may not be able to comply with its funding obligations hereunder; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
this clause (d) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, as applicable, or (e) (i) has, or has a direct or indirect parent that has, (x) been deemed insolvent or
become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or (y) become the subject of a Bail-In Action, or (ii) a receiver or conservator has been appointed for such Lender or its direct or
indirect parent company; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental
Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such
Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of
clauses (a) through (e) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender as of the date
established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and each Lender promptly following such determination. 

17 

Defaulting Lender Period means, with respect to any Defaulting
Lender, the period commencing on the date upon which such Lender first became a Defaulting Lender and ending on the following date upon which (i) in the case of a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of the definition thereof,
the date upon which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree (in their sole discretion) that such Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, (ii) in the case of a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to clause (c) or (d) of the definition thereof, the date on which such Defaulting Lender shall have delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a written reaffirmation of its intention to honor its obligations
hereunder or (iii) in the case of a Defaulting Lender pursuant clause (e) of the definition thereof, the date on which such Defaulting Lender (or its direct or indirect parent, as applicable) is no longer insolvent, the subject of a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the subject of a Bail-In Action or, if applicable, under the direction of a receiver or conservator. 

Designated Disbursement Account means, with respect to the Borrower, the account of the Borrower identified as the
Designated Disbursement Account to the Administrative Agent in writing prior to the Closing Date hereof or such other account as the Borrower may designate to the Administrative Agent in writing from time to time. 

Dodd-Frank Act is defined in Section 10.1 hereof. 

Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States of
America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

EBITDA means, with reference to any period, Net
Income for such period plus all amounts deducted in arriving at such Net Income amount in respect of (a) Interest Expense for such period, (b) federal, state, and local income taxes for such period, (c) depreciation and
amortization expense for such period, (d) non-cash share based compensation expense, (e) non-cash losses, impairment and other similar charges (other than
those representing a reserve for or an actual cash item in any future period) for such period, (f) fees and expenses incurred during such period for Acquisitions, dispositions, investments and debt or equity issuances (whether or not
successful) during such period, and (g) other extraordinary, unusual, non-recurring or one-time cash expenses, losses and charges for such period, including
restructuring, merger and integration expenses, losses and charges, not to exceed 10% of EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to this clause (g)) in any four fiscal quarter period, minus (h) all
non-cash gains for such period; provided, that (i) EBITDA for any entity or assets acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to an Acquisition during such period shall be included on a
pro forma basis for such period (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, assuming the consummation of such Acquisition and the incurrence or assumption of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in
connection therewith occurred on the first day of such period), and (ii) EBITDA for any entity, business line or business unit sold by the Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period shall be deducted on a pro forma basis for such
period (assuming the consummation of such sale or other disposition occurred on the first day of such period); providedfurther that, at the election of the Borrower, a pro forma adjustment shall not be required to be made (but
may, at the election of the Borrower, be made) in connection with (1) any Acquisition for which the aggregate cash and non-cash consideration is less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets, or (2) any
sale or other disposition which generates net cash proceeds of less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

18 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of
this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public
administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date means the date on which each condition described in
Section 7.2 was first satisfied or waived, such date being March 7, 2025. 

Electronic
Copy shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.9. 

Electronic
Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Eligible Assigneemeans (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate (engaged in the business of making
commercial loans) of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent and (ii) unless a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include (x) the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates
or Subsidiaries or (y) any Defaulting Lender or any Person that would be a Defaulting Lender if it were a Lender. 

Environmental Law means any obligation under common law or any Legal Requirement pertaining to (a) the
protection of health, safety or the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) the conservation, management or use of natural resources and wildlife, (c) the protection or use of surface water or groundwater, (d) the management, manufacture,
possession, presence, use, generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, Release, threatened Release, abatement, removal, remediation or handling of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Material or (e) pollution (including any Release to
air, land, surface water or groundwater), and any amendment, rule, regulation, order or directive issued thereunder. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute thereto and
any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended from time to time. 

19 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA
Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a
substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or determined to be in endangered or critical status (within the
meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 or ERISA); (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(c) or 4041A of
ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a
trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan, or the filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum
funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan; or (g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default means any event or condition identified as such in Section 9.1 hereof.

Excess Interest is defined in Section 13.20 hereof. 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however
denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits or similar Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office
located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of
such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the
Borrower under Section 1.14) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 13.1(a)(ii) or
Section 13.1(c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office,
(c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 13.1(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 

20 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date
of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof (including any Revenue Ruling, Revenue
Procedure, Notice or similar guidance issued by the IRS thereunder as a precondition to relief or exemption from Taxes under such provisions) and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code. 

FCA means Financial Conduct Authority. 

FCPA is defined in Section 6.12 hereof. 

Federal Funds Rate is defined in the definition of Base Rate. 

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Fundmeans any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing,
holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements
of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority
within the U.S. accounting profession), which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States, Canada or any other nation, or of any political
subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or
functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Guarantee means to guarantee or otherwise be or become liable as endorser, guarantor, surety or otherwise for any
Debt of any other Person (including the Borrower or any Subsidiary) or otherwise agree to provide funds for payment of the obligations of another in respect of Debt of such other Person, or to supply funds to or invest in any Person for the purpose
of assuring a creditor in respect of Debt of such Person against loss. 

Hazardous Materialmeans any
substance, chemical, compound, product, solid, gas, liquid, waste, byproduct, pollutant, contaminant or material which is hazardous or toxic, and includes, without limitation, (a) asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and petroleum (including
crude oil or any fraction thereof) and (b) any material classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or words of like import pursuant to an Environmental Law. 

21 

Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means for any Person (without
duplication) (a) all obligations of such Person for money borrowed (including by the issuance of debt securities), (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts
payable arising in the ordinary course of business), (c) all obligations of others of the types described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) or the following clauses (d) and (e) secured by any Lien upon Property of (limited to the
lesser of (x) the amount of the obligations so secured and (y) the fair market value of the Property subject to such Lien) or Guaranteed by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed such indebtedness, (d) all Capitalized
Lease Obligations of such Person, and (e) all obligations of such Person constituting reimbursement obligations of such Person with respect to drawn letters of credit and bankers acceptances issued for the account of such Person. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by
or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee is defined in Section 13.15(b) hereof. 

Information is defined in Section 13.26 hereof. 

Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the ratio of EBITDA of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter to Interest Expense payable in cash of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended. 

Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the sum of all interest charges of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Interest Payment Date
means (a) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period with respect to such Term SOFR Loan and on the Maturity Date and, if the applicable Interest Period is longer than three (3) months, on each day occurring
every three (3) months after the commencement of such Interest Period and (b) with respect to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of every January, April, July and October and on the Maturity Date. 

Interest Period means the period commencing on the date a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans is advanced, continued, or
created by conversion and ending 1, 3, or 6 months thereafter, provided, however,that: 

(i) no Interest Period
shall extend beyond the Maturity Date; 

(ii) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise be a day that is not a Business
Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, provided that, if such extension would cause the last day of an Interest Period for a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans to occur in the following
calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall be the immediately preceding Business Day; and 

(iii) for purposes of
determining an Interest Period for a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, a month means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month; provided, however, that if
there is no numerically corresponding day in the month in which such an Interest Period is to end or if such an Interest Period begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month, then such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the
calendar month in which such Interest Period is to end. 

22 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Lead Arranger means BofA Securities, Inc. 

Legal Requirement means any treaty, convention, statute, law, regulation, ordinance, license, permit, governmental
approval, injunction, judgment, order, consent decree or any directive, policy or guideline of any Governmental Authority having the force of law or other requirement of any Governmental Authority, whether foreign, federal, state or local. 

Lenders means the financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, and each Eligible Assignee that
becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 13.12 hereof (each a Lender). 

Lending Office is defined in Section 10.4 hereof. 

Lienmeans any mortgage, lien, security interest, pledge, hypothec, charge or encumbrance of any kind in
respect of any Property, including the interests of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capital Lease or other title retention arrangement and any trust that secures payment of an obligation. 

Loan is defined in Section 1.1 hereof and, as so defined, includes a Base Rate Loan or
Term SOFR Loan, each of which is a type of Loan hereunder. 

Loan Documents means this
Agreement (and any amendments, amendments and restatements, modifications or supplements hereto), the Notes (if any) and each other instrument or document to be delivered by the Borrower hereunder or thereunder or otherwise in connection therewith.

Major Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that has at such time total assets as determined in accordance with GAAP
(after intercompany eliminations) exceeding $350,000,000. 

Material Acquisition means any Acquisition the total
consideration for which is equal to or greater than $350,000,000. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material
adverse effect on (a) the financial condition, results of operations, business or property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the rights of or remedies available to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent against
the Borrower under the Loan Documents, taken as a whole. 

Material Indebtedness means any Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money with an individual principal balance in excess of $250,000,000. 

Maturity Date means the date
that is two years after the Closing Date, provided that, if such date is not a Business Day, then the Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such date. 

23 

Maximum Rate is defined in Section 13.20
hereof. 

Merger means a merger, amalgamation, consolidation or arrangement. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 

Net Income means, with reference to any period, the net income (or net loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
for such period computed on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from Net Income (a) other than with respect to any calculation to be made on a pro forma basis in accordance with the
definition of EBITDA, the net income (or net loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of, or has merged with or into or consolidated with, the Borrower or another Subsidiary, and (b) the net income (or
net loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an equity interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or other distributions actually paid to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries during such period. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any
time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Note and Notes each
is defined in Section 1.11(d) hereof. 

Obligations means all obligations of the
Borrower to pay principal and interest on the Loans, all fees and charges payable by the Borrower hereunder, and all other payment obligations of the Borrower arising under any Loan Document, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising,
due or to become due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and howsoever evidenced, held or acquired. 

OFAC means the United States Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

OFAC Event is defined in Section 8.11(c) hereof. 

OFAC Sanctions Programs means all laws, regulations, and Executive Orders administered by OFAC, including without
limitation, the Bank Secrecy Act, anti-money laundering laws (including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act), and all economic and trade sanction programs administered by OFAC, any and all similar United States federal laws, regulations or
Executive Orders, and any similar laws, regulations or orders adopted by any State within the United States. 

OFAC SDN
List means the list of the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC. 

24 

Other Connection Taxesmeans, with respect to any
Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of such Recipient engaging or having engaged in a trade or business in the jurisdiction imposing such Tax or any other present or former connection between such Recipient and such jurisdiction; provided,
that no such Recipient shall be deemed to be engaged in a trade or business in, or to have any other connection with, any jurisdiction solely as a result of such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document pursuant to an assignment
request by the Borrower under Section 1.14. 

Other Taxesmeans all present or future stamp, court or
documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise
with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 1.14 or
Section 13.12). Other Taxes shall not include any Taxes imposed on, or measured by reference to, gross income, net income or gain. 

Participant Register is defined in Section 13.11 hereof. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any Person succeeding to any or all of its functions under
ERISA. 

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, (1) that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or (2) with respect to which the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated
organization or any other entity or organization, including a government or agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Platform is defined in Section 8.5 hereof. 

Principal Payment Default is defined in Section 1.10 hereof. 

Property means, as to any Person, all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed property owned by such
Person whether or not included in the most recent balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries under GAAP. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may
be amended from time to time. 

Public Lender is defined in Section 8.5(e) hereof. 

25 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial
contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

QFC Credit Support is
defined in Section 13.29 hereof. 

Recipientmeans the Administrative Agent, any
Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder. 

Register is defined in Section 13.12 hereof. 

Related Person of an Indemnitee means (a) any controlling person, controlled affiliate or subsidiary of such
Indemnitee, (b) the respective directors, officers or employees of such Indemnitee or any of its subsidiaries, controlled affiliates or controlling persons and (c) the respective agents and advisors of such Indemnitee or any of its
subsidiaries, controlled affiliates or controlling persons. 

Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping,
pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migration, dumping, or disposing into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the abandonment or discarding of barrels, drums, containers, tanks or
other receptacles containing or previously containing any Hazardous Material. 

Relevant Governmental Body means
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any
successor thereto. 

Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA,
other than events for which the 30-day notice period has been waived. 

Required
Lenders means, as of the date of determination thereof, Lenders whose outstanding Loans and Commitments constitute more than 50%of the sum of the total outstanding Loans and Commitments of the Lenders. 

Rescindable Amount is defined in Section 3.1 hereof. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK
Resolution Authority. 

Revolving Credit Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of
March 7, 2025 (as may be amended, supplemented, restated, modified, refinanced, renewed, extended or replaced from time to time). 

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any
successor thereto. 

Same Day Funds means immediately available funds. 

Sanctions is defined in Section 6.11 hereof. 

26 

Scheduled SOFR Unavailability Date is defined in
Section 10.2(c) hereof. 

SECmeans the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SOFR Adjustment means 0.10% (10 basis points) per annum. 

Specified Event of Default means an Event of Default under Section 9.1(j) or 9.1(k)
hereof with respect to the Borrower or any Principal Payment Default. 

Subsidiary means, as to any particular
parent corporation or organization, any other corporation or organization more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of which is at the time directly or indirectly owned by such parent corporation or organization or by any one or more other
entities which are themselves Subsidiaries (within the meaning of this definition) of such parent corporation or organization. Unless otherwise expressly noted herein, the term Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower or of
any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries. 

Successor Rate is defined in
Section 10.2(c) hereof. 

Supported QFC is defined in
Section 13.29 hereof. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts,
duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Facility means the credit facility for making Loans described in Section 1.1 hereof.

Term SOFR means: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the
Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR
Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day, plus the SOFR Adjustment; 

provided that if Term SOFR determined in
accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Replacement Date is defined in Section 10.2(c) hereof. 

27 

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate
administered by CME (or any successor administrator reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page or, if such page ceases to be available, such other commercially available source providing
such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time. 

UK Financial Institution
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from
time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

USA Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America
by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56.

U.S. Dollars,U.S.$ and $ each means the lawful currency
of the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a
Saturday, (b), a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes is defined in
Section 13.29 hereof. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate is defined in
Section 13.1(e) hereof. 

Voting Stock of any Person means shares of capital stock (or
other equity interests) of any class or classes of a Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to elect corporate directors (or other similar position on a governing body). 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of which all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock (other
than directors qualifying shares as required by law) or other equity interests are owned by the Borrower and/or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower within the meaning of this definition. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and
conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect 

28 

to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a
liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such
contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related
to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 5.2.Interpretation. The foregoing definitions
are equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. The words hereof, herein, and hereunderand words of like import when used in this Agreement shall
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. All references to time of day herein are references to New York City time unless otherwise specifically provided. Where the character or amount of any asset or
liability or item of income or expense is required to be determined or any consolidation or other accounting computation is required to be made for the purposes of this Agreement, it shall be done in accordance with GAAP except where such principles
are inconsistent with the specific provisions of this Agreement, and subject to Section 5.3. References to knowledge of the Borrower or any other Person means the actual knowledge of officers of such
Person with responsibility for the relevant subject matter. Unless the context requires otherwise, any definition of or reference to any agreement (including this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), instrument or other document herein shall be
construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth
herein). Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company or limited partnership, or an
allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company or limited partnership (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or
similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company or limited partnership shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company or limited partnership
that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

Section 5.3.Change in Accounting Principles. If, after the date of this Agreement, there shall occur
any change in GAAP from those used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.4 hereof and such change shall result in a change in the method of calculation of any financial covenant, standard
or term found in this Agreement, either the Borrower or the Required Lenders may by notice to the Lenders and the Borrower, respectively, require that the Lenders and the Borrower negotiate in good faith to amend such covenants, standards, and terms
so as equitably to reflect such change in GAAP, with the desired result being that the criteria for evaluating the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be the same as if such change in GAAP had not been made. No delay by
the Borrower or the Required Lenders in requiring such negotiation shall limit their right to so require such a negotiation at any time after such a change in GAAP. Until any such covenant, standard, or term is amended in accordance with this
Section 5.3, the financial covenant shall be computed and determined in accordance with GAAP in effect prior to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower shall neither be deemed to
be in compliance with any financial covenant hereunder nor out of compliance with any financial covenant hereunder if such state of compliance or noncompliance, as the case may be, would not exist but for the occurrence of a change in GAAP after the
date hereof. 

29 

SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONSAND WARRANTIES. 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date as follows:

Section 6.1.Organization and Qualification. The Borrower is (a) duly organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has the corporate or other organizational power to own its Property and conduct its business as now conducted, and (c) is duly licensed or qualified and in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires such licensing or qualifying, except, in each case of clauses (b) and (c), where the failure to do so
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.2.Authority and Validity of
Obligations. (a) The Borrower has the corporate and other organizational authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed by it, to make the Borrowings herein provided for, and to perform all of its obligations
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents executed by it. 

(b) The Loan Documents delivered by the Borrower have been duly authorized,
executed, and delivered by the Borrower and constitute valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

(c) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents do not, nor does the performance or observance by the Borrower of any of the matters and
things herein or therein provided for, (i) contravene or constitute a default under any provision of law, except to the extent such contravention or default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(ii) contravene any judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Borrower, except to the extent such contravention would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) contravene any provision of the
organizational documents (e.g., charter, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, certificate or articles of association, operating agreement, partnership agreement, or other similar organizational documents) of the Borrower or
(iv) contravene or constitute a default under any indenture or other agreement for Material Indebtedness of the Borrower, except in each case of this clause (iv) to the extent such contravention or default would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

30 

Section 6.3.Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock. 

(a) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loans to refinance, repay, redeem, defease, discharge or constructively discharge existing
indebtedness, for its general corporate and working capital purposes and to fund certain fees and expenses relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

(b) No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any other extension of credit made hereunder will be used for any purpose that would result in a
violation of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor), as in effect from time to time. 

Section 6.4.Financial Reports. 

(a) The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at and for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024, and the
related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, which financial statements are accompanied
by the audit report of Ernst & Young LLP, independent public accountants, heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at said date and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 

(b) The consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at and for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2025, and the
related unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter then ended heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at said date and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis (subject to the absence of footnotes and subject to changes resulting from year-end audit adjustments). 

Section 6.5.No Material Adverse Change. Except to the extent disclosed by the Borrower in its annual report
on Form 10-K most recently filed with the SEC (which, for purposes of this representation to be made on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date, is the Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024), since April 30, 2024, there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business or property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

Section 6.6.Full Disclosure. The written factual information (other than projected financial information,
estimates and other forward-looking statements and information of a general economic or industry nature) furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents and the commitments by the Lenders to provide all or part of the financing contemplated hereby (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished or publicly available in periodic and other reports, proxy
statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC), taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a 

31 

material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading;
provided that, with respect to projected financial information, estimates and other forward-looking statements furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the negotiation of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the commitments by the Lenders to provide all or part of the financing contemplated hereby, the Borrower represents and warrants only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions,
taken as a whole, believed to be reasonable at the time prepared (it being understood that projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrower; that projections, by their
nature, are inherently uncertain and no assurances are being given that the results reflected in any projections will be achieved; and that actual results may differ from projections and such differences may be material). 

Section 6.7.Governmental Authority and Licensing. The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have received all
licenses, permits, and approvals of all foreign, federal, state, provincial, and local governmental authorities, if any, necessary to conduct their businesses, in each case where the failure to obtain or maintain the same would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.8.Litigation and Other Controversies. Except to
the extent disclosed by the Borrower in its annual report on Form 10-K most recently filed with the SEC (which, for purposes of this representation to be made on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date, is
the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024), there is no litigation or governmental or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened in writing, against the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of
their Property, which is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.9.Approvals. No authorization, consent, license or exemption from, or filing or registration with,
any court or governmental department, agency or instrumentality, nor any approval or consent of any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of any Loan Document, except those that have
been obtained and remain in full force and effect or which are not required to be made or obtained as of each time this representation is made or deemed made, or those where the failure to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.10.Investment Company. The Borrower is not an investment company
or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Section 6.11.OFAC. (a) The Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of
all United States and Canadian economic sanctions laws (including without limitation the OFAC Sanctions Programs) (collectively, Sanctions) applicable to the Borrower, (b) each Subsidiary of the Borrower is in
compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Sanctions applicable to such Subsidiary and (c) neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Borrowers knowledge, any of its respective directors,
officers or controlled Affiliates, is, as of the date hereof, named on the current OFAC SDN List or is otherwise the target of any Sanctions. 

32 

Section 6.12.FCPA; USA Patriot Act. No part of the
proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else
acting in an official capacity in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the
FCPA). As of the date hereof, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the USA Patriot Act and the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), to the
extent applicable to them. 

SECTION 7. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 

Section 7.1.Closing Date Borrowing. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the Closing Date
is subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date and satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 13.13) of the following conditions: 

(a) Each of the representations and warranties set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material
respects on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided
that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein). 

(b) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result of the borrowing of Loans hereunder on the
Closing Date. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received the notice required by Section 1.6(a) hereof.

(d) The Lead Arranger, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all fees and expenses required to be paid on or prior
to the Closing Date hereunder and, with respect to expenses, invoiced to the Borrower at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of an Authorized Representative of the Borrower certifying as to the
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b) hereof. 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall
have received a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower in the form attached as Exhibit J hereto, certifying that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the borrowing of
Loans hereunder on the Closing Date, are solvent. 

33 

Section7.2. Conditions to Effectiveness. The
effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (unless waived in accordance with Section 13.13): 

(a) the Administrative Agent shall have received this Agreement duly executed by the Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent; 

(b) if requested by any Lender in writing at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have
received for such Lender such Lenders duly executed Note of the Borrower dated the date hereof and otherwise in compliance with the provisions of Section 1.11 hereof; 

(c) the Administrative Agent shall have received copies of the Borrowers articles of incorporation and bylaws (or comparable
organizational documents) and any amendments thereto, certified in each instance by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or individual holding a comparable position); 

(d) the Administrative Agent shall have received copies of resolutions (or equivalent authorizations) of the Borrowers Board of
Directors (or similar governing body) authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party as of the Effective Date, together with specimen signatures of the persons authorized to
execute such documents on the Borrowers behalf, all certified in each instance by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary or other appropriate officer; 

(e) the Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the certificate of good standing (or equivalent instrument) for the Borrower (dated
no earlier than 30 days prior to the Effective Date) from the office of the secretary of state (or equivalent) of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; 

(f) the Administrative Agent shall have received a list of the Borrowers Authorized Representatives; 

(g) the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Effective Date and, with respect to
expenses, invoiced to the Borrower at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date; 

(h) the Administrative Agent shall
have received the favorable written opinion of Calfee, Halter & Griswold LLP, counsel to the Borrower; 

(i) the Administrative
Agent shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information relating to the Borrower required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and
anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, requested in writing by the Administrative Agent at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Effective Date; and 

34 

(j) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of an Authorized
Representative of the Borrower, certifying as of the Effective Date that: 

(i) each of the representations and warranties
set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects as of the Effective Date, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and
correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effector similar language shall be
true and correct (after giving effect to any qualifications therein) (and the Borrowers execution and delivery of this Agreement shall constitute a representation and warranty that the condition precedent contained in this subsection (j)(i)
has been satisfied on the date of this Agreement); and 

(ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
as of the Effective Date or would occur on the Effective Date as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Borrower or the performance of its obligations hereunder. 

The occurrence of each of the Effective Date and the Closing Date shall be confirmed by a written notice from the Administrative Agent to the
Borrower on the Effective Date and the Closing Date, as applicable, and shall be conclusive evidence of the occurrence thereof. 

SECTION 8.
COVENANTS. 

The Borrower agrees that, so long as any Commitment or Loan is outstanding hereunder, except to the extent
compliance in any case or cases is waived in writing pursuant to the terms of Section 13.13 hereof: 

Section 8.1.Maintenance of Business. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, preserve
and maintain its existence, except (a) as otherwise provided in Section 8.9 hereof or (b) with respect to any Subsidiary, to the extent the failure to preserve and maintain its existence would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 8.2.Maintenance of Properties. The Borrower
shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, maintain, preserve, and keep its Property, plant, and equipment in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 8.3.Taxes and Assessments. The Borrower shall duly
pay and discharge, and shall cause each Subsidiary to duly pay and discharge, all material Taxes imposed upon or against it or its Property, in each case before the same become delinquent and before penalties accrue thereon, unless and to the extent
that the same are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are provided therefor, or to the extent that such failure would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

35 

Section 8.4.Insurance. The Borrower shall, and shall cause
each Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies or through self-insurance, (i) insurance or self-insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks as is considered adequate by the
Borrower, in its good faith judgment, and (ii) all other insurance as may be required by material law. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, information in reasonable
detail as to the insurance so maintained. 

Section 8.5.Financial Reports. The Borrower shall, and shall
cause each Subsidiary to, (x) maintain true and complete books of record and account, in which appropriate entries in conformity with GAAP in accordance with customary business practice shall be made, (y) furnish to the Administrative
Agent such information respecting the business and financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (z) without any request, furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to
the Lenders: 

(a) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 45 days after the last day of the first three fiscal quarters of
each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter and for the fiscal year-to-date period then ended, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures
for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year, prepared by the Borrower in accordance with GAAP (subject to the absence of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments) and certified
to by its chief financial officer or another officer of the Borrower reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(b) as soon as
available, and in any event no later than 90 days after the last day of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the fiscal year then ended and the related
consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative
form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by an opinion (without a going concern qualification or exception or qualification as to the scope of the audit, other than a going concern statement that is due to
the impending maturity of any Debt or due to the anticipated occurrence of the Maturity Date, in each case, in the following 12 months) of Ernst & Young LLP or another firm of independent public accountants of recognized national standing,
selected by the Borrower, to the effect that the consolidatedfinancial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended and that an examination of such accounts in connection with such financial statements has been made
in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and, accordingly, such examination included such tests of the accounting records and such other auditing procedures as were considered necessary in the circumstances; 

(c) notice of any Change of Control; 

36 

(d) promptly after knowledge thereof of the Borrower, written notice of (i) any pending
litigation or governmental or arbitration proceeding against the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their Property which is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, or (ii) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder; and 

(e) with each of the financial statements
delivered pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) above, a written certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (Compliance Certificate) signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower (or another
officer of the Borrower reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to the effect that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, if any such Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, setting forth a
description of such Default or Event of Default and specifying the action, if any, taken by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to remedy the same. Such certificate shall also set forth the calculations supporting such statements in respect of
Section 8.13 hereof. 

Delivery within the period specified above in clauses (a) and (b) of the
Borrowers quarterly report on Form 10-Q (with respect to clause (a)) or annual report on Form 10-K (with respect to clause (b)), in each case, prepared
in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of clause (a) or (b) above, as applicable. The Borrower will be deemed to have made
such delivery if it has timely made such Form 10-Q or 10-K, as applicable, available on EDGAR and on its homepage on the worldwide web (at the date of this
Agreement located at www.smucker.com). The Borrower may comply with the requirements of the other clauses of this Section 8.5 by publishing such statements and reports on its internet web site or another accessible
electronic database and giving the Administrative Agent notice (which shall contain an electronic link to the location on EDGAR or the Borrowers homepage on the worldwide web where such forms are located) thereof. 

The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that (A) the Administrative Agent and/or the Lead Arranger may, but shall not be obligated
to, make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a
substantially similar electronic transmission system (a Platform), (B) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to
such Persons securities, (C) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear
prominently on the first page thereof, (D) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not
containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws; provided, however, that to the
extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 13.26 hereof, (E) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a
portion of a Platform designated as Public Side Information; and (F) the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for
posting on a portion of a Platform not designated as Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC. 

37 

Section 8.6.Inspection. The Borrower shall, and
shall cause each Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and each of its duly authorized representatives and agents to visit and inspect any of its Property, corporate books, and financial records, to examine and make copies of its books of
accounts and other financial records, and to discuss its affairs, finances, and accounts with, its officers having responsibility for the matters being discussed at such reasonable times during normal business hours and on reasonable prior notice;
provided that, (a) so long as no Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall not be required to, or to cause any Subsidiary to, permit more than one such visit, discussion or inspection with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
collectively, during any twelve (12) month period and (b) the obligations of the Borrower under this Section 8.6 shall be limited to the extent (x) necessary to permit them to comply with applicable Legal
Requirements or the terms of confidentiality agreements entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with any third parties, (y) any document, information or other matter is subject to bona fide attorney-client or similar privilege or
constitutes bona fide attorney work product or (z) relating to matters relating to the Borrowers relationship with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

Section 8.7.Debt. The Borrower shall not permit any Subsidiary to issue, incur, assume, create or have
outstanding any Debt, or incur liabilities for interest rate, currency, or commodity cap, collar, swap, or similar hedging arrangements, or apply for or become liable to the issuer of a letter of credit which supports an obligation of any other
Person; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not restrict nor operate to prevent: 

(a) the obligations of
Subsidiaries pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement; 

(b) obligations arising out of interest rate, currency, or commodity cap,
collar, swap, or similar hedging arrangements entered into with financial institutions in connection with bona fide hedging activities in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(c) endorsement of items for deposit or collection of commercial paper received in the ordinary course of business; 

(d) intercompany advances from time to time owing by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or another Subsidiary, Guarantees and similar undertakings
by a Subsidiary in respect of such obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(e) Debt and other liabilities outstanding (or
commitments existing) on the date hereof and, to the extent in excess of $25,000,000 in principal amount, listed on Schedule 8.7 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the
principal amount of such Debt or other liabilities, as the case may be, is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except (x) by an amount equal to a premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses
incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, or (y) to the extent otherwise permitted by this Section 8.7; 

38 

(f) Debt of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower after the date hereof or is
amalgamated with, merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower after the date hereof, and Debt which is assumed in connection with any Acquisition or other investment after the date hereof, which Debt is existing
at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or is so amalgamated, merged or consolidated, or at the time of such Acquisition or other investment (other than Debt incurred solely in contemplation of such Persons becoming a
Subsidiary of the Borrower or such Acquisition or other investment, as applicable); 

(g) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of any Debt of any
other Subsidiary and Guarantees by any Subsidiary of any other Debt permitted under this Section 8.7; and 

(h)
(i) Debt and (ii) obligations in respect of letters of credit; provided that the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Debt and other obligations incurred pursuant to this clause (h) (when taken together, but in the
case of such obligations in clause (ii), only including the amount of obligations constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to such letters of credit to the extent drawn) plus (without duplication) the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of indebtedness or other obligations secured by a Lien pursuant to Section 8.8(j) do not at any time exceed 12.5% of Consolidated Total Capitalization as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower for
which financial statements have been (or are required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.5(a) or (b).

Section 8.8.Liens. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur or permit to
exist any Lien of any kind on any Property owned by any such Person; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent: 

(a) Liens in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age benefits, social security obligations, taxes,
assessments, statutory obligations or other similar charges (other than Liens arising under (i) ERISA or (ii) any Canadian federal and provincial pension laws unless such Lien arises or persists in the normal course of the funding or
administration of a Canadian Pension Plan in compliance with applicable law), or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts, leases, surety bonds, performance, completion and guarantee bonds and other obligations of a like nature, or cash or other
deposits required to be made in the ordinary course of business, provided in each case that the obligation is not for borrowed money; 

(b)
mechanics, workmens, materialmens, landlords, carriers or other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) judgment liens and judicial attachment liens not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.1(g) hereof
and the pledge of assets for the purpose of securing an appeal, stay or discharge in the course of any legal proceeding; 

(d) any interest
or title of a lessor or sublessor under any operating lease or licensor under any licensing agreement; 

39 

(e) easements,
rights-of-way, building, zoning and similar restrictions, utility agreements, covenants, reservations, restrictions, encroachments, changes, and other similar
encumbrances against real property incurred in the ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, taken as a whole, and any condemnation or eminent domain
proceedings affecting any real property; 

(f) Liens existing on the date hereof and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided
that (i) no additional Property is covered thereby (other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into such Property and proceeds and products thereof), (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased
except as contemplated by Section 8.7(e), (iii) there are no additional direct or contingent obligors with respect thereto, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefitted thereby is
permitted by Section 8.7(e); 

(g) Liens on Property of a Person existing at the time such Person is amalgamated
with, merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, or at the time such Property is acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that
(i) such Liens were not created in contemplation of such amalgamation, merger, consolidation, acquisition or investment, (ii) such Liens do not extend to any assets other than (A) those of the Person amalgamated with, merged into or
consolidated with the Borrower or such Subsidiary or acquired by the Borrower or such Subsidiary, and such Persons Subsidiaries, or (B) the Property so acquired (and after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into such
Property and proceeds and products thereof), and (iii) any Debt secured by any such Lien is permitted under Section 8.7(f); 

(h) reservations and exceptions relating to Property in Canada contained or implied by statute in the original disposition from the Crown in
right of Canada and grants made by the Crown in right of Canada of interests so reserved or accepted; 

(i) Liens securing intercompany
advances permitted by Section 8.7(d) to the extent solely in favor of the Borrower or a Subsidiary; and 

(j)
Liens securing indebtedness or other obligations not prohibited by Section 8.7, provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Debt incurred pursuant to Section 8.7(h) plus
(without duplication) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such indebtedness or other obligations secured by a Lien pursuant to this subsection (j) will not at any time exceed 12.5% of Consolidated Total Capitalization as of the most
recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements have been (or are required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.5(a) or (b). 

Section 8.9.Mergers, Consolidations and Sales. (a) The Borrower shall not be a party to any Merger
(other than the Merger of any Subsidiary with the Borrower where the Borrower is the continuing and surviving Person); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent a Merger if, immediately after
giving effect to such Merger, no Default or Event of Default exists and (i) the Borrower is the continuing and surviving Person or (ii) if the Borrower is not the continuing and surviving Person, (A) the Borrower (x) provides the
Administrative 

40 

Agent and the Lenders at least ten (10) Business Days advance written notice prior to such Merger and (y) uses its reasonable best efforts to deliver to the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders all documentation and other information regarding such continuing and surviving Person requested by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in writing at least seven (7) Business Days prior to the such Merger for purposes of
ensuring compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, not fewer than two (2) Business Days prior to such Merger and (B) if the continuing and
surviving Person is not a Domestic Subsidiary (prior to giving effect to such transaction or related series of transactions) (w) the continuing and surviving Person is organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any
state thereof or the District of Columbia, (x) immediately prior to such Merger, the continuing and surviving Person (I) is not an operating company, (II) does not hold any equity interests, directly or indirectly, in any operating
company and (III) is not owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any operating company, in the case of subclauses (I), (II) and (III), other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (prior to giving effect to such transaction or related
series of transactions), (y) such Merger is not part of any acquisition transaction involving an operating company other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (prior to giving effect to such transaction or related series of transactions) and
(z) the continuing and surviving Person delivers a written instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent confirming its assumption of all of the Obligations of the Borrower; 

(b) [reserved]; 

(c)
[reserved]; 

(d) The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or
substantially all of the Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent any such sale, transfer, lease or other disposition so long as no
Default or Event of Default exists prior to and immediately after giving effect to such sale, transfer or lease. 

Upon the consummation of a
Merger that is permitted by Section 8.9 hereof and to which the Borrower is a party but is not the surviving or continuing Person, the successor Person formed by such Merger or into which the Borrower is merged,
consolidated or amalgamated shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the
Borrower herein and the Borrower shall thereupon be released from all obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 

Section 8.10.Compliance with Laws. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, comply in all
material respects with the requirements of all foreign, federal, state, provincial, and local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances and orders applicable to or pertaining to its Property or business operations, except in such instances in which
(a) such requirement of law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

41 

Section 8.11.Compliance with Sanctions and the FCPA.
(a) The Borrower shall at all times comply in all material respects with the requirements of all United States and Canadian export controls laws and Sanctions applicable to the Borrower and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply in
all material respects with the requirements of all Sanctions applicable to such Subsidiary. 

(b) The Borrower shall provide the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders any information requested in writing by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders regarding the Borrower, its Affiliates, and its Subsidiaries that it is necessary for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to
collect to comply with applicable Sanctions; subject however, in the case of Affiliates, to the Borrowers ability to provide information applicable to them. 

(c) If the Borrower obtains actual knowledge or receives any written notice that the Borrower, any controlled Affiliate or any Subsidiary is
named on the then current OFAC SDN List (such occurrence, an OFAC Event), the Borrower shall promptly (i) give written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of such OFAC Event, and (ii) comply with
all applicable laws with respect to such OFAC Event (regardless of whether the party included on the OFAC SDN List is located within the jurisdiction of the United States), including Sanctions. 

(d) The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, use any of the proceeds of the Loans, directly or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity in order to obtain, retain or direct
business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 

(e) The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to,
use any of the proceeds of the Loans, directly or (to the knowledge of the Borrower) indirectly, to fund any activities or business (x) of or with any individual or entity that is the target of Sanctions (including any individual or entity
named on the most current OFAC SDN List or any other economic sanctions list maintained by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or any individual or entity owned 50% or more directly or indirectly by one or more parties named on any such list), (y)
in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, except, in the case of (x) or (y), to the extent permissible for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (z) in
any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. 

(f) The Borrower shall maintain in effect
policies and procedures as are appropriate in its reasonable business judgment to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with the requirements of any United States export
controls laws, the FCPA and Sanctions, in each case which are applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Section 8.12.Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall use the Loans under this Agreement solely for the
purposes set forth in, or otherwise permitted by, Section 6.3 hereof. 

42 

Section 8.13.Financial Covenant. 

(a) Interest Coverage Ratio. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending
after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio to be less than 3.50 to 1.00. 

(b) At any time
after the definitive agreement for any Material Acquisition shall have been executed (or, in the case of a Material Acquisition in the form of a tender offer or similar transaction, after the offer shall have been launched) and prior to the
consummation of such Material Acquisition (or termination of the definitive documentation in respect thereof), any Acquisition Indebtedness (and the proceeds of such indebtedness) shall be excluded from the determination of minimum Interest Coverage
Ratio. 

SECTION 9. EVENTSOF DEFAULTAND REMEDIES. 

Section 9.1.Events of Default. Any one or more of the following shall constitute an Event of
Default hereunder: 

(a) default in the payment when due of all or any part of the principal of any Loan (whether at the
stated maturity thereof or at any other time provided for in this Agreement), or default for a period of five (5) days in the payment when due of any interest,fee or other Obligation payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document;

(b) default in the observance or performance of any covenant set forth in Sections 8.5(d)(ii), 8.7, 8.8,
8.9, or 8.13 hereof; 

(c) default in the observance or performance of any other provision hereof or of any other Loan
Document which is not remedied within 30 days after written notice thereof is given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent; 

(d) any representation or warranty made herein or in any other Loan Document or in any certificate furnished to the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto proves untrue in any material respect as of the date of the issuance or making or deemed making thereof; 

(e) this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect (except to the extent
it is terminated in accordance with its terms) or is declared by the Borrower to be null and void, or the Borrower makes any assertion in writing terminating, repudiating or rescinding any Loan Document executed by it or any of its obligations
thereunder (other than in accordance with the terms of any such Loan Document); 

(f) default (after giving effect to any grace periods)
shall occur under any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money issued, assumed or guaranteed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary aggregating in excess of $200,000,000, or under any indenture, agreement or other instrument under which the same may be issued,
and (i) either (x) the maturity of any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall have been accelerated or (y) such default shall continue for a period of time sufficient to permit the acceleration of the maturity of any such
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (whether or not such maturity is in fact accelerated), or (ii) any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall not be paid when due; 

43 

(g) any judgment or judgments, writ or writs or warrant or warrants of attachment, or any
similar process or processes, shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or against any of its Property, in an aggregate amount in excess of $200,000,000 (except to the extent fully covered by independent third-party insurance
and as to which the insurer has not disclaimed coverage), and which remains undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 days; 

(h) an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in
liability of the Borrower under ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount which would be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(i) any Change of Control shall occur; 

(j) the Borrower or any Major Subsidiary shall (i) not pay, or admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become
due, (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) apply for, seek, consent to or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any
substantial part of its Property, (iv) institute any proceeding seeking to have entered against it an order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended, or the
Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), as amended, or the Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), as amended, to adjudicate it insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up,
liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or (v) take any corporateaction in furtherance of any matter
described in parts (i) through (iv) above; or 

(k) a custodian, receiver, receiver and manager, trustee, examiner,
liquidator or similar official shall be appointed for the Borrower or any Major Subsidiary, or any substantial part of any of its Property, or a proceeding described in Section 9.1(j)(iv) shall be instituted against the
Borrower or any Major Subsidiary, and such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any Borrower or any Major Subsidiary shall have entered involuntarily against it an
order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended. 

Section 9.2.Non-Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default (other than those described in subsection (j) or (k) of Section 9.1 hereof with respect to the Borrower) has occurred and is
continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, by written notice to the Borrower: (a) [reserved]; (b) if so directed by the Required Lenders, declare the principal of and the accrued interest on all outstanding Loans to be forthwith due and
payable and thereupon all outstanding Loans, including both principal and interest thereon, shall be and become immediately due and payable together with all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents without further demand, presentment, protest
or notice of any kind; (c) [reserved] and (d) subject to Section 13.2(b) hereof, exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents. The
Administrative Agent, after giving notice to the Borrower pursuant to Section 9.1(c) or this Section 9.2, shall also promptly send a copy of such notice to the other Lenders, but the failure to do
so shall not impair or annul the effect of such notice. 

44 

Section 9.3.Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of
Default described in subsections (j) or (k) of Section 9.1 hereof with respect to the Borrower has occurred and is continuing, then (a) all outstanding Loans shall immediately become due and payable together
with all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, (b) the obligation of the Lenders to extend further credit pursuant to any of the terms hereof shall immediately terminate,
(c) [reserved], and (d) subject to Section 13.2(b) hereof, the Administrative Agent may exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan
Documents. 

SECTION 10. CHANGEIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 

Section 10.1.Change of Law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, if at any time any change in applicable law or regulation (and for purposes of this Agreement, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all regulations, guidelines or directives in connection therewith (the
Dodd-Frank Act) and all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United
States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case, pursuant to Basel III (the Basel III Rules) are deemed to have been adopted and gone into effect after the date hereof), or in the interpretation thereof, in each case
occurring after the date hereof, makes it unlawful for any Lender to make or continue to maintain any Term SOFR Loans or to perform its obligations as contemplated hereby, such Lender shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and such
Lenders obligations to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans under this Agreement shall be suspended until it is no longer unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans. The Borrower, at its election, shall on the last day of the
Interest Period therefor (or on demand, if such Lender cannot legally maintain such Loan), either (i) prepay the outstanding principal amount of any such affected Term SOFR Loans made to it, together with all interest accrued thereon and all
other amounts then due and payable to such Lender under this Agreement or (ii) convert the principal amount of the affected Term SOFR Loans from such Lender into Base Rate Loans from such Lender which Base Rate Loans shall not be made ratably
by the Lenders but only from such affected Lender. 

Section 10.2.Inability to Determine Rates. 

(a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans into Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of
such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for Term SOFR has been determined in accordance with
Section 10.2(c) and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 10.2(c) have occurred and are unlikely to be temporary or the Scheduled SOFR Unavailability Date has occurred, or
(B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan (other than

45 

in the circumstances described under clause (i) of Section 10.2(c)), or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for
any reason that Term SOFR with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will
promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender, then 

thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR
Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended to the extent of the affected Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with
respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders
described in clause (ii) of this Section 10.2(a), until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 

Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Term SOFR Loans, to the
extent of the affected Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans of the amount specified therein and (ii) any
outstanding affected Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period. 

(b) [Reserved] 

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Required
Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined in good faith, that: 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one-month, three-month
and six-month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be
temporary; or 

(ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six
month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. Dollar-denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will
otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR on a representative basis
after such specific date (the latest date on which one-month, three-month and six-month interest periods of 

46 

Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled SOFR Unavailability Date); then, on a date
and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest
calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled SOFR Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any
payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the
Successor Rate). 

If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on
a monthly basis. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available
on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 10.2(c)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in
each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then-current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 10.2 at the end of any Interest Period,
relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. Dollar-denominated credit facilities
syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S.
dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at
5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative
Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

(d) The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more
notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 

(i) Any Successor Rate shall be
applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the
Borrower, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower. 

47 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate
as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(iii) In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower,
will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action
(other than consultation with the Borrower as noted above) or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such
Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

(e) This Section shall
supersede any provisions in Section 13.13 to the contrary. 

Section 10.3.Increased
Cost and Reduced Return. (a) If, after the date hereof, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation (and for purposes of this Agreement, the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III Rules are deemed to have been adopted and gone
into effect after the date hereof), or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or
compliance by any Lender (or its Lending Office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency: 

(i) shall subject any Lender (or its Lending Office) to any duty or other charge with respect to its Term SOFR Loans, its
Notes, or its obligation to make Term SOFR Loans; 

(ii) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special
deposit or similar requirement (including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (or its
Lending Office) or shall impose on any Lender (or its Lending Office) or on the interbank market any other condition affecting its Term SOFR Loans, its Notes, or its obligation to make Term SOFR Loans; or 

(iii) shall subject any Lender (or its Lending Office) to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes
described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its Loans, its Notes or on its obligation to make Loans, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable
thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender (or its Lending Office) of making or maintaining any Term SOFR
Loan (or in the case of Taxes, any Loan) under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document with respect thereto, by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then, within 15 days after demand by such Lender (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction; provided that such amounts shall be no greater than amounts that such Lender
is generally charging other borrowers or account parties similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrower. 

48 

(b) If, after the date hereof, any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall have determined
that the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (and for purposes of this Agreement, the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III Rules are deemed to have been adopted and gone into effect after the
date hereof), or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any
Lender (or its Lending Office) or any corporation controlling such Lender with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has
had the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or such corporations capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such
adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Lenders or such corporations policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, within 15 days
after demand by such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such reduction; provided that such amounts shall be no greater
than amounts that such Lender is generally charging other borrowers or account parties similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrower. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender claiming compensation under this Section 10.3 and setting forth the additional amount
or amounts to be paid to it hereunder in reasonable detail shall be conclusive if reasonably determined. In determining such amount, subject to the provisos at the end of clauses (a) and (b) above, such Lender may use any reasonable averaging
and attribution methods. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be obligated to compensate any Lender for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 90 days prior to the date the Lender notifies the Borrower of its
intention to claim compensation therefor and no Lender shall be entitled to claim any amounts pursuant to this Section 10.3, unless such Lender is then generally claiming or generally will claim such amounts in similar
circumstances under comparable credit facilities with similar provisions to this Section 10.3 to which it is a party with borrowers that are similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrower. 

Section 10.4.Lending Offices. Each Lender may, at its option, elect to make its Loans hereunder at
the branch, office or affiliate specified on the Administration Questionnaire provided by it to the Administrative Agent (each a Lending Office) for each type of Loan available hereunder and for the Borrower hereunder or at
such other of its branches, offices or affiliates as it may from time to time elect and designate in a written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Office and the Loans and
any Notes issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender for the benefit of any such Lending Office. To the extent reasonably possible, a Lender shall designate an alternative branch or funding office with respect to its Term SOFR Loans to
reduce any liability of the Borrower to such Lender under Section 10.3 hereof or to avoid the unavailability of Term SOFR Loans under Section 10.2 hereof, so long as such designation is not
otherwise disadvantageous to the Lender. 

49 

Section 10.5.Discretion of Lender as to Manner of Funding.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Lender shall be entitled to fund and maintain its funding of all or any part of its Loans in any manner it sees fit, it being understood, however, that for the purposes of this Agreement
all determinations hereunder with respect to Term SOFR Loans shall be made as if each Lender had actually funded and maintained each Term SOFR Loan through the purchase of deposits in the applicable interbank eurodollar market having a maturity
corresponding to such Loans Interest Period and bearing an interest rate equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period. 

SECTION 11.
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 

Section 11.1.Appointment and
Authorization of Administrative Agent. Each Lender hereby appoints Bank of America as the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents and hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as the Administrative Agent on its behalf
and to exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Lenders expressly agree that the Administrative Agent is not
acting as a fiduciary of the Lenders in respect of the Loan Documents, the Borrower or otherwise, and nothing herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall result in any duties or obligations on the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders
except as expressly set forth herein or therein. 

Section 11.2.Administrative Agent and its Affiliates.
The Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any other Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising such rights and powers as though it were not the Administrative Agent,
and the Administrative Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower as if it were not the Administrative Agent under the Loan
Documents. The term Lender as used herein and in all other Loan Documents, unless the context otherwise clearly requires, includes the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender (if applicable). 

Section 11.3.Action by Administrative Agent. If the Administrative Agent receives from the Borrower a
written notice of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.5 hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly give each of the Lenders written notice thereof. The obligations of the Administrative Agent under the Loan
Documents are only those expressly set forth therein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder with respect to any Default or Event of Default, except as expressly
provided in Section 9.2. Unless and until the Required Lenders give such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take or refrain from taking such actions as it deems appropriate and in the
best interest of all the Lenders; provided that (a) in no event shall the Administrative Agent be required to take any action or refrain from taking any action in violation of applicable law or of any provision of any Loan Document, and
(b) the Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act hereunder or under any other Loan Document unless it first receives any further assurances of its indemnification from the

50 

Lenders that it may require, including prepayment of any related expenses and any other protection it requires against any and all costs, expense, and liability which may be incurred by it by
reason of taking, continuing to take or refraining from taking any such action. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that no Default or Event of Default exists unless notified in writing to the contrary by a Lender or the Borrower.
In all cases in which the Loan Documents do not require the Administrative Agent to take specific action, the Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in using its discretion in failing to take or in taking any action thereunder. Any
instructions of the Required Lenders, or of any other group of Lenders called for under the specific provisions of the Loan Documents, shall be binding upon all the Lenders and the holders of the Obligations. 

Section 11.4.Consultation with Experts. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel, independent
public accountants, and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. 

Section 11.5.Liability of Administrative Agent; Credit Decision. Neither the Administrative Agent nor
any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable (a) for any action taken or not taken by it in connection with the Loan Documents with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders or (b) in the absence of its
own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, or a material breach by the Administrative Agent of its obligations under this Agreement, in each case, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any
statement, warranty or representation made in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Borrowing; (ii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of the Borrower or any Subsidiary contained herein
or in any other Loan Document; (iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Section 7 hereof, except receipt of items required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent; or (iv) the validity,
effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability, perfection, value, worth or collectability hereof or of any other Loan Document or of any other documents or writing furnished in connection with any Loan Document; and the Administrative Agent makes no
representation of any kind or character with respect to any such matter mentioned in this sentence. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under any of the Loan Documents by or through employees, agents, and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be answerable to the Lenders, the Borrower, or any other Person for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected with reasonable care. The Administrative Agent shall not incur any liability by acting in reliance upon any notice, consent, certificate, other
document or statement (whether written or oral) believed by it to be genuine or to be sent by the proper party or parties. In particular and without limiting any of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for confirming
the accuracy of any compliance certificate or other document or instrument received by it under the Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent may treat the payee of any Obligation as the holder thereof until written notice of transfer shall have been
filed with the Administrative Agent signed by such payee in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender acknowledges that it has independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and based upon such
information, investigations and inquiries as it deems appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to extend credit to the Borrower in the manner set forth in the Loan Documents. It shall be the responsibility of each

51 

Lender to keep itself informed as to the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Lender with respect thereto. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information
relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

Section 11.6.Indemnity. The Lenders shall ratably, in accordance with their respective Applicable
Percentages, indemnify and hold the Administrative Agent and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, costs or expenses suffered or incurred by it under any Loan
Document or in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby, regardless of when asserted or arising, except to the extent they are promptly reimbursed for the same by the Borrower and except to the extent that any event giving rise to a
claim was caused by the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the party seeking to be indemnified as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. The
obligations of the Lenders under this Section 11.6 shall survive termination of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to offset amounts received for the account of a Lender under this Agreement against
unpaid amounts due from such Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether as indemnities or otherwise), but shall not be entitled to offset against amounts owed to the Administrative Agent by any Lender arising outside of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents. 

Section 11.7.Resignation of Administrative Agent and Successor
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a
successor Administrative Agent, subject to the consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Borrower if no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been
so appointed by the Required Lenders (and consented to by the Borrower), and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the resigning Administrative Agents giving of notice of resignation then the resigning Administrative Agent
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, on behalf of the Lenders, immediately appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which may be any Lender hereunder or, with the consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the
Borrower if no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any commercial bank, or an Affiliate of a commercial bank, having an office in the United States of America and having a combined capital and surplus of at least
$200,000,000. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the resigning Administrative Agent under
the Loan Documents. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, the resigning Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents on the earlier of the date upon which the successor Administrative
Agent assumes its duties and the day that is sixty (60) days after the resigning Administrative Agents giving of notice of resignation. After any resigning Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the
provisions of this Section 11 and all protective provisions of the other Loan Documents shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while

52 

it was Administrative Agent, but no successor Administrative Agent shall in any event be liable or responsible for any actions of its predecessor. If the Administrative Agent resigns and no
successor is appointed, the rights and obligations of such Administrative Agent shall be automatically assumed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower shall be directed to make all payments due each Lender hereunder directly to such Lender. 

Section 11.8. [Reserved]. 

Section 11.9.Designation of Additional Agents. One or more of the Lenders (and/or its or their Affiliates)
may have been designated as syndication agents, documentation agents, book runners, lead arrangers, arrangers, co-agents or other
designations for purposes of this Agreement, but such designation shall have no substantive effect, and neither the Lead Arranger, syndication agents or co-agents named herein nor any such Lenders and their
Affiliates shall have any additional powers, duties or responsibilities as a result of being named herein or of being so designated. The Administrative Agent may perform its duties hereunder through one or more of its branches, employees or attorneys-in-fact.

Section 11.10.Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto,
to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and
not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one
or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect
to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning
of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments
and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through
(g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with
respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, , the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

53 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in
writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for
the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related
hereto or thereto). 

Section 11.11.Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the
pendency of any proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of
whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by
intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and
unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.1 and
13.15 hereof) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or
deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar
official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the
Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.1 and
13.15 hereof. 

54 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize
or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim
of any Lender or in any such proceeding. 

Section 11.12.Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without
limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment
is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender in Same Day Funds in the currency so
received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by
the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to
retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender promptly upon determining that any
payment made to such Lender comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

SECTION 12. [RESERVED]. 

SECTION 13. MISCELLANEOUS. 

Section 13.1.Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes.

(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without
deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any
such payment by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, then the Administrative Agent or the Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to
subsection (e) below. 

(ii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by applicable law to
withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and
documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) the Borrower or the 

55 

Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (C) to the extent that the withholding
or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions for Indemnified Taxes (including deductions for
Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 13.1) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction of Indemnified Taxes
been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower
shall timely pay the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Tax Indemnifications. 

(i) Without duplication of any additional amounts paid pursuant to Section 13.1(a), the Borrower
shall indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts
payable under this Section 13.1) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or
not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. In the event such certificate reflects Indemnified Taxes that were paid by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental
Authority, the Administrative Agent shall also deliver to the Borrower the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by law to report such payment or other
evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower. 

(ii) Each Lender shall severally indemnify, and shall
make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the
Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with
the provisions of Section 13.11 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each
case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the
Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). 

56 

(d) Evidence of Payments. Upon request by the Administrative Agent, after any payment
of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 13.1, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by law to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other
documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to information reporting or
withholding (including backup withholding) requirements or is entitled to the benefits of any applicable income tax treaty or convention. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and
submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 13.1(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such
completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person (or, if any Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal
income tax purposes and such owner is a U.S. Person, the Person treated as such Lenders owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by
the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), duly completed and executed originals of
IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender or such U.S. Person, as applicable, is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax; 

57 

(B) any Foreign Lender (or, if any Lender is disregarded as an entity
separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes and such owner is not a U.S. Person, the Person treated as such Lenders owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) duly
completed and executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of,
U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty; 

(2) duly completed and executed originals of
IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if any Lender is
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes and such owner is not a U.S. Person, the Person treated as such Lenders owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) claiming the benefits of the exemption
for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender (or such other Person) is not a
bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) duly completed and executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; 

(4) duly completed
and executed originals of IRS Form W8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that
if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign
Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed 

58 

originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if
such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code)
and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has
complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this
Agreement. 

(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this
Section 13.1 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly (x) update such form or certification or (y) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal
inability to do so. 

(iv) Each Lender shall promptly (A) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any
change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (B) if, pursuant to Section 13.1, any Lender becomes entitled to (I) receive from the Borrower any payment of
any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts or (II) have the Borrower pay to any Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts, then, in each case, such Lender shall (at the request of the
Borrower) take such steps as shall not be disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any
requirement of applicable law of any jurisdiction that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent make any withholding or deduction for Taxes from amounts payable to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such re-designation.

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable law, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to
file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines in its sole discretion (which shall
be exercised in good faith) that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been 

59 

indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 13.1, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal
to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 13.1 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to
such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest (to the extent accrued from the date such refund is paid over to the Borrower) or
other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event
will a Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (f) to the extent such payment would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the
Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been
paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 

(g) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 13.1 shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 

Section 13.2.No Waiver, Cumulative Remedies. (a) No delay or failure on the part of the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, or on the part of the holder or holders of any of the Obligations, in the exercise of any power or right under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof or as an acquiescence in any default, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any power or right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. The rights and remedies hereunder of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and of the holder or holders of any of
the Obligations are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies which any of them would otherwise have. 

(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions
and proceedings at law or in equity in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 9.2 and 9.3 hereof for the benefit of all the Lenders;
provided, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents, (ii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 13.16 hereof (subject to the terms of Section 13.7 hereof) or (iii) any Lender from filing
proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; and
provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder 

60 

and under the other Loan Documents, then (a) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section and (b) in addition to
the matters set forth in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 13.7, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as
authorized by the Required Lenders. 

Section 13.3.Non-Business
Days. If any payment hereunder becomes due and payable on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date of such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day on which date such payment shall be due and payable. In the case of
any payment of principal falling due on a day which is not a Business Day, interest on such principal amount, or percentages on such fees, as the case may be, shall continue to accrue during such extension at the rate per annum then in effect, which
accrued amount shall be due and payable on the next scheduled date for the payment of interest or fees, as applicable. 

Section 13.4. [Reserved]. 

Section 13.5.Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties made herein or in any other
Loan Document or in certificates given pursuant hereto or thereto shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall continue in full force and effect with respect to the date as of which they were
made as long as any credit is in use or available hereunder. 

Section 13.6.Survival of
Indemnities. All indemnities and other provisions relative to reimbursement to the Lenders of amounts sufficient to protect the yield of the Lenders with respect to the Loans including, but not limited to, Sections 1.12, 10.3, and
13.15 hereof, shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the payment of the Obligations. 

Section 13.7.Sharing of Set-Off. Each Lender agrees with each
other Lender a party hereto that if such Lender shall receive and retain any payment, whether by set-off or application of deposit balances or otherwise, on any of the Loans in excess of its ratable share of
payments on all such Obligations then outstanding to the Lenders, then such Lender shall purchase for cash at face value, but without recourse, ratably from each of the other Lenders such amount of the Loans, or participations therein, held by each
such other Lender (or interest therein) as shall be necessary to cause such Lender to share such excess payment ratably with all the other Lenders; provided, however, that (i) if any such purchase is made by any Lender, and if
such excess payment or part thereof is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, the related purchases from the other Lenders shall be rescinded ratably and the purchase price restored as to the portion of such excess payment so recovered,
but without interest and (ii) the provisions of this Section 13.7 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement
(including the application of funds from the existence of a Defaulting Lender or pursuant to Section 1.15) or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of a sale or participation in any
of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 13.7 shall apply). 

61 

Section 13.8.Notices. Except as otherwise specified
herein, all notices hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall be in writing (including, without limitation, notice by email or telecopy) and shall be given to the relevant party at its physical address, email address or (other than notices
to the Borrower) telecopier number set forth below, or such other physical address, email address or telecopier number as such party may hereafter specify by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower given by courier, by United States or
Canadian certified or registered mail, by telecopy or by email. Notices under the Loan Documents to any Lender shall be addressed to its physical address, email or telecopier number set forth on its Administrative Questionnaire; notices under the
Loan Documents to the Borrower shall be addressed to its respective physical address or email set forth below; and notices under the Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent shall be addressed to its physical address, email address or telecopy set
forth below: 

to the Borrower:

One Strawberry Lane

Orrville, Ohio 44667

Attention: Treasurer

Telephone: (330) 684-3458

Email:treasury.team@jmsmucker.com 

to the Administrative Agent (For payments and requests for credit extensions):

Bank of America, N.A.

4500 Amon Carter Blvd

Mail Code: TX2-979-02-22

Fort Worth, TX 76155

Attention: Joanna Herrera

Telephone: 469-201-8731

Telecopier: 214-290-9440

E-Mail: joanna.herrera2@bofa.com

to the Administrative Agent (For other notices):

Bank of America, N.A.

110 N. Wacker Dr.

Mail Code: IL4-110-14-10

Chicago, IL 60606

Attention: Casey Cosgrove

Telephone: 312-828-3092

E-Mail:casey.cosgrove@bofa.com

Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopier (other than notices to the
Borrower) or email, when such telecopy or email is transmitted to the telecopier number or email address specified in this Section 13.8 or in the relevant Administrative Questionnaire and, in the case of a telecopy, a
confirmation of such telecopy has been received by the sender, (ii) if given by mail, 5 days after such communication is deposited in the mail, certified or registered with return receipt requested, addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if
given by any other means, when delivered at the addresses specified in this Section 13.8 or in the relevant Administrative Questionnaire; provided thatany notice given pursuant to
Section 1 hereof shall be effective only upon receipt. 

62 

EACH PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED
BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF A PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN
CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR A PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Persons (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other
Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through a Platform,
any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of any Agent Party or any of its Related Persons, as determined by a
final non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. 

The Administrative Agent and the Lenders
shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices, Notice of Borrowings and Applications) believed by it to be genuine and given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner
specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the
Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Persons of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice believed by it to be genuine and given by or on behalf of the
Borrower, except to the extent such losses, costs, expenses and liabilities arise from any such Persons (or any of its Related Persons) gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of
the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

Section 13.9.Electronic Execution; Electronic
Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower
and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any
Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original
signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of
doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed
Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the

63 

form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original
paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved
by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on any
such Electronic Signature believed by it to be genuine and given by or on behalf of the Borrower and/or any Lender without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall
be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart.

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to
ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative
Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any
other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by
telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof), except to the extent resulting from its
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. 

The Borrower and each Lender hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of
this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and (ii) any claim against the Administrative Agent and each Lender for any liabilities arising solely from
the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the
execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature, in each case, except to the extent resulting from its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable
judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. 

Section 13.10.Successors and Assigns. This
Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby. Except to the extent provided in Section 8.9 hereof, the Borrower may not assign any of its rights or
obligations under any Loan Document without the written consent of all of the Lenders. No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with Section 13.12. 

64 

Section 13.11.Participants. Each Lender shall have
the right at its own cost to grant participations (to be evidenced by one or more agreements or certificates of participation) in the Loans made and/or Commitments held by such Lender at any time and from time to time to one or more other Persons;
provided that (a) no such participation shall relieve any Lender of any of its obligations under this Agreement, (b) no such participant shall have any rights under this Agreement except as provided in this
Section 13.11, and (c) the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation or responsibility to such participant. Any agreement pursuant to which such participation is granted shall provide that the granting Lender shall
retain the sole right and responsibility to enforce the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including, without limitation, the right to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the
Loan Documents, except that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of the Loan Documents that would reduce the amount of or postpone any fixed date for payment of any Obligation in which
such participant has an interest (subject to the proviso in Section 13.13(i)). Any party to which such a participation has been granted shall have the benefits of Section 1.12, Section 10.3
and Section 13.1 hereof and to the extent permitted by law, Section 13.16 hereof (subject to the terms of Section 13.7 hereof) (in each case, subject to obligations and
limitations of such Sections (and the compliance of such participant therewith as if it were a Lender) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 13.12 hereof)
(it being understood that the documentation required under Section 13.1(e) hereof shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation). Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose
as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participants interest in
the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity
of any participant or any information relating to a participants interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such
commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest
error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 13.11, no such participation shall
be made to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons), or a Defaulting Lender or a
Person that would be a Defaulting Lender if it were a Lender. 

Section 13.12.Assignments. (a) Any
Lender may at any time after the Closing Date assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing
to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

65 

(i) Minimum Amounts. (A) In the case of an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and (B) in
any case not described in subsection (a)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of
the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if the Effective Date is specified in the
Assignment and Acceptance, as of the Effective Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents
(each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned. 

(iii) Required Consents. The consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) shall be required for all assignments unless such assignment is to a Person that is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender. In addition, the consent of the Borrower (not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed with respect to assignments made from the Closing Date after giving effect to the funding of the Loans) shall be required (i) prior to the Closing Date and (ii) from the Closing Date (after
giving effect to the funding of the Loans), unless in the case of this clause (ii), (x) a Specified Event of Defaulthas occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate
(engaged in the business of making commercial loans) of a Lender or an Approved Fund. The Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment after the Closing Date if it shall have failed to respond to a request for consent within ten
(10) Business Days after receipt of written request for such consent from the Administrative Agent. 

(iv)
Assignment and Acceptance. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (unless waived by the Administrative
Agent), and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Borrower or Affiliates. No such assignment shall be made to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates
or Subsidiaries. 

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural person (or a
holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons). 

66 

(vii) No Prohibited Transaction. No such assignment shall be made if
such assignment would result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

(viii) No Assignment to Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 13.12, no such assignment shall be made to a Defaulting Lender or a Person that would be a Defaulting Lender if it were a Lender. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 13.12(b) hereof, from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all
of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 13.6 and 13.15 with respect to facts and
circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 13.12 shall be treated for
purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 13.11 hereof. 

(b) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its
offices in New York City, New York, a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing by the
Borrower to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders may
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower
and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(c) Any Lender may at any time pledge or grant
a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any such pledge or grant to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 13.12 shall not apply to any
such pledge or grant of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or secured party for such Lender as a party
hereto; provided, further, that the right of any such pledgee or grantee (other than any Federal Reserve Bank or another similarly situated institution) to further transfer all or any portion of the rights pledged or granted to it,
whether by means of foreclosure or otherwise, shall be at all times subject to the terms of this Agreement. 

67 

Section 13.13.Amendments. Any provision of this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents may be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing (with an executed copy thereof promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent if it is not otherwise a party thereto) and is signed by
(a) the Borrower (b) the Required Lenders, and (c) if the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent are affected thereby, the Administrative Agent; provided that: 

(i) no amendment or waiver pursuant to this Section 13.13 shall (A) increase or extend any
Commitment, or extend the Maturity Date, of any Lender without the consent of such Lender or (B) reduce the amount of or postpone the date for any scheduled payment of any principal of or interest on any Loan or of any fee payable hereunder
without the consent of the Lender to which such payment is owing or which has committed to make or holds such Loan hereunder; provided that, only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be required to (x) waive any Default or Event of
Default, or (y) waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate during the continuance of an Event of Default; 

(ii) no amendment or waiver pursuant to this Section 13.13 shall, unless signed by each Lender,
change the definition of Required Lenders, change the provisions of this Section 13.13, change Section 3.1 or any other provision hereof in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of
payments or reduction of the Commitments, or affect the number of Lenders required to take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document; 

(iii) [reserved]; and 

(iv) the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement the Loan Documents to
cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, in each case, of a technical or immaterial nature so long as Required Lenders have not objected within five (5) Business Days following receipt of a copy thereof by the Lenders. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, (x) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove
any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders)
except to the extent expressly provided in Section 1.15 hereof, and (y) this Agreement may be amended or amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment or amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended or amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such
Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement. 

Section 13.14.Headings. Section headings used in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect
the construction of this Agreement. 

68 

Section 13.15.Costs and Expenses; Indemnification.
(a) The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and of each Lead Arranger in connection
with the preparation, due diligence, negotiation, syndication, and administration of the Loan Documents (including, but not limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel, which shall be limited to one
counsel to the Lead Arranger and the Administrative Agent, taken as a whole, and of any special and local (but limited to one in any relevant jurisdiction) counsel required to be retained by the Lead Arranger and the Administrative Agent, taken as a
whole, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel for all similarly situated Persons, taken as a whole in each appropriate jurisdiction), whether or not the transactions contemplated herein are
consummated. The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, all out-of-pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred or paid by the
Administrative Agent or such Lender, including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and disbursements (limited to one counsel to such Persons, taken as a whole, and of any special and local (but limited to one in any relevant jurisdiction)
counsel required to be retained by such Persons, taken as a whole, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel for all similarly situated Persons, taken as a whole in each appropriate jurisdiction) and
court costs, in connection with the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code involving the Borrower as a debtor thereunder) or
in connection with any work-out or restructuring in respect of the Obligations hereunder. 

(b) The
Borrower further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lead Arranger, each Lender, and each of their Affiliates and successors and assigns and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, financial advisors, controlling
Persons, consultants and other representatives (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) from and against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel (which charges shall be limited to charges of one counsel to all Indemnitees, taken together,
and of any special and local (but limited to one in any relevant jurisdiction) counsel to the such Indemnitees required to be retained and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest among Indemnitees, one additional counsel for all
similarly situated Persons, taken as a whole in each appropriate jurisdiction) and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of litigation or preparation
therefor, whether or not the Indemnitee is a party thereto, or any settlement arrangement arising from or relating to any such litigation; provided that the Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement (or expenses in respect of such
settlement) effected without their prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to any Loan Document or any of the transactions
contemplated thereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Loan or any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any Property owned or operated by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary or any liability under any Environmental Law relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, except, in each case, (i) to the extent such losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses resulted from such
Indemnitees or any of its Related Persons gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction, (ii) to
the extent resulting from any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding that does not involve 

69 

the act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates and that is brought by an Indemnitee solely against another Indemnitee, other than claims against the Lead Arranger or Administrative
Agent in its capacity in fulfilling its role as such or (iii) to the extent arising from a material breach by such Indemnitee or any of its Related Persons of its obligations under this Agreement as found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. Paragraph (b) of this Section shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, liabilities, etc. arising from any
non-Tax claim. 

(c) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not, nor shall
any Indemnitee or any Indemnitees Related Persons, assert, and each such Person hereby waives, any claim against any other such Person, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct
or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use
of the proceeds thereof; provided that this clause (c) shall not limit the indemnity obligations of the Borrower hereunder. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 13.15 shall survive the termination
of this Agreement. 

Section 13.16.Set-off. In addition to
any rights now or hereafter granted under the Loan Documents or applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, each Lender, each subsequent holder of any
Obligation, and each of their respective Affiliates, is hereby authorized by the Borrower at any time or from time to time, to set-off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special,
including, but not limited to, indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, and in whatever currency denominated, but not including trust accounts) and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing by such
Lender, subsequent holder, or Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower, whether or not matured, against and on account of the Obligations of the Borrower to such Lender or subsequent holder under the Loan Documents, including,
but not limited to, all claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected with the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether or not (a) such Lender or subsequent holder shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal
of or the interest on the Loans and other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 9 and although such obligations and liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured. Each
such Lender or subsequent holder agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application is made by such Lender or subsequent holder; provided that the failure to give such notice
shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 

Section 13.17.Entire Agreement. The Loan Documents constitute the entire understanding of the parties
thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof and any prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are superseded hereby. 

Section 13.18.Governing Law. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents (except as otherwise specified
therein), and the rights and duties of the parties hereto, shall be construed and determined in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

70 

Section 13.19.Severability of Provisions. Any provision of
any Loan Document which is unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of
such provision in any other jurisdiction, it being understood that the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with legal, valid and enforceable provisions the economic effect of
which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. All rights, remedies and powers provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise thereof does
not violate any applicable mandatory provisions of law, and all the provisions of this Agreement and other Loan Documents are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law which may be controlling and to be limited to the
extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement or the other Loan Documents invalid or unenforceable. 

Section 13.20.Excess Interest. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in
any other Loan Document, no such provision shall require the payment or permit the collection of any amount of interest in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted by applicable law to be charged for the use or detention, or the
forbearance in the collection, of all or any portion of the Loans or other obligations outstanding under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (Excess Interest). If any Excess Interest is provided for, or is adjudicated
to be provided for, herein or in any other Loan Document, then in such event (a) the provisions of this Section 13.20 shall govern and control, (b) none of the Borrower nor any guarantor or endorser shall be
obligated to pay any Excess Interest, (c) any Excess Interest that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have received hereunder shall, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be (i) applied as a credit against the then outstanding
principal amount of Obligations hereunder and accrued and unpaid interest thereon (not to exceed the maximum amount permitted by applicable law), (ii) refunded to the Borrower, or (iii) any combination of the foregoing, (d) the
interest rate payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be automatically subject to reduction to the maximum lawful contract rate allowed under applicable usury laws (the Maximum Rate), and this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been, and shall be, reformed and modified to reflect such reduction in the relevant interest rate, and (e) none of the Borrower nor any guarantor or endorser shall have any action against the
Administrative Agent or any Lender for any damages whatsoever arising out of the payment or collection of any Excess Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if for any period of time interest on any of the Borrowers Obligations is calculated
at the Maximum Rate rather than the applicable rate under this Agreement, and thereafter such applicable rate becomes less than the Maximum Rate, the rate of interest payable on the Borrowers Obligations shall remain at the Maximum Rate until
the Lenders have received the amount of interest which such Lenders would have received during such period on the Borrowers Obligations had the rate of interest not been limited to the Maximum Rate during such period. 

Section 13.21.Construction. The parties acknowledge and agree that the Loan Documents shall not be construed
more favorably in favor of any party hereto based upon which party drafted the same, it being acknowledged that all parties hereto contributed substantially to the negotiation of the Loan Documents. The provisions of this Agreement relating to
Subsidiaries shall only apply during such times as the Borrower has one or more Subsidiaries. 

71 

Section 13.22.Lenders Obligations
Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint. Nothing contained in this Agreement and no action taken by the Lenders pursuant hereto shall be deemed to constitute the Lenders a partnership, association, joint
venture or other entity. 

Section 13.23. [Reserved]. 

Section 13.24.Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. The parties hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other action, proceeding or counterclaim between the Borrower and an Indemnitee arising out of or relating to, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. The parties hereto
irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court. The parties hereto agree that service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed to the
applicable party shall be effective service of process against such party for any suit, action or proceeding relating to any such dispute. The parties hereto irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which they may now
or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. A final judgment in any such suit, action or
proceeding brought in any such court may be enforced in any other courts to whose jurisdiction any party hereto is or may be subject by suit upon judgment. THE BORROWER, THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTANDTHE LENDERSHEREBYIRREVOCABLYWAIVEANYANDALLRIGHTTOTRIALBYJURYINANYLEGALPROCEEDINGARISINGOUTOFORRELATINGTOANY LOAN DOCUMENTORTHETRANSACTIONSCONTEMPLATEDTHEREBY.

Section 13.25.USA Patriot Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation; Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and
Terrorist Financing Act (Canada). Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act and/or the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the
Borrower in accordance with the USA Patriot Act and/or the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. The Borrower shall, promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any
Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Section 13.26.Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent and each Lender severally agrees to maintain the
confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors to the extent
any such Person has a need to know such Information (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will first be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such

72 

Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners)
having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or Lender subject to such disclosure, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case the Administrative Agent or Lender
subject to such disclosure agrees to inform you promptly thereof prior to such disclosure to the extent not prohibited by law, rule or regulation), (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies
hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions
substantially the same as those of this Section 13.26, to (i) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any
actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary and its obligations, (g) with the prior written consent of the Borrower, (h) to the extent such
Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 13.26 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a
non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their directors, officers, employees or agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors and that is not
to such Persons knowledge subject to confidentiality obligations to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or (iii) is independently developed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender without the use of any Information, (i) to rating
agencies on a confidential basis if requested or required by such agencies in connection with a rating relating to the Loans or Commitments hereunder, (j) for purposes of establishing a due diligence defense, (k) customarily
provided to market data collectors, similar services providers to the lending industry and services providers to the Lead Arranger and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of the Term Facility or (l) to entities
which compile and publish information about the syndicated loan market, provided that only basic information about the pricing and structure of the transaction evidenced hereby may be disclosed pursuant to this subsection (l). For
purposes of this Section 13.26, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or from any other Person on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating
to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses. The respective obligations of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 13.26 shall survive, to the extent applicable to such
Person, for a period of two years after the earliest of (x) the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement, (y) any assignment of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and (z) in the case of the
Administrative Agent, its resignation or removal. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein or in any other Loan Document shall prohibit any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules or
regulations to a governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authority without any notification to any person. 

Section 13.27.Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected
Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or
understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the
Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

73 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution
Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 13.28.No Fiduciary Duty. The Borrower agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions
contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the Borrower and its respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business
relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such
transactions or communications. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent, each Lender and their respective Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Borrower. 

Section 13.29.Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide
support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for swap or hedging agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC),
the parties acknowledge and agree with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with
the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any
Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States) that in the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a
Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special
Resolution 

74 

Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.
In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit
Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the
rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

[SIGNATURE PAGESTO FOLLOW] 

75 

This Term Loan Credit Agreement is entered into between us for the uses and purposes
hereinabove set forth as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Tucker H. Marshall

Name: Tucker H. Marshall

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Term
Loan Credit Agreement] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

BANKOF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ J. Casey Cosgrove

Name: J. Casey Cosgrove

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Term
Loan Credit Agreement] 

LENDERS

BANKOF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ J. Casey Cosgrove

Name: J. Casey Cosgrove

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Term
Loan Credit Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

[RESERVED] 

EXHIBIT B 

FORMOF NOTICEOF BORROWING

Date:[], 20[]

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders parties to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated
as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio
corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

The Borrower refers to the Credit Agreement (capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings assigned
to them in the Credit Agreement) and hereby gives you notice irrevocably, pursuant to Section 1.6 of the Credit Agreement, of the Borrowing specified below: 

1. 

The Business Day of the proposed Borrowing is ___________, 20[].

2. 

The aggregate amount of the proposed Borrowing is $______________. 

3. 

The Borrowing is being advanced under the Term Facility on the Closing Date. 

4. 

The Borrowing is to be comprised of [Base Rate][Term SOFR]Loans. 

5. 

[The duration of the Interest Period for the Term SOFR Loans included in the Borrowing shall be []
months.1]

The J. M. Smucker Company

By 

Name 

Title 

1 

May be 1, 3, or 6 months. 

EXHIBIT C 

FORMOF NOTICEOF CONTINUATION/CONVERSION

Date: ____________, 20[]

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders parties to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated
as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio
corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

The Borrower refers to the Credit Agreement (capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings assigned
to them in the Credit Agreement) and hereby gives you notice irrevocably, pursuant to Section 1.6 of the Credit Agreement, of the [conversion][continuation] of the Loans specified below: 

1. 

The conversion/continuation Date is __________, 20[]. 

2. 

The aggregate amount of the Loans to be [converted][continued] is $______________. 

3. 

The Loans are to be [converted into][continued as] [Base Rate][Term SOFR] Loans. 

4. 

[The duration of the Interest Period for the Loans included in the [conversion][continuation] shall be
[] months.1] 

The J. M. Smucker Company

By 

Name 

Title 

1 

1, 3, or 6 months. 

EXHIBIT D 

FORMOF PROMISSORY NOTE

____________, 20[]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the
Maker), hereby promises to pay to ____________________ (the Lender) or its registered assigns on the Maturity Date of the hereinafter defined Credit Agreement, at the principal office of the
Administrative Agent in Charlotte, North Carolina (or such other location as the Administrative Agent may designate to the Maker), in immediately available funds in U.S. Dollars, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans made by the Lender
to the Maker pursuant to the Credit Agreement, together with interest on the principal amount of each Loan from time to time outstanding at the rates, and payable in the manner and on the dates, specified in the Credit Agreement. 

This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and
restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), Bank of
America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and this Note and the holder hereof are entitled to all the benefits provided for thereby or referred to therein. All
capitalized terms used in this Note, except terms otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the Credit Agreement. 

This
Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

Voluntary prepayments may be made
hereon and this Note may be declared due prior to the expressed maturity hereof, all in the events, on the terms and in the manner as provided for in the Credit Agreement. 

Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Maker hereby waives demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind hereunder. 

[Signature page follows] 

The J. M. Smucker Company

By 

Name 

Title 

[Signature Page to Promissory Note] 

EXHIBIT E 

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

FORMOF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

under, and the Lenders parties to, the 

Credit Agreement described below 

This Compliance Certificate is furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement,
dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio
corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this
Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby certifies, solely in his or her capacity as an
officer of the Borrower and not in his or her individual capacity, as follows: 

1. 

I, [_______________________], am the [Chief Financial Officer] of the Borrower; 

2. 

I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my
supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period from [period begin date] to [period end date] covered by the financial statements reflected in the Form [10-Q OR 10-K] of the Borrower filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on [date]. These financial statements can be obtained from the
SECs website at http://www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml and from the Borrowers website at http://www.smucker.com; 

3. 

The examinations described in paragraph 2 above did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the
occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default as of the date of this Compliance Certificate, except as set forth below; 

4. 

The financial statements required by Section 8.5 of the Credit Agreement and being
furnished (or deemed furnished) to you concurrently with this Compliance Certificate fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date of such statement and the
consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in accordance with GAAP [(subject to the absence of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments)]3; and 

3 

Bracketed language to be included for delivery of quarterly financials. 

5. Schedule I hereto sets forth financial data and
computations evidencing the Borrowers compliance with certain covenants of the Credit Agreement, all of which data and computations are, to the best of my knowledge, true, complete and correct and have been made in accordance with the relevant
sections of the Credit Agreement. 

Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 above by listing, in detail, the nature
of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the
financial statements delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this ______ day of __________________ 20___. 

[Signature page follows] 

The J. M. Smucker Company

By 

Name 

Title 

SCHEDULE I 

TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

COMPLIANCE CALCULATIONS

FOR TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENTDATEDASOF MARCH 7, 2025 

CALCULATIONSASOF
_____________, 20[]

Interest Coverage Ratio (Section 8.13(a)) 

1. Net Income for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

2. Interest Expense for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

3. Federal, state, and local Income taxes for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

4. Depreciation and amortization expense for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

5. Non-cash share based compensation expense
for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

6. Non-cash losses, impairment and other
similar charges (other than those representing a reserve for or an actual cash item in any future period) for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

7. Fees and expenses incurred during the past 4 quarters for Acquisitions,
dispositions, investments and debt or equity issuances (whether or not successful) during such period $ ___________ 

8. other extraordinary, unusual,
non-recurring or one-time cash expenses, losses and charges for past 4 quarters, including restructuring, merger and integration expenses, losses and charges, not to
exceed 10% of EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to this Line 8) in any 4 quarter period $ ___________ 

9. EBITDA for any entity or asset acquired pursuant to an Acquisition for past 4
quarters4 $ ___________ 

10. Non-cash gains for past 4
quarters $ ___________ 

4 

At the election of the Borrower, a pro forma adjustment to EBITDA shall not be required to be made (but
may, at the election of the Borrower, be made) in connection with any Acquisition for which the aggregate cash and non-cash consideration is less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

11. EBITDA for any entity, business line or business unit sold for past 4 quarters5 $ ___________ 

14. Sum of Lines 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 minus Lines 10 and 11
(EBITDA) $ ___________ 

15. Interest Expense for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

16. Ratio of Line 14 to Line 15 ____:1.0 

17. Line 16 ratio must not be less than 3.50:1.0 

18. The Borrower is in compliance (circle yes or no) yes/no 

5 

At the election of the Borrower, a pro forma adjustment to EBITDA shall not be required to be made (but
may, at the election of the Borrower, be made) in connection with any sale or other disposition which generates net cash proceeds of less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

EXHIBIT F 

[RESERVED] 

EXHIBIT G 

FORMOF ASSIGNMENTAND ACCEPTANCE

This Assignment and Acceptance (this Assignment and Acceptance) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below
and is entered into by and between [the][each]1 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] Assignor) and [the][each]2 Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] Assignee). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]3 hereunder are several and not joint.]4 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement identified below, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this
Assignment and Acceptance as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably
sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms
and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignors][the respective Assignors] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a
Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto in the amount[s] and equal to the percentage interest[s] identified below of all the
outstanding rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the
respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan
transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights
and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein
collectively as [the][an] Assigned Interest). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, without
representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor. 

1 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a
single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 

2 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a
single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language. 

3 

Select as appropriate. 

4 

Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 

1. Assignor[s]: ______________________________

[______________________________]

[Assignor is[ not] a Defaulting Lender]

2. Assignee[s]: ______________________________

______________________________

[for each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [Lender]]

3. Borrower: The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation

4. Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A.

5. Credit Agreement: Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time
to time party thereto as Lenders.

6. 

Assigned Interest[s]: 

Assignor[s]5 Assignee[s]6 Aggregate

Amount of

Commitment/Loans

for all

Lenders7 Amount of

Commitment/Loans

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of

Commitment/Loans8 CUSIP

Number 

$ __________ $ _________ __________ % 

$ __________ $ _________ __________ % 

$ __________ $ _________ __________ % 

[7. 

Trade Date: __________________]9

Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF
RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

8. [The][Each] Assignee represents and warrants as of the Effective Date to the
Administrative Agent, [the][each] Assignor and its [respective] Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, for the benefit of the Borrower, that [the][such] Assignee is not and will not be (1) an employee benefit plan
subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), (2) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code); (3) an entity deemed to hold
plan assets of any such plans or accounts for purposes of ERISA or the Code; or (4) a governmental plan within the meaning of ERISA. 

5 

List each Assignor, as appropriate. 

6 

List each Assignee and, if available, its market entity identifier, as appropriate. 

7 

Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to take
into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 

8 

Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

9 

To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined
as of the Trade Date. 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Acceptance are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR[S]10

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Title:

ASSIGNEE[S]11

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Title:

[Consented to and]12 Accepted:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: 

Title:

[Consented to:]13

[___________________________]

By: 

Title:

10 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

11 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

12 

To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

13 

To be added only if the consent of a Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

1.
Representations and Warranties. 

1.1. Assignor. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that
(i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority,
and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with
respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the
Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 

1.2.
Assignee. [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it is an Eligible Assignee and this Assignment and Acceptance meets all other applicable requirements of Section 13.12 of the Credit Agreement
(subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 13.12(a)(iii) of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender
thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such]
Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement,
and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 8.5 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any
other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it
is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in
taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each]
Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts
which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to [the][the
relevant] Assignee. 

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Acceptance by facsimile or by email as a .pdf or .tiff attachment shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance.
This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT H 

[RESERVED] 

EXHIBITI-1

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a 10-percent shareholder of the Borrower within the
meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a duly completed and executed certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding
such payments. 

In the case of a Lender that is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each of the above
certifications and representations (other than the representation that such Lender is the sole record owner, which is given by the Lender) is given with respect to the person treated as such Lenders regarded owner for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBITI-2

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade
or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a 10-percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code,
and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a duly completed and executed certificate of its
non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender
with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

In the case of a participant that is a disregarded entity, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each of the above certifications and
representations (other than the representation that such participant is the sole record owner, which is given by the participant) is given with respect to the person treated as such participants regarded owner for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBITI-3

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such
participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a 10-percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the
Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a duly completed and executed IRS Form
W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) a duly completed and executed IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) a duly completed and executed IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption, together with any other information required to be provided by IRS Form W-8IMY. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the
information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either
the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

In the case of a participant that is disregarded as an entity separate, for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, from the partnership providing
this certificate, each of the above certifications and representations (other than the representation that such participant is the sole record owner, which is given by the participant) is given with respect to such partnership. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBITI-4

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such
Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a
bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a 10-percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a duly completed and executed IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest
exemption: (i) a duly completed and executed IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) a duly completed and
executed IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable)
from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption, together with any other information required to be provided by IRS Form W-8IMY. By executing
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding
such payments. 

In the case of a Lender that is disregarded as an entity separate, for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, from the
partnership providing this certificate, each of the above certifications and representations (other than the representation that such Lender is the sole record owner, which is given by the Lender) is given with respect to such partnership. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT J 

FORMOF SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE

[ ], 2025 

This
Solvency Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 7.1(f) of the Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the Borrower), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from
time to time party thereto as Lenders. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby certifies, solely in his capacity as an officer of the Borrower and not in his individual capacity, as follows: 

1. I am the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower. I am familiar with the borrowing of Loans under the Credit Agreement on
the Closing Date, and have reviewed the Credit Agreement, financial statements referred to in Section 6.4 of the Credit Agreement and such documents and made such investigation as I have deemed relevant for the purposes of this Solvency
Certificate. 

2. As of the date hereof, immediately after giving effect to the borrowing of Loans under the Credit
Agreement on the Closing Date, on and as of such date (i) the fair value of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed the debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or
otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be greater than the amount that will be required to
pay the probable liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis on their debts and other liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured;
(iii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as such businesses are now conducted and are proposed to be conducted following the Closing
Date. 

3. As of the date hereof, immediately after giving effect to the consummation of the borrowing of Loans under the
Credit Agreement on the Closing Date, the Borrower does not intend to, and the Borrower does not believe that it or any of its Subsidiaries will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing and
amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary and the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debts or the debts of any such Subsidiary. 

This Solvency Certificate is being delivered by the undersigned officer only in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower and
not individually and the undersigned shall have no personal liability to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders with respect thereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Solvency Certificate on the date first
written above. 

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

By: 

Name: [ ]

Title: Chief Financial Officer

SCHEDULE 1 

COMMITMENTS

Lender Term Loan Credit

Commitment (%) 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 650,000,000.00 100.000000000 % 

Total $ 650,000,000.00 100.000000000 % 

SCHEDULE 8.7 

EXISTING INDEBTEDNESSAND GUARANTIES

Industrial Revenue Bonds. Hostess Brands, LLC has indebtedness under the following lease agreements in connection with certain Industrial Revenue Bonds
listed below. 

a. 

A Lease and Financing Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2016, by and between Development Authority of
Columbus, Georgia, as lessor, and Hostess Brands, LLC, as lessee, for the premises located at 1969 Victory Dr, Columbus, GA 31901 in connection with Development Authority of Columbus, Georgia Taxable Revenue Bonds (Hostess Brands Project) Series
2016 in the principal sum of $18,600,000. 

b. 

A Lease Agreement (Series A), dated October 4, 2022 by and between Clark County, Arkansas, as issuer, and
New HB Acquisitions (RE), LLC, as company, as assigned pursuant to the Assignment and Assumption of Lease Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2022 by and between New HB Acquisitions (RE), LLC, as the assignor, and Hostess Brands, LLC, as
assignee, for the premises located at 1 Hostess Way, Arkadelphia, AR 71923 in connection with Clark County, Arkansas Taxable Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Hostess Brands Project), Series 2022A, in the principal amount of $12,000,000.

c. 

A Lease Agreement (Series B), dated October 4, 2022 by and between Clark County, Arkansas, as issuer, and
Hostess Brands, LLC, for the premises located at 1 Hostess Way, Arkadelphia, AR 71923 in connection with Clark County, Arkansas Taxable Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Hostess Brands Project), Series 2022B, in the principal amount of
$148,000,000.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d936517dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Execution Version 

Published Deal CUSIP: 46622PAS4 

Published Revolver CUSIP: 46622PAT2 

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

DATEDASOF MARCH 7, 2025, 

AMONG

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY, 

AS U.S. BORROWER, 

SMUCKER FOODSOF CANADA CORP., 

AS CANADIAN BORROWER, 

CERTAINOTHERSUBSIDIARIESOFTHE U.S. BORROWER, 

AS DESIGNATED BORROWERS, 

BANKOF AMERICA, N.A., 

AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

AND

THE LENDERSFROMTIMETOTIMEPARTIESHERETO

BOFA
SECURITIES, INC., 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., RBC
CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, 

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, AND
COBANK, ACB, 

AS JOINT LEAD ARRANGERSAND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS

JPMORGAN CHASE
BANK, N.A., RBC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, 

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS
LLC, AND COBANK, ACB, 

AS SYNDICATION
AGENTS

AND

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATIONAND

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

AS DOCUMENTATION AGENTS

TABLEOF CONTENTS

SECTION HEADING PAGE 

SECTION 1. The Credit Facilities 1 

Section 1.1. Revolving Credit Commitments 1 

Section 1.2. Increase in Revolving Credit Commitments 2 

Section 1.3. Letters of Credit 3 

Section 1.4. Applicable Interest Rates; Licensing 10 

Section 1.5. Minimum Borrowing Amounts; Maximum Term SOFR Loans 12 

Section 1.6. Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Applicable Interest Rates 12 

Section 1.7. Swing Loans 15 

Section 1.8. Maturity of Loans 18 

Section 1.9. Prepayments. 20 

Section 1.10. Default Rate 21 

Section 1.11. Evidence of Indebtedness 22 

Section 1.12. Funding Indemnity 23 

Section 1.13. Commitment Terminations 24 

Section 1.14. Substitution of Lenders 24 

Section 1.15. Defaulting Lenders 25 

Section 1.16. Designated Borrowers 27 

SECTION 2. Fees 28 

Section 2.1. Fees 28 

SECTION 3. Place and Application of Payments 29 

Section 3.1. Place and Application of Payments 29 

SECTION 4. Guaranty 31 

SECTION 5. Definitions; Interpretation 31 

Section 5.1. Definitions 31 

Section 5.2. Interpretation 58 

Section 5.3. Change in Accounting Principles 58 

Section 5.4. Letter of Credit Amounts 59 

SECTION 6. Representations and Warranties 59 

Section 6.1. Organization and Qualification 59 

Section 6.2. Authority and Validity of Obligations 59 

Section 6.3. Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock 60 

Section 6.4. Financial Reports 60 

Section 6.5. No Material Adverse Change 60 

Section 6.6. Full Disclosure 61 

Section 6.7. Governmental Authority and Licensing 61 

- PAGE i -

Section 6.8. Litigation and Other Controversies 61 

Section 6.9. Approvals 61 

Section 6.10. Investment Company 62 

Section 6.11. OFAC 62 

Section 6.12. FCPA; USA Patriot Act 62 

SECTION 7. Conditions Precedent 62 

Section 7.1. All Credit Events 62 

Section 7.2. Conditions to Effectiveness 63 

SECTION 8. Covenants 65 

Section 8.1. Maintenance of Business 65 

Section 8.2. Maintenance of Properties 65 

Section 8.3. Taxes and Assessments 65 

Section 8.4. Insurance 65 

Section 8.5. Financial Reports 66 

Section 8.6. Inspection 68 

Section 8.7. Debt 68 

Section 8.8. Liens 69 

Section 8.9. Mergers, Consolidations and Sales 71 

Section 8.10. Compliance with Laws 72 

Section 8.11. Compliance with Sanctions and the FCPA 72 

Section 8.12. Use of Proceeds 73 

Section 8.13. Financial Covenant 73 

SECTION 9. Events of Default and Remedies 74 

Section 9.1. Events of Default 74 

Section 9.2. Non-Bankruptcy Defaults 75 

Section 9.3. Bankruptcy Defaults 76 

Section 9.4. Collateral for Undrawn Letters of Credit 76 

SECTION 10. Change in Circumstances 77 

Section 10.1. Change of Law 77 

Section 10.2. Inability to Determine Rates 78 

Section 10.3. Increased Cost and Reduced Return 82 

Section 10.4. Lending Offices 84 

Section 10.5. Discretion of Lender as to Manner of Funding 84 

SECTION 11. The Administrative Agent 84 

Section 11.1. Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent 84 

Section 11.2. Administrative Agent and its Affiliates 84 

Section 11.3. Action by Administrative Agent 85 

Section 11.4. Consultation with Experts 85 

Section 11.5. Liability of Administrative Agent; Credit Decision 85 

Section 11.6. Indemnity 86 

ii 

Section 11.7. Resignation of Administrative Agent and Successor Administrative Agent 87 

Section 11.8. L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender 87 

Section 11.9. Designation of Additional Agents 88 

Section 11.10. Certain ERISA Matters 88 

Section 11.11. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 89 

Section 11.12. Recovery of Erroneous Payments 90 

SECTION 12. The Guarantee 91 

Section 12.1. The Guarantee 91 

Section 12.2. Guarantee Unconditional 91 

Section 12.3. Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances 92 

Section 12.4. Subrogation 92 

Section 12.5. Waivers 93 

Section 12.6. Limit on Recovery 93 

Section 12.7. Stay of Acceleration 93 

Section 12.8. Benefit to Guarantor 93 

Section 12.9. No Liability of Canadian Borrower for Other Borrower Obligations. 93 

SECTION 13. Miscellaneous 93 

Section 13.1. Taxes 93 

Section 13.2. No Waiver, Cumulative Remedies 99 

Section 13.3. Non-Business Days 99 

Section 13.4. [Reserved] 100 

Section 13.5. Survival of Representations 100 

Section 13.6. Survival of Indemnities 100 

Section 13.7. Sharing of Set-Off 100 

Section 13.8. Notices 100 

Section 13.9. Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 102 

Section 13.10. Successors and Assigns 104 

Section 13.11. Participants 104 

Section 13.12. Assignments 105 

Section 13.13. Amendments 109 

Section 13.14. Headings 110 

Section 13.15. Costs and Expenses; Indemnification 110 

Section 13.16. Set-off 112 

Section 13.17. Entire Agreement 112 

Section 13.18. Governing Law 112 

Section 13.19. Severability of Provisions 112 

Section 13.20. Excess Interest 112 

Section 13.21. Construction 114 

Section 13.22. Lenders and L/C Issuers Obligations Several 114 

Section 13.23. Currency 114 

iii 

SECTION 13.24. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 114 

Section 13.25. USA Patriot Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation; Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) 115 

Section 13.26. Confidentiality 116 

Section 13.27. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 117 

Section 13.28. No Fiduciary Duty 117 

Section 13.29. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 118 

Section 13.30. Refinancing; Discharge of Existing Credit Agreement 118 

EXHIBIT A Form of Notice of Payment Request

EXHIBIT B Form of Notice of Borrowing

EXHIBIT C Form of Notice of Continuation/Conversion

EXHIBIT D-1 Form of Revolving Note

EXHIBIT D-2 Form of Swing Note

EXHIBIT E Form of Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT F Form of Letter of Credit Report

EXHIBIT G Form of Assignment and Acceptance

EXHIBIT H Form of Commitment Amount Increase Request

EXHIBIT I-1 I-4 Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

Exhibit J Form of Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement

Exhibit K Form of Designated Borrower Notice

SCHEDULE 1 Commitments

SCHEDULE 8.7 Existing Indebtedness and Guaranties

SCHEDULE 13.11 Voting Participants

iv 

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

This Revolving Credit Agreement is entered into as of March 7, 2025, by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation
(together with any successor thereto in accordance with Section 8.9 hereof, the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian
Borrower), certain Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower party hereto pursuant to Section 1.16 (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the U.S. Borrower and the Canadian Borrower, the
Borrowers and each a Borrower and together, the Borrowers), Bank of America, N.A. (Bank of America), as Administrative Agent and the several
financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, as Lenders. All capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms are defined in Section 5.1 hereof. 

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

The Borrowers have requested that the Lenders make available to them the Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Loans, and the Lenders
have indicated their willingness to provide the Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Loans, in each case on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

SECTION 1.
THE CREDIT FACILITIES. 

Section 1.1.Revolving Credit
Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender, by its acceptance hereof, severally agrees to make a loan or loans (individually a Revolving Loan and collectively for all the Lenders the
Revolving Loans) in U.S. Dollars and Euros to any Domestic Borrower and in Canadian Dollars to the Canadian Borrower from time to time on a revolving basis in an aggregate outstanding Original Dollar Amount up to the amount
of such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment, subject to any reductions thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, before the Revolving Credit Termination Date; provided, that immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, (i) the
sum of the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Revolving Loans, the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Swing Loans, and the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of all L/C Obligations outstanding does not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments in
effect at such time, and (ii) the sum of the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Revolving Loans of each Lender, the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of all interests in Swing Loans of each Lender and the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of all
interests in L/C Obligations of each Lender does not exceed such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments in effect at such time. Each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be made ratably by the Lenders in proportion to their respective
Revolver Percentages. As provided in Section 1.6(a) hereof, the Domestic Borrowers, for U.S. Dollar Borrowings, may elect that each Borrowing of Revolving Loans be either U.S. Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, and
for Euro Borrowings, shall borrow Revolving Loans that are EURIBOR Loans and the Canadian Borrower shall borrow Revolving Loans that are Term CORRA Loans. Revolving Loans may be repaid and the principal amount thereof reborrowed before the Revolving
Credit Termination Date, subject to the terms and conditions hereof. 

1 

Section 1.2.Increase in Revolving Credit Commitments.
Any Borrower may, on any Business Day prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date, (i) request one or more term loans as a separate tranche under this Agreement (each an Incremental Term Loan and, collectively,
the Incremental Term Loans) and/or (ii) increase the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments by delivering a Commitment Amount Increase Requestsubstantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit H or in such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent prior to the desired effective date of such increase (the Commitment Amount Increase; together with any Incremental
Term Loans, each an Incremental Loan Facility) identifying one or more additional Lenders (or additional Revolving Credit Commitments for existing Lender(s)) and the amount of its Revolving Credit Commitment (or additional
amount of its Revolving Credit Commitment(s)); provided, however, that (a) any increase of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments to an amount (or incurrence of Incremental Term Loans the aggregate principal
amount of which, when taken together with the outstanding Revolving Credit Commitments, would be) in excess of $3,000,000,000 will require the approval of the Required Lenders, (b) any increase of the Revolving Credit Commitments (or incurrence
of Incremental Term Loans) shall be in an aggregate amount not less than $25,000,000 (or such lesser amount agreed to by the Administrative Agent), (c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the effective date of the
Incremental Loan Facility, and (d) all representations and warranties contained in Section 6 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects at the effective date of such Incremental Loan Facility (except to
the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effector similar language shall be true
and correct in all respects). The effective date of the Incremental Loan Facility shall be designated by the Borrowers in consultation with the Administrative Agent. Upon the effectiveness thereof, the new Lender(s) in respect of any Commitment
Amount Increase (or, if applicable, existing Lender(s)) shall advance Revolving Loans in an amount sufficient such that after giving effect to its advance each Lender shall have outstanding its Revolver Percentage of Revolving Loans. The U.S.
Borrower agrees to pay any reasonable expenses of the Administrative Agent relating to any Incremental Loan Facility in accordance with Section 13.15 hereof. The Borrowers may request one or more persons to provide such
Commitment Amount Increase (which persons shall be reasonably acceptable (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent to the extent such acceptance
would be required under Section 13.12 hereof for an assignment of Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Loans to such persons), or one or more persons to provide such Incremental Term Loans (which persons shall be
reasonably acceptable (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to the Administrative Agent to the extent such acceptance would be required under Section 13.12 hereof for an assignment of
Revolving Credit Commitments or Revolving Loans to such persons). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment or to participate as a Lender in an Incremental Term
Loan and no Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment shall be increased without its consent thereto, and each Lender may at its option, unconditionally and without cause, decline 

2 

to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment. The terms of each Incremental Loan Facility (which shall be set forth in the relevant Incremental Amendment) shall be determined by the Borrowers and
the applicable Lenders providing such Incremental Loan Facility (the Incremental Lenders); provided that (i) in the case of any Commitment Amount Increase, such Commitment Amount Increase shall be subject to the
same terms and conditions as the then existing Revolving Credit Loans; provided that (x) any upfront or similar fees payable by the Borrowers to the Incremental Lenders under any Commitment Amount Increase may differ from those payable
under the then existing Revolving Credit Loans and (y) the Applicable Margin or facility fees or interest rate floor applicable to any Commitment Amount Increase may be higher than the Applicable Margin or facility fees or interest rate floor
applicable to the then existing Revolving Credit Loans if the Applicable Margin or facility fees or interest rate floor applicable to the then existing Revolving Credit Loans are increased to equal the Applicable Margin and facility fees and
interest rate floor applicable to such Commitment Amount Increase; and (ii) in the case of any Incremental Term Loans, except to the extent reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such Incremental Term Loans shall be subject to the
same terms and conditions as the Revolving Credit Loans, as and to the extent applicable to a term loan facility; provided that (w) the interest rate margins and other economic terms, amortization schedule, prepayment terms, and currency
applicable to any Incremental Term Loan shall be determined by the Borrowers and the Incremental Lenders thereunder; (x) the maturity date for such Incremental Term Loans shall not be earlier than the Revolving Credit Termination Date;
(y) such Incremental Term Loans shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Credit Loans; and (z) the applicable Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any customary legal opinions or other documents of the
applicable Borrower authorizing the Incremental Term Loans as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. Each Incremental Loan Facility shall be effected pursuant to one or more agreements (each, an Incremental
Amendment) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower and executed and delivered by the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the applicable Incremental Lenders
(which agreement or agreements may, without the consent of any other Lenders effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the
provisions of this Section 1.2, it being understood that this Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 13.13 to the contrary). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this
Section 1.2 shall limit the Borrowers ability otherwise to issue, incur, assume, create or have outstanding Debt to the extent otherwise permitted hereby or to amend this Agreement in the manner provided in
Section 13.13, including to provide for additional incurrence of Debt hereunder on the terms described in this paragraph or on other terms. 

Section 1.3.Letters of Credit. (a) General Terms. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, as
part of the Revolving Credit, each Borrower may request from an L/C Issuer standby and commercial letters of credit (each a Letter of Credit) for its account or for the account of one or more of its Subsidiaries in U.S.
Dollars or, with respect to the Specified L/C Issuers only, Canadian Dollars, in the Original Dollar Amount of an aggregate undrawn face amount up to the L/C Sublimit; provided that after giving effect to any Credit Event with respect to
any Letter of Credit, (w) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans and L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments, (x) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of

3 

Revolving Loans, interests in Swing Loans and interests in L/C Obligations of any Lender shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Lender, (y) the aggregate amount of the L/C
Obligations shall not exceed the L/C Sublimit and (z) the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued by any L/C Issuer shall not exceed such L/C Issuers Letter of Credit Sublimit. The Lenders
severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of a Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder. Each Letter of Credit shall be issued by the applicable L/C Issuer, but each Lender shall be obligated to
reimburse such L/C Issuer for such Lenders Revolver Percentage of the amount of each drawing thereunder to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and, accordingly, each Letter of Credit shall constitute usage on a dollar-for-dollar basis of the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender pro rata in an amount equal to its Revolver Percentage of the L/C Obligations then outstanding.
Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower requesting such Letter of Credit shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable
L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit requested by it for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of such Borrower, and that
the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. Each Existing Letter of Credit, if any, shall be deemed to be a Letter of Credit issued and outstanding under this Agreement. 

(b) Applications for Letters of Credit; Issuing Letters of Credit. At any time before the Revolving Credit Termination Date, the
applicable L/C Issuer shall, at the request of any Borrower, issue one or more Letters of Credit (i) in U.S. Dollars for the account of any Domestic Borrower and its Subsidiaries or in Canadian Dollars for the account of the Canadian Borrower
and its Subsidiaries; (ii) in a form satisfactory to such L/C Issuer; (iii) with expiration dates of no later than the earlier of (A) 12 months from the date of issuance or from the date of any renewal (or which are cancelable
not later than 12 months from the date of issuance or from the date of any renewal) and (B) five (5) Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date, unless the applicable Borrower has arranged for the Letter of Credit to be
cash collateralized (or has made other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer) before such fifth Business Day prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date, in an aggregate face amount as set forth above, upon the receipt
of an application duly executed by such Borrower and, if such Letter of Credit is for the account of one of its Subsidiaries, such Subsidiary for the relevant Letter of Credit in the form then customarily prescribed by the applicable L/C Issuer
for the Letter of Credit requested (each an Application). Promptly after receipt of any Application, the applicable L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent in writing that the Administrative Agent has
received a copy of such Application from the applicable Borrower and, if not, such L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless one or more applicable conditions contained in Section 7.1
shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the applicable Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the
applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with such L/C Issuers customary procedures. Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect
thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also deliver to the U.S. 

4 

Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. Notwithstanding anything contained in any Application to the contrary: (i) the relevant
Borrower shall pay fees in connection with each Letter of Credit as set forth in Section 2.1 hereof, and (ii) except as otherwise provided in Section 1.9 or
Section 1.15 hereof, unless an Event of Default exists, the applicable L/C Issuer will not call for the funding by any Borrower of any amount under a Letter of Credit before being presented with a drawing thereunder.
If an L/C Issuer issues any Letter of Credit with an expiration date that is automatically extended unless such L/C Issuer gives notice that the expiration date will not so extend beyond its then scheduled expiration date, and unless the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders instruct such L/C Issuer otherwise, the applicable L/C Issuer will give notice of non-renewal before the time necessary to prevent such automatic
extension if (in each case, unless such Letter of Credit is cash collateralized or other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer shall have been made): (i) the expiration date of such Letter of Credit if so extended
would be after the Revolving Credit Termination Date, (ii) the Revolving Credit Commitments have been terminated before such required notice date, or (iii) an Event of Default exists as of such required notice date and the Administrative
Agent acting at the written direction of the Required Lenders shall have given such L/C Issuer instructions not to so permit the extension of the expiration date of such Letter of Credit. Each L/C Issuer agrees to issue amendments to its
Letters of Credit increasing the amount, or extending the expiration date, thereof at the request of the Borrower that requested such Letter of Credit subject to the conditions of Section 7.1 hereof and the other terms of
this Section 1.3. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no L/C Issuer shall be under an obligation to issue, extend or amend any Letter of Credit if (A) a default of any Lenders obligations
to fund under Section 1.3(c) exists or any Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender hereunder, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements with the Borrowers or such Lender satisfactory to such L/C Issuer to
eliminate such L/C Issuers fronting risk with respect to such Lender (B) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or
any law applicable to such L/C Issuer shall prohibit the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular; (C) the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to
letters of credit generally; (D) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $100,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, or
$500,000, in the case of a standby Letter of Credit; or (E) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or Canadian Dollars.

(c) The Reimbursement Obligations. Subject to Section 1.3(b) hereof, the obligation of a Borrower to
reimburse an L/C Issuer for all drawings under a Letter of Credit originally requested by such Borrower (a Reimbursement Obligation) shall be governed by the Application related to such Letter of Credit, except that
reimbursement shall be made by no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date when each drawing is to be paid if the applicable Borrower has been informed of such drawing by the applicable L/C Issuer on or before 12:00 Noon
(New York City time) on the date when such drawing is to be paid or, if notice of such drawing is given to the Borrower that originally requested such Letter of Credit after 12:00 Noon (New York

5 

City time) on the date when such drawing is to be paid, by no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the following Business Day, in immediately available funds at the Administrative
Agents principal office in Charlotte, North Carolina, or such other office as the Administrative Agent may designate in writing to the applicable Borrower (who shall thereafter cause to be distributed to such L/C Issuer such amount(s) in
like funds); provided that such Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth in Section 7.1 hereof, request in accordance with Section 1.6 hereof (but without regard to the minimum borrowing amounts and increments
in Section 1.5 hereof) that such reimbursement be financed with a Borrowing that is comprised of Base Rate Loans in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, such Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged
and replaced by the resulting Borrowing. In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, the relevant Borrower shall reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer in Canadian Dollars, unless (A) such L/C Issuer (at its option) shall
have specified in such notice that it will require reimbursement in U.S. Dollars, or (B) in the absence of any such requirement for reimbursement in U.S. Dollars, the relevant Borrower shall have notified such L/C Issuer promptly following
receipt of the notice of drawing that such Borrower will reimburse such L/C Issuer in U.S. Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in U.S. Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, such L/C Issuer shall
notify the relevant Borrower of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. In the event that (A) a drawing denominated in Canadian Dollars is to be reimbursed in U.S. Dollars
pursuant to the foregoing sentence and (B) the U.S. Dollar amount paid by the relevant Borrower, whether on or after the date of drawing, shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking
procedures a sum denominated in Canadian Dollars equal to the drawing, such Borrower agrees, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify such L/C Issuer for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase Canadian Dollars
in the full amount of the drawing. If an L/C Issuer is not timely reimbursed for the amount of any drawing under a Letter of Credit as set forth in this Section 1.3(c) (including through a Borrowing as set forth herein),
the obligation of the relevant Borrower to reimburse such L/C Issuer for the amount of such drawing (which amount, in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be based on the U.S. Dollar Equivalent amount thereof)
shall bear interest (which the relevant Borrower hereby promises to pay) from and after the date such drawing is paid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the U.S. Base Rate from time to time in effect (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or
366 days, as the case may be, and the actual number of days elapsed) plus the Applicable Margin for U.S. Base Rate Loans, subject to Section 1.10 hereof. If a Borrower does not make any such reimbursement payment on
the date due and the Participating Lenders fund their participations therein in the manner set forth in Section 1.3(e) below, then all payments thereafter received by the Administrative Agent in discharge of any of the
relevant Reimbursement Obligations shall be distributed in accordance with Section 1.3(e) below. 

(d)
Obligations Absolute. Each Borrowers obligation to reimburse its L/C Obligations as provided in subsection (c) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed
strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the relevant Application under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any
term or provision therein, (ii) 

6 

any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect,
(iii) payment by an L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever,
whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 1.3, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, any Borrowers obligations
hereunder; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an L/C Issuer from liability to the relevant Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby
waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by any Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuers gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction).
None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, or the L/C Issuers shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder
(irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit
(including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable L/C Issuer; provided that the foregoing shall not be
construed to excuse an L/C Issuer from liability to the relevant Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable
law) suffered by any Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuers failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree
that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of an L/C Issuer (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the applicable L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such
determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit,
an L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such
documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and shall not have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection therewith; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to
excuse an L/C Issuer from liability to the relevant Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered
by any Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuers gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). 

7 

(e) The Participating Interests. Each Lender (other than the Lender acting as an
L/C Issuer in issuing the relevant Letter of Credit) (a Participating Lender), by its acceptance hereof, severally agrees to purchase from each L/C Issuer, and each L/C Issuer hereby agrees to sell to each
such Participating Lender, an undivided percentage participating interest (a Participating Interest), to the extent of its Revolver Percentage, in each Letter of Credit issued by, and each Reimbursement Obligation owed
to, such L/C Issuer. Upon any failure by a Borrower to pay any Reimbursement Obligation at the time required on the date the related drawing is to be paid, as set forth in Section 1.3(c) above, or if an L/C Issuer
is required at any time to return to a Borrower or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other Person any portion of any payment of any Reimbursement Obligation, each Participating Lender shall, not later than the Business Day it receives
a certificate in the form of Exhibit A (Notice of Payment Request) hereto from such L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or from the Administrative Agent on behalf of such L/C Issuer to such effect, if such
certificate is received before 3:00 p.m. (New York City time), or not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) the following Business Day, if such certificate is received after such time, pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of
such L/C Issuer an amount in U.S. Dollars equal to (or, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, an amount equal to the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of) such Participating Lenders Revolver Percentage of such unpaid
or recaptured Reimbursement Obligation together with interest on such amount accrued from the date the related payment was made by such L/C Issuer to the date of such payment by such Participating Lender at a rate per annum equal to:
(i) from the date the related payment was made by such L/C Issuer to the date two (2) Business Days after payment by such Participating Lender is due hereunder, the Federal Funds Rate for each such day, and (ii) from the date two
(2) Business Days after the date such payment is due from such Participating Lender to the date such payment is made by such Participating Lender, the U.S. Base Rate in effect for each such day. Each such Participating Lender shall thereafter
be entitled to receive its Revolver Percentage of each payment received in respect of the relevant Reimbursement Obligation and of interest paid thereon, with such L/C Issuer retaining its Revolver Percentage thereof as a Lender hereunder. The
several obligations of the Participating Lenders to each L/C Issuer under this Section 1.3(e) shall be absolute, irrevocable, and unconditional under any and all circumstances whatsoever and shall not be subject to any
set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment which any Participating Lender may have or have had against any Borrower, any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Person whatsoever.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such obligations shall not be affected by any Default or Event of Default or by any reduction or termination of any Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender, and each payment by a Participating
Lender under this Section 1.3 shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Until each Lender funds its Loan or funded risk participation to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for
any amount drawn under the applicable Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lenders Revolver Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L/C Issuer. If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative
Agent for the account of such L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.3(e) by the time specified, then, without limiting the other provisions of
this Agreement, such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which
such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such L/C Issuer in
connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Loan or funded risk participation, as the case may be. A certificate of such L/C Issuer
submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (e) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

8 

(f) Indemnification. The Participating Lenders shall, to the extent of their
respective Revolver Percentages, indemnify the L/C Issuers (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers) against any cost, expense (including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action, loss or liability (except such as
result from the applicable L/C Issuers gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment) that an
L/C Issuer may suffer or incur in connection with any Letter of Credit issued by it. The obligations of the Participating Lenders under this Section 1.3(f) and all other parts of this
Section 1.3 shall survive termination of this Agreement and of all Applications, Letters of Credit, and all drafts and other documents presented in connection with drawings thereunder. 

(g) Manner of Requesting a Letter of Credit. A Borrower shall provide at least three (3) Business Days advance written
notice to the Administrative Agent of each request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit for its account, such notice in each case to be accompanied by an Application for such Letter of Credit properly completed and executed by such Borrower and,
in the case of an extension or amendment or an increase in the amount of a Letter of Credit, a written request therefor, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer in each case, together with the fees
called for by this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer of the Administrative Agents receipt of each such notice (and such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to assume that the conditions precedent
to any such issuance, extension, amendment or increase have been satisfied unless notified to the contrary by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders) and such L/C Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
of the issuance of the Letter of Credit so requested. 

(h) Removal or Replacement of an
L/C Issuer. An L/C Issuer may be removed as an L/C Issuer or replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrowers, such L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent and (if applicable) any successor L/C Issuer.
The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such removal or replacement of an L/C Issuer. At the time any such removal or replacement shall become effective, the Borrower that requested a Letter of Credit shall pay all unpaid fees
accrued for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit. From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) each successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of its
predecessor L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L/C Issuer shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous
L/C Issuer, or to such successor and all previous L/C Issuers, as the context shall require. After the removal or replacement of an L/C Issuer hereunder, the removed or replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall
continue to have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to outstanding Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such removal or replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of
Credit. 

9 

(i) Applicability of ISP and UCP; Limitation of Liability. Unless otherwise expressly
agreed by an L/C Issuer and the applicable Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the International Standby Practices (1998) (the
ISP) shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time of
issuance (the UCP) shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. 

(j) L/C Issuer Reports to the
Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section 1.3, provide the Administrative
Agent a Letter of Credit Report, as follows: (i) reasonably prior to the time that such L/C Issuer issues, amends, renews, increases or extends a Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal, increase or extension and the
stated amount of the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed); (ii) within two Business Days of issuance, amendment,
renewal, increase or extension of a Letter of Credit, all information required by the Administrative Agent regarding such issuance, amendment, renewal, increase or extension, (iii) on each Business Day on which such L/C Issuer makes a payment
pursuant to a Letter of Credit, the date and amount of such payment; (iv) on any Business Day on which the applicable Borrower fails to reimburse a payment made pursuant to a Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed to such L/C Issuer on such
day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment; (v) on any Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer; (vi) no later than
the second Business Day of each month, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars; and (vii) for so long as any Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer is outstanding, such L/C
Issuer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) on the last Business Day of each calendar month, (B) by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) two Business Days prior to the end of each quarter (provided that any and all activity after such
time shall be moved to the next billing cycle) (C) at all other times a Letter of Credit Report is required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, and (D) on each date that (1) a Letter of Credit is issued, or (2) there is
any expiration, cancellation and/or disbursement, in each case, with respect to any such Letter of Credit, a Letter of Credit Report appropriately completed with the information for every outstanding Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer. 

Section1.4. Applicable Interest Rates; Licensing. (a) U.S. Base Rate Loans. Each U.S.
Base Rate Loan made or maintained by a Lender shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and shall bear interest (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and the actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount
thereof from the date such Loan is advanced or created by conversion from a Term SOFR Loan until repaid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the U.S. Base Rate from time to time in effect, payable by the relevant
Borrower on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise), provided that interest shall not accrue on any Loan (or portion thereof) for the day such Loan (or portion thereof) is paid as provided in
Section 3.1. 

10 

(b) Term SOFR Loans. Each Term SOFR Loan made or maintained by a Lender shall be
denominated in U.S. Dollars and shall bear interest during each Interest Period it is outstanding (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced or
continued, or created by conversion from a U.S. Base Rate Loan, until repaid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus Term SOFR applicable for such Interest Period, payable by the relevant Borrower on each Interest Payment
Date and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise), provided that interest shall not accrue on any Loan (or portion thereof) for the day such Loan (or portion) is paid as provided in Section 3.1. 

(c) EURIBOR Loans. Each EURIBOR Loan made or maintained by a Lender shall be denominated in Euros and shall bear interest during each
Interest Period it is outstanding (computed on the basis of a year of 365/366 days and actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced or continued, until repaid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of
the Applicable Margin plus the EURIBOR Rate applicable for such Interest Period, payable by the relevant Borrower on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise), provided that interest shall not accrue on
any Loan (or portion thereof) for the day such Loan (or portion thereof) is paid as provided in Section 3.1. 

(d) Term CORRA Loans. Each Term CORRA Loan made or maintained by a Lender shall be denominated in Canadian Dollars and shall bear
interest during each Interest Period it is outstanding (computed on the basis of a year of 365/366 days and actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced or continued, until repaid at a rate per
annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Term CORRA Rate applicable for such Interest Period, payable by the Canadian Borrower on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise), provided that
interest shall not accrue on any Loan (or portion thereof) for the day such Loan (or portion thereof) is paid as provided in Section 3.1. 

(e) Rate Determinations; Determinations of Original Dollar Amount. The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate
applicable to the Loans and the Reimbursement Obligations hereunder based on the foregoing, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive and binding except in the case of manifest error. The Spot Rate and the Original Dollar Amount of each Loan
or L/C Obligation denominated in Canadian Dollars or Euros shall be determined or redetermined, as applicable, on each Revaluation Date. 

(f) Interest Act (Canada). For purposes of disclosure pursuant to the Interest Act (Canada), the annual rates of interest or
fees to which the rates of interest or fees provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and stated herein or therein, as applicable, to be computed on the basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year or any other period of time
less than a calendar year) are equivalent to the rates so determined multiplied by the actual number of days in the applicable calendar year and divided by three hundred sixty (360) or such other period of time, respectively. 

11 

(g) The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the
Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Term SOFR, EURIBOR Rate, Term CORRA Rate or with respect to any
rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) or the
effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. 

(h) By agreeing to make Loans under this Agreement, each Lender is
confirming it has all licenses, permits and approvals necessary for use of the reference rates referred to herein as provided for in this Agreement and it will comply with, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect such licenses, permits and
approvals for use of such rates under this Agreement. 

Section 1.5.Minimum Borrowing Amounts; Maximum Term
SOFR Loans. Each Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans shall be in an amount not less than $1,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $100,000. Each Borrowing of Term CORRA Loans advanced or continued shall be in an amount
not less than CAD $5,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $1,000,000. Each Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans advanced, continued or converted shall be in an amount equal to $5,000,000 or such greater amount which is an
integral multiple of $1,000,000. Each Borrowing of EURIBOR Loans advanced or continued shall be in an amount equal to 5,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of 1,000,000. Without the Administrative Agents
consent, there shall not be more than twelve (12) Borrowings, in the aggregate, of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans outstandinghereunder. 

Section 1.6.Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Applicable Interest Rates. (a) Notice
to the Administrative Agent. Any Borrower requesting a Borrowing of Loans shall give notice to the AdministrativeAgent by no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time): (i) at least two (2) Business Days before the date on
which such Borrower requests the Lenders to advance a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, (ii) on the date such Borrower requests the Lenders to advance a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans, (iii) at least three (3) Business Days before the
date on whichsuch Borrower requests the Lenders to advance a Borrowing of Term CORRA Loans and (iv) at least three (3) Business Days before the date on which such Borrower requests the Lenders to advance a Borrowing of EURIBOR
Loans. The Loans included in each Borrowing shall bear interest initially at the type of rate specified in such notice of a new Borrowing. Thereafter, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the relevant Borrower may from time to time elect to
change or continue the type of interest rate borne by each Borrowing obtained by it hereunder or, subject to the minimum amount requirement for each outstanding Borrowing set forth in Section 1.5 hereof, a ratable portion
thereof, as follows: (i) if such Borrowing is of Term SOFR Loans, such Borrower may continue part or all of such Borrowing as Term SOFR Loans or convert part or all of such Borrowing into U.S. Base Rate Loans, (ii) if such Borrowing is of
U.S. Base Rate Loans, such Borrower may convert all or part of such Borrowing into Term SOFR Loans for an Interest Period or Interest Periods specified by such Borrower, (iii) if such Borrowing is of EURIBOR Loans, such Borrower may continue
all of such Borrowing as EURIBOR Loans, and (iv) if such 

12 

Borrowing is of Term CORRA Loans, such Borrower may continue all of such Borrowing as Term CORRA Loans; provided that, any continuation or conversion of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or
Term CORRA Loans other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto shall be subject to Section 1.12. The relevant Borrower shall give all such notices requesting the advance, continuation or conversion of
a Borrowing to the AdministrativeAgent by telephone, telecopy or other telecommunication device acceptable to the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by
the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably) (which notice shall be irrevocable once given (provided that such notice may be conditioned on the occurrence of one or more events specified therein) and, if by telephone, shall be promptly confirmed in
writing), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (Notice of Borrowing) or Exhibit C (Notice of Continuation/Conversion), as applicable, or in such other form acceptable to the
Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably), appropriately completed and signed by an Authorized Representative of the
relevant Borrower. Notice of the continuation of a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or EURIBOR Loans for an additional Interest Period or of the conversion of part or all of a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans into Term SOFR Loans must be given by no
later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least two (2) Business Days before the date of the requested continuation or conversion. Notice of the continuation of a Borrowing of Term CORRA Loans for an additional Interest Period must be
given by no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days before the date of the requested continuation. All such notices concerning the advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing shall specify the
date of the requested advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Borrowing to be advanced, continued or converted, the type of Loans to comprise such new, continued or converted
Borrowing and, if such Borrowing is to be comprised of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, the Interest Period applicable thereto; provided that, if no Interest Period is selected, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have
selected an Interest Period of one month. Upon written notice to the Borrowers by the Administrative Agent acting at the written direction of the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a Specified Event of Default, without notice), no Borrowing of
Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans shall be advanced or created by conversion, and no Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans shall be continued, if any Event of Default then exists. Each Borrower agrees that
the Administrative Agent may rely on any such telephonic, telecopy, or other telecommunication notice given by any person the Administrative Agent in good faith believes is an Authorized Representative without the necessity of independent
investigation, and in the event any such notice by telephone conflicts with any written confirmation such telephonic notice shall govern if the Administrative Agent has acted in good faith reliance thereon. 

(b) Notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephonic, telecopy or other telecommunication notice to each
Lender of any notice from a Borrower received pursuant to Section 1.6(a) above and the Administrative Agent shall give notice to such Borrower and each Lender by like means of the interest rate applicable thereto promptly
after the Administrative Agent has made such determination and, if such Borrowing is denominated in Canadian Dollars or Euros, shall give notice by such means to the Borrowers and each Lender of the Original Dollar Amount thereof. 

13 

(c) Borrowers Failure to Notify. If a Domestic Borrower fails to
give notice pursuant to Section 1.6(a) above of the continuation or conversion of any outstanding principal amount of a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans or EURIBOR Loans before the last day of its then current Interest Period
within the period required by Section 1.6(a) and such Borrowing is not prepaid in accordance with Section 1.9(a), such Borrowing shall automatically (i) be converted into a Borrowing of U.S.
Base Rate Loans if for a Term SOFR Loan and (ii) continue as a EURIBOR Loan for an Interest Period of one month if for a EURIBOR Loan. If the Canadian Borrower fails to give notice pursuant to Section 1.6(a) above of
the continuation of any outstanding principal amount of a Borrowing of Term CORRA Loans before the last day of its then current Interest Period within the period required by Section 1.6(a) and such Borrowing is not prepaid
in accordance with Section 1.9(a), such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Term CORRA Loan for an Interest Period of one month. In the event a Borrower fails to give notice pursuant to
Section 1.6(a) above of a Borrowing equal to the amount of a Reimbursement Obligation owed by it and has not notified the Administrative Agent by 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the day such Reimbursement Obligation
becomes due that it intends to repay such Reimbursement Obligation through funds not borrowed under this Agreement, such Borrower shall be deemed to have requested (A) in the case of a Domestic Borrower, a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans
under the Revolving Credit (or, at the option of the Swing Line Lender, under the Swing Line) on such day in the amount of the Reimbursement Obligation then due, which Borrowing shall be applied to pay the Reimbursement Obligation then due, and
(B) in the case of the Canadian Borrower, a Borrowing of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent amount thereof in U.S. Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit (or, at the option of the Swing Line Lender, under the Swing Line) on such day in the
amount of the Reimbursement Obligation then due, which Borrowing shall be applied to pay the Reimbursement Obligation then due. 

(d)
Disbursement of Loans. Not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of any requested advance of a new Borrowing, subject to Section 7.1 hereof, each Lender shall make available its Loan comprising
part of such Borrowing in funds immediately available at the principal office of the Administrative Agent in Charlotte, North Carolina (or at such other location as the Administrative Agent shall designate). The Administrative Agent shall make the
proceeds of each new Borrowing available to the relevant Borrower at the Administrative Agents principal office in Charlotte, North Carolina (or at such other location as the Administrative Agent shall designate), by depositing or wire
transferring such proceeds to the credit of such Borrowers Designated Disbursement Account or as the relevant Borrower may otherwise designate to the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Administrative Agent Reliance on Lender Funding. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by a Lender prior to (or,
in the case of a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans requested on a same day basis, by 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on) the date on which such Lender is scheduled to make payment to the Administrative Agent of the proceeds of a Loan (which
notice shall be effective upon receipt) that such Lender does not intend to make 

14 

such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such payment when due and the Administrative Agent may in reliance upon such assumption (but shall not be required to)
make available to the relevant Borrower the proceeds of the Loan to be made by such Lender and, if any Lender has not in fact made such payment to the Administrative Agent, such Lender shall, on demand, pay to the Administrative Agent the amount
made available to the relevant Borrower attributable to such Lender together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period commencing on the date such amount was made available to the relevant Borrower and ending on (but excluding)
the date such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent at a rate per annum equal to: (i) from the date the related advance was made by the Administrative Agent to the date two (2) Business Days after payment by such Lender is
due hereunder, the Federal Funds Rate for each such day or, in the case of a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars or Euros, the cost to the Administrative Agent of funding the amount it advanced to fund such Lenders Loan, as determined by the
Administrative Agent, and (ii) from the date two (2) Business Days after the date such payment is due from such Lender to the date such payment is made by such Lender, (x) in the case of a Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, the U.S.
Base Rate in effect for each such day, (y) in the case of a Loan denominated in Euros, the cost to the Administrative Agent of funding the amount it advanced to fund such Lenders Loan, or (z) in the case of a Loan denominated in
Canadian Dollars, the U.S. Base Rate (to be calculated on the U.S. Dollar Equivalent amount of such Loan and paid in U.S. Dollars) in effect for each such day. If such amount is not received from such Lender by the Administrative Agent
immediately upon demand, the Borrower that received the proceeds of such Loan will, on demand, repay to the Administrative Agent the proceeds of the Loan attributable to such Lender with interest thereon at a rate per annum equal to the interest
rate applicable to the relevant Loan, but without such payment being considered a payment or prepayment of a Loan for purposes of Section 1.12 hereof so that such Borrower will have no liability under such Section with
respect to such payment. 

(f) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent
funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.6, and such funds are not made available to the applicable Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions
precedent set forth in Section 7.1 hereof are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender,
without interest. 

Section 1.7.Swing Loans. (a) Generally. Subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, as part of the Revolving Credit, the U.S. Borrower may request from the Swing Line Lender loans in U.S. Dollars (each individually a Swing Loan and collectively the Swing Loans),
and the Swing Line Lender shall make a Swing Loan to the U.S. Borrower under the Swing Line upon such request; provided that (x) the Swing Line Lender shall not be obligated to make a Swing Loan if (i) at such time, the conditions
precedent set forth in Section 7.1 hereof have not been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) after giving effect to any such Swing Loan, the aggregate dollar amount of all Swing Loans then
outstanding exceeds the Swing Line Sublimit, (iii) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans and L/C Obligations would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments and (iv) after giving effect thereto, the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans, interests in Swing Loans and 

15 

interests in L/C Obligations of any Lender would exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Lender and (y) the U.S. Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Loan to refinance
any outstanding Swing Loans. Subject to the foregoing, Swing Loans may be available from time to time and borrowings thereunder may be repaid and used again during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the Revolving Credit
Termination Date. Each Swing Loan issued shall constitute a dollar-for-dollar usage by the U.S. Borrower of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders.
Each Swing Loan requested by a Borrower shall be in a minimum amount of $250,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $50,000. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders Revolver Percentage times the amount of such Swing Loan. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, the Swing Line Lender shall not be under an obligation to make a Swing Loan if a default of any Lenders obligations to fund under (d) or (e) below exists or any Lender is at such time a Defaulting
Lender hereunder, unless the Swing Line Lender has entered into arrangements with the U.S. Borrower or such Lender satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender to eliminate the Swing Line Lenders fronting risk with respect to such Lender. 

(b) Interest on Swing Loans. Each Swing Loan shall bear interest on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Swing Loan
is advanced until repaid at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the U.S. Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for U.S. Base Rate Loans under the Revolving Credit as from time to time in effect (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366
days, as the case may be, for the actual number of days elapsed). Interest on each Swing Loan shall be due and payable by the applicable Borrower on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise). 

(c) Requests for Swing Loans. The U.S. Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent notice by telephone, telecopy or other
telecommunication device reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable once given and, if by telephone, shall be promptly confirmed in writing), substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B (Notice of Borrowing) or in such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the
Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed (if applicable) by an Authorized Representative of U.S. Borrower no later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date upon which the U.S. Borrower requests that any Swing Loan be
made to it, of the amount and date of such Swing Loan. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the proceeds of each Swing Loan extended to the U.S. Borrower shall be deposited or otherwise wire transferred to the U.S. Borrowers Designated
Disbursement Account or as the U.S. Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Swing Line Lender may otherwise agree, not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the requested date of borrowing of such Swing Loan. Anything contained in
the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the undertaking of the Swing Line Lender to make Swing Loans shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (provided that the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to assume that
the conditions precedent to an advance of any Swing Loan have been satisfied unless notified to the contrary by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders). 

16 

(d) Refunding Loans. In its sole and absolute discretion, the Swing Line Lender may
at any time, on behalf of the U.S. Borrower (and the U.S. Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to act on its behalf for such purpose) and with notice to the U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent, request each Lender to
make a Revolving Loan in the form of a U.S. Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Revolver Percentage of the amount of the Swing Loans outstanding on the date such notice is given. Unless an Event of Default exists or the
conditions set forth in Section 7.1 cannot then be satisfied, each Lender shall make the proceeds of its requested Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender, in
immediately available funds in U.S. Dollars, at the Administrative Agents office in Charlotte, North Carolina (or such other location designated by the Administrative Agent), before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day
following the day such notice is given. The Administrative Agent shall promptly remit the proceeds of such Borrowing to the Swing Line Lender to repay the outstanding Swing Loans. 

(e) Participations. If any Lender refuses or otherwise fails to make a Revolving Loan when requested by the Swing Line Lender pursuant
to Section 1.7(d) above for any reason, such Lender will, by the time and in the manner such Revolving Loan was to have been funded to the Swing Line Lender, purchase from the Swing Line Lender an undivided participating
interest in the outstanding Swing Loan in an amount equal to its Revolver Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of such Swing Loan that was to have been repaid with such Revolving Loan. Each Lender that so purchases a participation in a Swing
Loan shall thereafter be entitled to receive its Revolver Percentage of each payment of principal received on the Swing Loan and of interest received thereon accruing from the date such Lender funded to the Swing Line Lender its participation in
such Loan. The several obligations of the Lenders under this Section 1.7(e) shall be absolute, irrevocable, and unconditional under any and all circumstances whatsoever and shall not be subject to any set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment which any Lender may have or have had against any Borrower, any other Lender, or any other Person whatsoever. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such
obligations shall not be affected by any Default or Event of Default or by any reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Lender, and each payment made by a Lender under this Section 1.7(e) shall be
made without any offset, abatement, withholding, or reduction whatsoever. If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the
foregoing provisions of this Section 1.7 by the time specified herein, the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest
thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any
administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders
Loan or funded participation in the relevant Swing Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause shall be conclusive
absent manifest error. 

17 

(f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender. The U.S. Borrower shall make all payments
of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 

Section 1.8.Maturity of Loans. (a) Scheduled Payments of Revolving Loans. Each Revolving Loan, both for principal and interest not sooner paid, shall mature and be due and payable by the Borrower that borrowed such Loan on the
Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

(b) Requests for Extension. (i) The U.S. Borrower may, on up to two occasions, by notice
to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not earlier than 60 days and not later than 30 days prior to any anniversary of the Closing Date, request that each Lender extend such Lenders Revolving Credit Termination
Date for an additional one year from the then-current Revolving Credit Termination Date, provided that in no event shall the Revolving Credit Termination Date as so extended be a date that is more than five years after the applicable
Extension Effective Date. 

(ii) Lender Elections to Extend. Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual
discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not less than 20 days prior to such anniversary of the Closing Date (the Notice Date), advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such
extension (and each Lender that determines not to so extend its Revolving Credit Termination Date (a Non-Extending Lender) shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly
after such determination (but in any event no later than the Notice Date)) and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending
Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree. 

(iii)
Notification by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall notify the U.S. Borrower of each Lenders determination under this Section no later than the date 15 days prior to such anniversary of the Closing Date (or, if such
date is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day). 

(iv) Additional Commitment Lenders. The
U.S. Borrower shall have the right at any time prior to the existing Revolving Credit Termination Date applicable to a Non-Extending Lender to replace such Non-Extending
Lender with, and add as Lenders under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more Eligible Assignees (each, an Additional Commitment Lender) as provided in Section 1.14;
provided that each of such Additional Commitment Lenders shall enter into an Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Lender shall undertake a Revolving Credit Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment
Lender is already a Lender, its Revolving Credit Commitment shall be in addition to such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder on such date) and shall agree, with respect to such undertaken Revolving Credit

18 

Commitment, to such extension. At the existing Revolving Credit Termination Date in effect prior to such extension, (1) the commitments of
Non-Extending Lenders that are not otherwise replaced with an Additional Commitment Lender will be terminated and the Loans of and other amounts due and payable to such Lenders will be repaid (it being
understood that the commitments of the Non-Extending Lenders not consenting to such extension will remain in effect until the Revolving Credit Termination Date originally applicable to such Lenders), and
(2) the U.S. Borrower shall make such additional prepayments as shall be necessary in order that the Loans and L/C Obligations hereunder immediately after such existing Revolving Credit Termination Date will not exceed the Revolving Credit
Commitments. 

(v) Minimum Extension Requirement. If the total of the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders
that have agreed to so extend their Revolving Credit Termination Date (each, an Extending Lender) shall be more than 50% of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments in effect immediately prior to such
anniversary of the Closing Date, and the conditions in clause (vi) below are met, then, effective as of such anniversary of the Closing Date (the Extension Effective Date), the Revolving Credit Termination Date of each
Extending Lender and of each Additional Commitment Lender shall be extended to the date falling one year after the then current Revolving Credit Termination Date (except that, if such date is not a Business Day, such Revolving Credit Termination
Date as so extended shall be the immediately preceding Business Day) and each Additional Commitment Lender shall thereupon become a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(vi) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions. As conditions precedent to such extension, (A) the U.S. Borrower
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate dated the Extension Effective Date signed by an Authorized Representative of the U.S. Borrower certifying (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on or as
of the Extension Effective Date or would occur as a result thereof and (ii) each of the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as if made on
and as of the Extension Effective Date (except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case the same shall be true and correct as of such earlier date; provided that any representation and warranty that is
qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct in all respects) and (B) the U.S. Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent all fees, invoiced expenses and
other amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on or prior to Extension Effective Date. 

(vii) Conflicting Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 13.13 or
13.7 to the contrary. 

19 

(c) Swing Loans. The U.S. Borrower shall repay each Swing Loan on the earlier to
occur of (i) the date ten Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Revolving Credit Termination Date. 

Section 1.9.Prepayments. (a) Optional. Any Borrower may prepay in whole or in
part, without premium or penalty (but, if in part, then: (i) if such Borrowing is of U.S. Base Rate Loans, in an amount not less than $1,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $100,000, (ii) if such Borrowing is of
Term SOFR Loans, in an amount not less than $5,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $1,000,000, (iii) if such Borrowing is of EURIBOR Loans, in an amount not less than 5,000,000 or such greater amount which is
an integral multiple of 1,000,000, (iv) if such Borrowing is of Term CORRA Loans, in an amount not less than CAD $5,000,000 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of CAD $1,000,000, and (v) in each case, in an
amount such that the minimum amount required for a Borrowing pursuant to Section 1.5 and 1.7 hereof remains outstanding), any Borrowing on the last day of the Interest Period therefor and at any other time upon
(A) in the case of a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, two (2) Business Days prior notice by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, (B) in the case of a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans, notice delivered by such Borrower to the
Administrative Agent no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of prepayment, (C) in the case of any Borrowing of Term CORRA Loans, three (3) Business Days prior notice by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or
(D) in the case of a Borrowing of EURIBOR Loans, three (3) Business Days prior notice by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent (or, in any case of clauses (A) through (D) above, notice delivered upon such shorter period of
time then agreed to by the Administrative Agent), such prepayment to be made by (x) payment of the principal amount to be prepaid, (y) payment of accrued interest and fees thereon to the date fixed for prepayment and (z) in the case
of any Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, payment of any amounts due the Lenders under Section 1.12 hereof. A notice of prepayment delivered by a Borrower may state that the prepayment contemplated thereby
is subject to the effectiveness or funding of other credit facilities, the completion of any debt or equity offering or the completion of any other corporate transaction or event that will provide the proceeds for such repayment or otherwise result
in such prepayment being required hereunder. 

(b) Mandatory. (i) Each Borrower shall, on each date the Revolving Credit
Commitments are terminated in whole or in part pursuant to Section 1.13 hereof, prepay its own Revolving Loans, Swing Loans, and, if necessary, cash collateralize its L/C Obligations (or make other arrangements reasonably
satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer) by the aggregate amount, if any, necessary (after giving effect to such termination) to reduce the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans, Swing Loans, and L/C Obligations (to the extent
not cash collateralized or subject to other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer) then outstanding to the amount to which the Revolving Credit Commitments have been so reduced. 

20 

(ii) If at any time (A) for any reason other than fluctuations in
currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Revolving Loans, the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Swing Loans, and the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of all L/C Obligations then outstanding shall be in
excess of the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, and (B) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Revolving Loans, the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Swing
Loans, and the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of all L/C Obligations then outstanding shall be in excess of 105% of the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, the U.S. Borrower shall (1) immediately without notice or demand in the
circumstances described in clause (A) and (2) within 3 Business Days after notice from the Administrative Agent in the circumstances described in clause (B), prepay and/or cause the applicable Borrower to prepay in accordance
with clause (iii) below an aggregate amount equal to such excess over the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders as and for a mandatory prepayment on such Obligations. 

(iii) Prepayments under this Section 1.9(b) shall be without premium or penalty, and shall first be
applied to each prepaying Borrowers applicable Revolving Loans and Swing Loans until paid in full, with any remaining balance, if any, to be held by the Administrative Agent in the Collateral Account as cash collateral for each Borrowers
Obligations owing with respect to such Borrowers Letters of Credit. Unless the applicable Borrower otherwise directs, such prepayments of Loans under this Section 1.9(b) (A) in U.S. Dollars shall be applied first
to Borrowings of U.S. Base Rate Loans made to such Borrower until payment in full thereof, with any remaining balance applied to Term SOFR Loans made to such Borrower in the order in which each respective Interest Period expires, (B) in Euros
shall be applied to EURIBOR Loans made to such Borrower in the order in which their Interest Periods expire, and (C) in Canadian Dollars shall be applied to Borrowings of Term CORRA Loans made to such Borrower in the order in which their
Interest Periods expire. Each prepayment of Loans under this Section 1.9(b) shall be made by the payment of (x) the principal amount to be prepaid, (y) accrued interest and fees thereon to the date fixed for
prepayment and (z) in the case of any Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, any amounts due the Lenders under Section 1.12 hereof. Each deposit of cash collateral in respect of L/C Obligations shall be
made in accordance with Section 9.4 hereof. 

(c) Any amount of Revolving Loans and Swing Loans paid or prepaid
before the Revolving Credit Termination Date may, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, be borrowed, repaid and borrowed again. 

Section 1.10.Default Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while any Event of
Default exists, each Borrower shall pay on demand, after written notice from the Administrative Agent sent at the written direction of the Required Lenders (provided no such notice or Required Lender direction to send such notice shall be required
in the case of a Specified Event of Default), interest (after as well as before entry of judgment thereon to the extent permitted by law) on the principal amount of all Loans, Reimbursement Obligations and other amounts owed by such Borrower under
the Loan Documents, from the date of such written notice (or, in the case of a Specified Event of Default, the date of such Specified Event of Default) at a rate per annum equal to (the Default Rate): 

21 

(a) for any U.S. Base Rate Loan or any Swing Loan bearing interest based on the U.S. Base
Rate, the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable Margin plus the U.S. Base Rate from time to time in effect; 

(b) for any Term SOFR
Loan, the sum of 2.0% plus the rate of interest in effect thereon at the time of such default until the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and, thereafter, the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable Margin for U.S. Base Rate Loans
plus the U.S. Base Rate from time to time in effect; 

(c) for any EURIBOR Loan, (x) the sum of 2.0% plus the rate of
interest in effect thereon at the time of such default until the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (y) thereafter, the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable Margin for EURIBOR Loans plus EURIBOR for the applicable
Interest Period; 

(d) for any Reimbursement Obligation, the sum of 2.0% plus the amounts due under
Section 1.3 with respect to such Reimbursement Obligation; 

(e) for any Letter of Credit, the sum of 2.0%
plus the letter of credit fee due under Section 2.1 with respect to such Letter of Credit; and 

(f) for
any Term CORRA Loan, (x) the sum of 2.0% plus the rate of interest in effect thereon at the time of such default until the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (y), thereafter, the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable
Margin for Term CORRA Loans plus the Term CORRA Rate for the applicable Interest Period. 

If any principal amount of any Loan or Reimbursement
Obligation is not paid when due (a Principal Payment Default) such principal amount shall bear interest at the rates specified in subsections (a) through (f) above until paid in full. 

Section 1.11.Evidence of Indebtedness. (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual
practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made to such Borrower by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such
Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall also maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount
of each Loan made hereunder, the type thereof and the Interest Period with respect thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the
amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from each Borrower and each Lenders share thereof. 

22 

(c) The entries maintained in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (a) and
(b) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, however,that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such accounts or any
error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay its Obligations in accordance with their terms. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records
of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 

(d) Any Lender may request that its Loans to each Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note or notes of such Borrower in the forms of
Exhibit D-1 (in the case of its Revolving Loans and referred to herein as a Revolving Note), or Exhibit D-2 (in the
case of its Swing Loans and referred to herein as a Swing Note), as applicable (the Revolving Notes and Swing Notes being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Notes and individually as a
Note). In such event, each Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender or its registered assigns. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note or Notes and interest thereon shall
at all times (including after any assignment pursuant to Section 13.12) be represented by one or more Notes of the relevant Borrower payable to the order of the payee named therein or any assignee pursuant to
Section 13.12, except to the extent that any such Lender or assignee subsequently returns any such Note to the relevant Borrower for cancellation. 

Section 1.12.Funding Indemnity. If any Lender shall incur any loss, cost or expense (including, without
limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or re-employment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund or maintain any Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term
CORRA Loanor the relending or reinvesting of such deposits or amounts paid or prepaid to such Lender, but excluding loss of anticipated profits) as a result of: 

(a) any payment, prepayment or conversion of a Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan on a date other than the last day of its
Interest Period (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise, but excluding any prepayment or conversion required pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof), 

(b) any failure (other than due to a Lender failing to fund or convert a properly requested Loan when the applicable Borrower has met the
conditions of Section 7.1 herein) by a Borrower to borrow or continue a Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan, or to convert a U.S. Base Rate Loan into a Term SOFR Loan on the date specified in a notice given
pursuant to Section 1.6(a)hereof (including any notice that is subsequently revoked), or 

(c) any
failure by a Borrower to make any payment of principal on any Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loanor Term CORRA Loan when due (whether by acceleration or otherwise, including when specified in a notice given pursuant to
Section 1.9 hereof), 

then, upon the demand of such Lender, the relevant Borrower shall pay to such Lender such amount as will
reimburse such Lender for such loss, cost or expense. If any Lender makes such a claim for compensation, it shall provide to the relevant Borrower, with a copy to the Administrative Agent, a certificate setting forth the amount of such loss, cost or
expense in reasonable detail and the amounts shown on such certificate shall be conclusive if reasonably deemed prime facie correct. 

23 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall be entitled to claim any amounts pursuant to this Section 1.12, unless such Lender is then generally claiming or generally
will claim such amounts in similar circumstances under comparable credit facilities with similar provisions to this Section 1.12 to which it is a party with borrowers that are similarly situated to and of similar
creditworthiness to the relevant Borrower. 

Section 1.13.Commitment Terminations.
(a) Optional Revolving Credit Terminations. The Borrowers shall have the right at any time and from time to time, upon three (3) Business Days prior written notice (which shall be received no later than 12:00 Noon (New York City
time) and which notice may be conditioned on the occurrence of one or more events specified therein) to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent), to terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments
without premium or penalty and in whole or in part, any partial termination to be (i) in an amount not less than $10,000,000and (ii) allocated ratably among the Lenders in proportion to their respective Revolver Percentages,
provided that the Revolving Credit Commitments may not be reduced to an amount less than the sum (after giving effect to any concurrent repayment) of (x) the Original Dollar Amount of Revolving Loans and Swing Loans then outstanding and
(y) the Original Dollar Amount of all L/C Obligations then outstanding and shall be accompanied by payments under Section 1.9(b) as applicable. Any termination of Revolving Credit Commitments that results in the
aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit Commitments being below the L/C Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit then in effect shall reduce the L/C Sublimit and Swing Line Sublimit, as applicable, to an amount equal to such reduced
aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Commitments. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to each Lender of any such termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments. A notice of commitment termination delivered by a Borrower may
state that the termination and any related prepayment contemplated thereby is subject to the effectiveness or funding of other credit facilities, the completion of any debt or equity offering or the satisfaction of any other condition specified
therein. 

(b) Mandatory Commitment Terminations. Any then outstanding Revolving Credit Commitments shall automatically terminate on
the Revolving Credit Termination Date applicable thereto. 

(c) Any termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to this
Section 1.13 may not be reinstated. 

Section 1.14.Substitution of
Lenders. In the event (a) any Lender becomes entitled to compensation under Section 10.3 or 13.1 hereof and such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with
Section 10.4 or Section 13.1 that eliminates its current entitlement to compensation under Section 10.3 or 13.1, as applicable, (b) any Borrower receives
notice from any Lender of any illegality pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof, (c) any Lender is then a Defaulting Lender or such Lender is a Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Person who has been deemed insolvent or becomes the
subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or a receiver or conservator or like Person has been appointed for any such Person, (d) a Lender is a Non-Extending Lender or (e) a Lender fails to
consent to an amendment or waiver requested under Section 13.13 hereof at a time when the Required Lenders have approved such amendment 

24 

or waiver (any such Lender referred to in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above being hereinafter referred to as an Affected Lender), the Borrowers may, in
addition to any other rights the Borrowers may have hereunder or under applicable law, require, at the Borrowers expense, any such Affected Lender to assign, at par (plus any accrued and unpaid fees and interest), without recourse, all
of its interest, rights, and obligations hereunder (including all of its Revolving Credit Commitments, Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans and other amounts at any time owing to it hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents) to an Eligible Assignee specified by the Borrowers, provided that (i) such assignment is not prohibited by any law, rule or regulation or order of any court or other Governmental Authority applicable to such Affected
Lender, (ii) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Affected Lender all monies (together with amounts due such Affected Lender under Section 1.12 hereof as if the Loans owing to it were prepaid rather than assigned and
any amounts due such Lender under Sections 10.3 and 13.1 hereof) other than such principal and accrued and unpaid fees and interest owing to it hereunder, (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from an entitlement to
compensation under Section 10.3 or 13.1 hereof, the Eligible Assignee will be entitled to less compensation under such Section 10.3 or 13.1 than the Affected Lender, (iv) the
assignment is entered into in accordance with, and subject to the consents required by, Section 13.12 hereof (provided that any assignment fees and reimbursable expenses due thereunder shall be paid by the Borrowers (or as
otherwise agreed)) and (v) in the case of any such assignment by a Non-Extending Lender, such assignee shall have consented to the applicable Revolving Credit Termination Date extension. 

Section 1.15.Defaulting Lenders. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event
that any Lender at any time is a Defaulting Lender, then: 

(a) during any Defaulting Lender Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender,
such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender for purposes of voting on any matters (including the granting of any consents or waivers) with respect to any of the Loan Documents and such Defaulting Lenders
Revolving Credit Commitments shall be excluded for purposes of determining Required Lenders (provided that the foregoing shall not permit an increase in, or extension of, such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments or an
extension of the Revolving Credit Termination Date with respect to such Lenders Loans or postponement of the date for any scheduled payment of any principal of such Lenders Loans or other Obligations without such Lenders consent);

(b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting
Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 9 or otherwise), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of
any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuers or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, to
be held as cash collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit or Swing Loan; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the
funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, 

25 

as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the U.S. Borrower, to be held in a non-interest
bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or any applicable L/C Issuer as a result of any
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any applicable L/C Issuer against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as
no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting
Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal
amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans or L/C Obligations were made at a time when the conditions set forth in
Section 7.1 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to
being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender
or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 1.15(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; 

(c) such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments and outstanding Loans shall be excluded for purposes of calculating any
facility fee payable to Lenders pursuant to Section 2.1 in respect of any day during any Defaulting Lender Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender, and such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any fee
pursuant to Section 2.1 with respect to such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment in respect of any Defaulting Lender Period with respect to such Defaulting Lender (and any Letter of Credit fee otherwise
payable to a Lender who is a Defaulting Lender shall instead be paid to the L/C Issuers and the Non-Defaulting Lenders for their use and benefit); 

(d) all or any part of such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolver Percentage (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation
does not cause the sum of the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of Revolving Loans of each Lender, the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of all interests in Swing Loans of each Lender and the aggregate Original Dollar Amount of all interests in
L/C Obligations of each Lender to exceed such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments in effect at such time; and 

(e) if the
reallocation described in clause (d) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to the Borrowers hereunder or under applicable law, (x) first, the U.S. Borrower shall prepay
Swing Loans in an amount equal to the Defaulting Lenders participation in Swing Loans and (y) second, if so requested by an L/C Issuer, the applicable Borrower shall provide cash collateral in an amount not to exceed any Defaulting
Lenders Revolver Percentage of L/C Obligations owed by such Borrower that are then outstanding (to be held by the Administrative Agent as set forth in Section 9.4 hereof). 

26 

No Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender shall be increased or extended, and, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Section 1.15, performance by any Borrower of its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified as a result of the operation of this
Section 1.15. The rights and remedies against a Defaulting Lender under this Section 1.15 are in addition to other rights and remedies which any Borrower may have against such Defaulting Lender and
which the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. Subject to Section 13.27, no reallocation under clause (d) above shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party
hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such
Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation. 

Section 1.16.Designated Borrowers. 

(a) Designated Borrowers. The U.S. Borrower may at any time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the
U.S. Borrower to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), request to designate any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower (an
Applicant Borrower) as a Designated Borrower to receive Loans and Letters of Credit hereunder by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed
notice and agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit J (a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower
becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities provided for herein (i) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other customary documents or
information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent, and Notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent any Lender so requires, and (ii) upon
the reasonable request of any Lender received in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Designated Borrower Effective Date, the Applicant Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied
with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act and any Applicant Borrower
that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Designated Borrower Effective Date, a
Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Applicant Borrower (the requirements in clauses (i) and (ii) hereof, the Designated Borrower Requirements). If the Designated Borrower Requirements
are met, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit K (a Designated Borrower Notice) to the U.S. Borrower and the Lenders specifying the effective date
upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes hereof (the Designated Borrower Effective Date), whereupon each of the Lenders 

27 

agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Loans and Letters of Credit hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated
Borrower otherwise shall be a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that no Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date five (5) Business Days
after such Designated Borrower Effective Date. 

(b) Appointment. Each Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower that is or becomes a
Designated Borrower pursuant to this Section 1.16 hereby irrevocably appoints the U.S. Borrower to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and agrees that (i) the
U.S. Borrower may execute such documents on behalf of such Designated Borrower as the U.S. Borrower deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Designated Borrower shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document executed on its
behalf, (ii) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent or the Lender to the U.S. Borrower shall be deemed delivered to each Designated Borrower and (iii) the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may accept, and be
permitted to rely on, any document, instrument or agreement executed by the U.S. Borrower on behalf of each of the Loan Parties. 

(c)
Termination. Upon the payment in full of all Loans made to any Designated Borrower and performance in full of all other obligations of such Designated Borrower under this Agreement (and no Letter of Credit issued for the account of such
Designated Borrower being outstanding) then, so long as at the time notice is given to such effect from the Agent to the Lenders (which notice the Agent shall give promptly upon its receipt of a request therefor from the U.S. Borrower) no Notice of
Borrowing in respect of such Designated Borrower is outstanding, (x) such Subsidiarys status as a Designated Borrower shall immediately terminate and such Subsidiary shall cease to have the rights and obligations of a Borrower
hereunder and (y) the Lenders shall be under no further obligation to make any Loans hereunder to such Designated Borrower. 

SECTION 2.
FEES. 

Section 2.1.Fees. (a) Revolving Credit Facility Fee. The U.S. Borrower
shall pay or cause the relevant Loan Party to pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders in accordance with their Revolver Percentages a facility fee at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for the facility
fee (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and the actual number of days elapsed) on the average daily Revolving Credit Commitments, whether or not in use. Such facility fee shall be payable quarterly in
arrears on the last day of each January, April, July and October in each year (commencing on the first such date occurring after the date hereof) and on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, unless the Revolving Credit Commitments are terminated in
whole on an earlier date, in which event the facility fee for the period to the date of such termination in whole shall be paid on the date of such termination. 

28 

(b) Letter of Credit Fees. For each issuance or extension, or increase in the amount,
of any Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 1.3 hereof, the Borrower that originally requested such Letter of Credit shall pay to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee (i) for Letters of
Credit issued by Bank of America in its capacity as an L/C Issuer, at the rate per annum (and computation thereof) specified in the fee letter dated January 31, 2025, between Bank of America, BofA Securities, Inc. and the U.S. Borrower (the
BofA Fee Letter) and (ii) for Letters of Credit issued by any L/C Issuer other than Bank of America, at the rate per annum (and computation thereof) specified in each applicable fee letter between the U.S. Borrower and
such L/C Issuer, in each case of the average daily face amount available to be drawn under each such Letter of Credit and payable as specified in each applicable fee letter. For each Letter of Credit, each Borrower shall pay to the Administrative
Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Lenders in accordance with their Revolver Percentages, a letter of credit fee at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and
the actual number of days elapsed) in effect during each day of such quarter applied to the daily average face amount of Letters of Credit issued at such Borrowers request that were outstanding during such quarter, payable quarterly in arrears
on the last day of each January, April, July and October in each year and on the Revolving Credit Termination Date. In the event of any conflict between the applicable fee letter between the U.S. Borrower and an L/C Issuer and the preceding sentence
with respect to the times when such fronting fee shall be due and payable, the preceding sentence shall control. In addition, each Borrower shall pay to each applicable L/C Issuer for its own account such L/C Issuers standard
issuance, drawing, negotiation, amendment, assignment, and other administrative fees for each Letter of Credit issued at its request as established by such L/C Issuer from time to time. All fees payable pursuant to this
Section 2.1(b) shall be paid in the currency in which the relevant Letter of Credit is issued. The Administrative Agent shall use best efforts to provide invoices for such fees payable pursuant to this Section 2.1(b)
on the applicable due date and any discrepancy in calculations with respect to such fees will be adjusted to the due date for the next billing cycle. 

(c) Administrative Agent Fees. The U.S. Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own use and benefit, the fees agreed to
between the Administrative Agent and the U.S. Borrower in the BofA Fee Letter, or as otherwise agreed to in writing between them. 

SECTION 3.
PLACEAND APPLICATIONOF PAYMENTS. 

Section 3.1.Place and Application of Payments. All payments of principal of and interest on the Loans and
the Reimbursement Obligations, and of all other Obligations payable by each Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall be made by each Borrower to the Administrative Agent by no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time)
on the due date thereof at the office of the Administrative Agent in Charlotte, North Carolina (or such other location as the Administrative Agent may designate to the Borrowers), for the benefit of the Lender(s) or L/C Issuer entitled thereto.
Any payments received after such time shall be deemed to have been received by the Administrative Agent on the next Business Day. All such payments shall be made in U.S. Dollars, in the case of Obligations denominated in U.S. Dollars, Canadian
Dollars, in the case of Obligations denominated in Canadian Dollars, or Euros, in the case of Obligations denominated in Euros, in immediately available funds at the place of payment, in each case free and clear of and without condition or deduction
for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. The Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed 

29 

like funds relating to the payment of any amount payable to any Lender to such Lender, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Unless the Administrative Agent
shall have received notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent
may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, the amount due. 

With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder as to which the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the applicable Borrower has not in
fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such
payment; then each of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds
with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower
with respect to any amount owing under the immediately preceding paragraph shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

Anything contained
herein to the contrary notwithstanding (including, without limitation, Section 1.9(b) hereof), all payments and collections received in respect of the Obligations of a Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any of the
Lenders after acceleration or the final maturity of the Obligations or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments as a result of an Event of Default shall be remitted to the Administrative Agent and distributed as follows: 

(a) first, to the payment of any outstanding costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, in protecting, preserving or enforcing
rights under the Loan Documents, and in any event including all costs and expenses of a character which such Borrower has agreed to pay the Administrative Agent under Section 13.15 hereof (such funds to be retained by the
Administrative Agent for its own account unless it has previously been reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Lenders, in which event such amounts shall be remitted to the Lenders to reimburse them for payments theretofore made to the
Administrative Agent); 

(b) second, to the payment of the Swing Loans owed by such Borrower, both for principal and accrued but unpaid
interest; 

30 

(c) third, to the payment of any outstanding interest and fees due from such Borrower under
the Loan Documents to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid amounts owing to each holder thereof; 

(d) fourth, to
the payment of principal on such Borrowers Loans (other than Swing Loans), unpaid Reimbursement Obligations, together with amounts, to be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral security for any outstanding L/C Obligations of such
Borrower pursuant to Section 9.4 hereof (until the Administrative Agent is holding an amount of cash equal to the then outstanding amount of all such L/C Obligations), it being understood that the aggregate amount paid
to, or held as collateral security for, the Lenders and L/C Issuer shall be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid amounts owing to each holder thereof; 

(e) fifth, to the payment of all other unpaid Obligations of such Borrower to be allocated pro rata in accordance with the aggregate unpaid
amounts owing to each holder thereof; and 

(f) finally, to the relevant Borrower or whoever else may be lawfully entitled thereto. 

SECTION 4. GUARANTY. 

The
payment and performance of the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower and the Designated Borrowers shall at all times be guaranteed by the U.S. Borrower pursuant to Section 12 hereof (the Guaranty).

SECTION 5. DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION. 

Section 5.1.Definitions. The following terms when used herein shall have the following meanings: 

1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or
indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests
or equity of any Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary), or otherwise causing any Person to become a Subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary)
provided that a Borrower or a Subsidiary (or a Person that becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) is the surviving entity. 

Acquisition Indebtedness means any indebtedness of the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that has been issued
for the purpose of financing, in whole or in part, a Material Acquisition and any related transactions (including for the purpose of refinancing or replacing all or a portion of any pre-existing indebtedness
(including any Revolving Loans) of the U.S. Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Person(s) or assets to be acquired); provided that (a) the 

31 

release of the proceeds thereof to the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries is contingent upon the consummation of such Material Acquisition and, pending such release, such proceeds are held in
escrow (and, if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive offer document) for such Material Acquisition is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation of such Material
Acquisition or if such Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such indebtedness, such proceeds shall be promptly applied to satisfy and discharge all obligations of the
U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of such indebtedness) or (b) such indebtedness contains a special mandatory redemption provision (or other similar provision) or otherwise permits such indebtedness to be redeemed or
prepaid if such Material Acquisition is not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation relating to such indebtedness (and if the definitive agreement (or, in the case of a tender offer or similar transaction, the definitive
offer document) for such Material Acquisition is terminated in accordance with its terms prior to the consummation of such Material Acquisition or if such Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive
documentation relating to such indebtedness, such indebtedness is so redeemed or prepaid within 90 days of such termination or such specified date, as the case may be). 

Additional Commitment Lender is defined in Section 1.8(b) hereof. 

Administrative Agentmeans Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent hereunder, and any
successor in such capacity pursuant to Section 11.7 hereof. 

Administrative
Questionnairemeans an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial
Institution. 

Affected Lender is defined in Section 1.14 hereof. 

Affiliate means any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common
control with, another Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person for purposes of this definition if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the
other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, common directors, trustees or officers, by contract or otherwise. 

Agent Parties is defined in Section 13.8 hereof. 

Agreed Currency means Dollars or any Alternative Currency. 

Agreement means this Revolving Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified, amended and restated or
supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. 

Alternative Currency means Euros and Canadian
Dollars. 

32 

Alternative Currency Loan means a Term CORRA Loan or a EURIBOR
Loan. 

AML Legislation is defined in Section 13.25(b) hereof. 

Applicable Margin means, with respect to Loans, Reimbursement Obligations, and the facility fees and letter of
credit fees payable under Section 2.1 hereof, the Applicable Margin shall mean the rates per annum determined in accordance with the following schedule: 

LEVEL RATINGS (S&P/MOODYS) 

APPLICABLE

MARGINFOR

U.S.
BASE

RATE LOANS

UNDER

REVOLVING

CREDITAND

REIMBURSEMENT

OBLIGATIONS

SHALLBE: APPLICABLE

MARGIN

FOR
TERM

SOFR

LOANS

UNDER

REVOLVING

CREDIT

AND

LETTEROF

CREDIT
FEE

SHALL BE: APPLICABLE

MARGIN

FOR

EURIBOR

LOANS

UNDER

REVOLVING

CREDIT

SHALL BE
: APPLICABLE

MARGIN

FOR
TERM

CORRA

LOANS

UNDER

REVOLVING

CREDIT

SHALLBE: APPLICABLE

MARGIN

FOR

FACILITY

FEE SHALL

BE: 

I Greater than or equal to A-/A3 0.000% 0.795% 0.795% 0.795% 0.080% 

II BBB+/Baa1 0.000% 0.910% 0.910% 0.910% 0.090% 

III BBB/Baa2 0.025% 1.025% 1.025% 1.025% 0.100% 

IV BBB-/Baa3 0.100% 1.100% 1.100% 1.100% 0.150% 

V Less than BBB-/Baa3 0.300% 1.300% 1.300% 1.300% 0.200% 

For purposes hereof, (a) the term Rating means the rating assigned by S&P or Moodys
to the U.S. Borrowers long-term unsecured senior Debt without third-party credit enhancement, (b) the term Pricing Date means any date after the Closing Date on which any Rating is changed, withdrawn, suspended
or otherwise unavailable for any reason, and (c) the term Level means the roman numeral set forth in the left-most column of the table above that corresponds to the Rating and rates per annum in the adjoining columns
(with Level I being the highest and Level V being the lowest). The Applicable Margin shall be established based on the Ratings in effect from time to time, and the Applicable Margin established on a Pricing Date shall remain in effect until the next
Pricing Date, provided, however, that (i) if both S&P and Moodys establish a Rating and the Ratings are in adjoining Levels, the Rating in the higher Level will apply, (ii) if both S&P and Moodys establish
a Rating and the Ratings differ by more than one Level, the Rating that is one Level higher than the lowest Level will apply, (iii) if there is only one Rating, the Rating that is 

33 

one Level lower than such Rating will apply, and (iv) if there are no Ratings, Level V shall apply. Any change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change, withdrawal, suspension or
unavailability of a Rating shall be and become effective as of and on the date of the announcement by S&P or Moodys, as the case may be, of the change, withdrawal, suspension or unavailability of such Rating. Each determination of the
Applicable Margin made by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the foregoing shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers and the Lenders absent demonstrable error. 

Applicant Borrower is defined in Section 1.16(a) hereof. 

Application is defined in Section 1.3(b) hereof. 

Approved Fundmeans any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a
Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Assignment and
Acceptance means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 13.12 hereof), and accepted by the
Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit G or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers. 

Authorized Representative means those persons shown on the list of officers provided by each Borrower pursuant to
Section 7.2(f) hereof or on any update of any such list provided by any Borrower to the Administrative Agent, or any further or different officers of any Borrower so named by any previously named Authorized Representative
of such Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent, or, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Section 1, any other officer or employee of the applicable Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a
notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by
the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the
implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part
I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions
or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bank of
America is defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

Basel III Rules is defined in
Section 10.1 hereof. 

34 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding
beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31
C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in
ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

BHC Act
Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

BofA Fee Letter is defined in Section 2.1(b) hereof. 

Borrower and Borrowers are defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

Borrower Materials is defined in Section 8.5 hereof. 

Borrowing means the total of Loans of a single type advanced, continued for an additional Interest Period, or
converted from a different type into such type by the Lenders on a single date and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans and Term CORRA Loans, for a single Interest Period. Borrowings of Loans are made and maintained ratably from each of
the Lenders according to their Revolver Percentages. A Borrowing is advanced on the day Lenders advance funds comprising such Borrowing to a Borrower, is continued on the date a new Interest Period for the same
type of Loans commences for such Borrowing, and is converted when such Borrowing is changed from one type of Loans to the other, all as determined pursuant to Section 1.6 hereof. Borrowings of Swing Loans
are made by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 1.7 hereof. 

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are not authorized or required to close
in New York City, New York and (a) if the applicable Business Day relates to the advance or continuation of, or conversion into, or payment of a EURIBOR Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such
EURIBOR Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such EURIBOR Loan, on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the
Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro, (b) if the applicable Business Day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Term CORRA Loan, on which dealings in deposits in Canadian
Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency, (c) if the applicable Business Day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Canadian Dollars in respect of a
Term CORRA Loan (other than any interest rate settings), on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and (d) if the applicable Business Day relates to the advance or continuation of, or conversion into, or
payment of a Term SOFR Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in U.S. Dollars in respect of any such Term SOFR Loan, or any other dealings in U.S. Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Term
SOFR Loan, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

35 

CAD,CAD $ or Canadian Dollar means lawful money of Canada. 

Canadian Borrower is defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 

Canadian Pension Plan means a pension plan required to be registered under Canadian federal or provincial law that
is maintained or contributed to by any Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries for their employees or former employees, or that any Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries have any liability or contingent liability, but does not include the Canada Pension
Plan or the Quebec Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Quebec, respectively. 

Capital
Lease means any lease of Property which in accordance with GAAP is required to be recorded, classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease or finance lease. 

Capitalized Lease Obligation means, for any Person, the amount of the liability shown on the balance sheet of such
Person in respect of a Capital Lease determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Change of Control means 

(a) the acquisition of ownership or voting control, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, on or after the Closing Date, by any
Person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 1934 Act, as then in effect) of shares representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate Ordinary
Voting Power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the U.S. Borrower; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to acquisitions of capital stock by the Smucker Family so long as the acquisition by the
Smucker Family of such Voting Power shall not result, directly or indirectly, in a going private transaction within the meaning of the 1934 Act; 

(b) the occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the U.S. Borrower by Persons who were
neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of the U.S. Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated; or 

(c) the
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, to any Person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 1934 Act, as then in effect), in each case, other than the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

36 

For purposes of this definition, Ordinary Voting Power means the
aggregate voting power attributable to all shares of Voting Stock of the U.S. Borrower for purposes of electing directors of the U.S. Borrower; Voting Stock means shares of capital stock of any class or classes of a Person
the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to elect corporate directors (or Persons performing similar functions); and Smucker Family means Timothy P. Smucker, Richard K. Smucker, Susan
Smucker Wagstaff and Marcella Smucker Clark, and any member of their immediate families, heirs, legatees, descendants and blood relatives to the fifth degree of consanguinity of such individual, or any trustees or trusts (or other entity created for
estate planning purposes) established for their benefit or the benefit of the members of their immediate families and lineal descendants. 

Closing Date means the date on which each condition described in Section 7.2 was first
satisfied or waived, such date being March 7, 2025. 

CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute thereto. 

Collateral Account is defined in Section 9.4(b) hereof. 

Commitment Amount Increase is defined in Section 1.2 hereof. 

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information,
notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of U.S. Base Rate, Term
SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods and the day basis for calculating
interest for an Agreed Currency) as may be appropriate, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the U.S. Borrower, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the
administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the U.S. Borrower, determines that adoption of any portion
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the
U.S. Borrower, determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however
denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

37 

Consolidated Funded Debtmeans the aggregate outstanding
amount of all Debt of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, after eliminating all offsetting debits and credits between the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries and all other items required to be eliminated in the preparation of consolidated
financial statements of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Net
Worth means, at any time 

(a) the sum of (i) the par value (or value stated on the books of the corporation) of the
capital stock (but excluding treasury stock and capital stock subscribed and unissued) of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, plus (ii) the amount of the paid-in capital and retained earnings
of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case as such amounts would be shown on a consolidated balance sheet of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such time prepared in accordance with GAAP, minus

(b) to the extent included in clause (a), all amounts properly attributable to minority interests, if any, in the stock and surplus of
Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Total Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the U.S. Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as such amount would be shown on a consolidated balance sheet of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the U.S. Borrower for which financial statements
have been (or are required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.5(a) or (b). 

Consolidated Total Capitalizationmeans the sum of Consolidated Net Worth and Consolidated Funded Debt. 

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any
successor administrator). 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
382.2(b). 

Covered Party is defined in Section 13.29 hereof. 

Credit Event means the advancing of any Loan, or the issuance of, or extension of the expiration date or increase in
the amount of, any Letter of Credit. 

38 

Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any applicable
determination date, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source). 

Debt means for any Person (without duplication) (a) all obligations of such Person for money borrowed
(including by the issuance of debt securities), (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business), (c) all obligations of
the types described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) of others secured by any Lien upon Property of (limited to the lesser of (x) the amount of the obligations so secured and (y) the fair market value of the Property subject to
such Lien) or Guaranteed by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed such obligations, and (d) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person. 

Default means any event or condition the occurrence of which would, with the passage of time or the giving of
notice, or both, constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate is defined in
Section 1.10 hereof. 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and
shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

Defaulting
Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any portion of the Loans, participations in L/C Obligations or participations in Swing Loans required to be funded by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date
on which such funding is required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the
date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute or unless such failure has been cured, (c) has notified the U.S. Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder,
or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, unless such notification or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder when a condition precedent to funding has not been satisfied,
(d) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, as applicable, that it will
comply with its funding obligations hereunder, which request was made because of a reasonable concern by the Administrative Agent or the U.S. Borrower that such Lender may not be able to comply with its funding obligations hereunder; provided
that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (d) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, as applicable, or (e) (i) has, or has a direct
or indirect parent that has, (x) been deemed insolvent or become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or (y) become the subject of a Bail-In Action, or (ii) a receiver or
conservator has been appointed for such Lender or its direct or indirect parent company; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any
direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the

39 

enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made
with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (e) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the
Administrative Agent to the Borrowers and each Lender promptly following such determination. 

Defaulting Lender
Period means, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, the period commencing on the date upon which such Lender first became a Defaulting Lender and ending on the following date upon which both (a) the Administrative Agent, the
Borrowers, each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender agree (in their sole discretion) that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, and (b) such Lender shall have purchased at
par such of the Loans (other than Swing Loans) and participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans and participations in
accordance with its Revolver Percentage. 

Designated Borrower is defined in the introductory paragraph of this
Agreement. 

Designated Borrower Effective Date is defined in Section 1.16(a) hereof.

Designated Borrower Notice is defined in Section 1.16(a) hereof. 

Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement is defined in Section 1.16(a) hereof.

Designated Borrower Requirements is defined in Section 1.16(a) hereof. 

Designated Disbursement Account means, with respect to a Borrower, the account of such Borrower identified as its
Designated Disbursement Account to the Administrative Agent in writing prior to the date hereof or such other account as such Borrower may designate to the Administrative Agent in writing from time to time. 

Dodd-Frank Act is defined in Section 10.1 hereof. 

Domestic Borrowers means, collectively, the U.S. Borrower and each Designated Borrower. 

Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States of
America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

40 

EBITDA means, with reference to any period, Net Income for such
period plus all amounts deducted in arriving at such Net Income amount in respect of (a) Interest Expense for such period, (b) federal, state, and local income taxes for such period, (c) depreciation and amortization expense
for such period, (d) non-cash share based compensation expense, (e) non-cash losses, impairment and other similar charges (other than those representing a
reserve for or an actual cash item in any future period) for such period, (f) fees and expenses incurred during such period for Acquisitions, dispositions, investments and debt or equity issuances (whether or not successful) during such period,
and (g) other extraordinary, unusual, non-recurring or one-time cash expenses, losses and charges for such period, including restructuring, merger and integration
expenses, losses and charges, not to exceed 10% of EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to this clause (g)) in any four fiscal quarter period, minus (h) all non-cash gains for such period;
provided, that (i) EBITDA for any entity or assets acquired by any Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to an Acquisition during such period shall be included on a pro forma basis for such period (as determined in good faith by the
U.S. Borrower, assuming the consummation of such Acquisition and the incurrence or assumption of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection therewith occurred on the first day of such period), and
(ii) EBITDA for any entity, business line or business unit sold by any Borrower or any Subsidiary during such period shall be deducted on a pro forma basis for such period (assuming the consummation of such sale or other disposition
occurred on the first day of such period); providedfurther that, at the election of the U.S. Borrower, a pro forma adjustment shall not be required to be made (but may, at the election of the U.S. Borrower, be made) in
connection with (1) any Acquisition for which the aggregate cash and non-cash consideration is less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets, or (2) any sale or other disposition which generates net cash
proceeds of less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit
institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause
(a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with
its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein,
and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with
public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Copy shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.9. 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them,
respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Eligible Assigneemeans
(a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate (engaged in the business of making commercial loans) of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent,
(ii) each L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, and (iii) unless a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided that
notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include (x) any Borrower or any of any Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (y) any Defaulting Lender or any Person that would be a Defaulting Lender if it
were a Lender. 

41 

Environmental Law means any obligation under common law or any
Legal Requirement pertaining to (a) the protection of health, safety or the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) the conservation, management or use of natural resources and wildlife, (c) the protection or use of surface water or
groundwater, (d) the management, manufacture, possession, presence, use, generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, Release, threatened Release, abatement, removal, remediation or handling of, or exposure to, any Hazardous
Material or (e) pollution (including any Release to air, land, surface water or groundwater), and any amendment, rule, regulation, order or directive issued thereunder. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute thereto and
any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder, in each case as amended from time to time. 

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with any Borrower within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by any Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a
withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is insolvent (within the
meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or determined to be in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 or ERISA); (d) the filing of a notice of intent to
terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(c) or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) an
event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of
Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan, or the filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan; or (g) the imposition of any liability
under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBOR is defined in the definition of EURIBOR Rate. 

42 

EURIBOR Loan means a Loan bearing interest at the rate specified
in Section 1.4(c) hereof. 

EURIBOR Rate means, for any Interest Period, the rate per
annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or, if such page ceases to be available, such other commercially available source providing such quotations as
may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that, if the EURIBOR Rate shall be
less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Euro and
mean the single currency that is the lawful money of the Participating Member States of the European Union. 

Event of Default means any event or condition identified as such in Section 9.1 hereof.

Excess Interest is defined in Section 13.20 hereof. 

Excluded Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however
denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits or similar Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office
located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of
such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Revolving Loan or commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Revolving Loan or commitment (other than pursuant to an
assignment request by a Borrower under Section 1.14) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 13.1(a)(ii) or
Section 13.1(c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office,
(c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 13.1(e), (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA, (e) any Canadian withholding Taxes imposed on any
amount paid or credited, or deemed as paid or credited, by or on account of any obligation of the Canadian Borrower under this Agreement: (i) to a Person with which the Canadian Borrower does not deal at arms length (for the purposes of
the Income Tax Act (Canada)) at the time of making such payment (other than where the non-arms length relationship arises solely from such Person having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed
its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement) or (ii) in respect of a debt or other obligation to pay an amount to a
Person with whom the payer is not dealing at arms length (for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) at the time of such payment (other than where the non-arms length relationship arises
solely from such Person having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this
Agreement) and (f) any Canadian 

43 

withholding Taxes imposed on any amount paid or credited, or deemed as paid or credited, to any Person by reason of such Person: (i) being a specified
non-resident shareholder (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Borrower, or (ii) not dealing at arms length (for the purposes of the Income Tax Act
(Canada)) with a specified shareholder (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Canadian Borrower (other than where such Person is a specified shareholder or does not deal at arms length
with a specified non-resident shareholder as a result of the Person having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a
security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement). 

Existing Credit
Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021, by and among the U.S. Borrower, the Canadian Borrower and the other parties thereto (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Closing Date). 

Existing Letter of Credit means any
Letter of Credit (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to giving effect to the Refinancing on the Closing Date. 

Extending Lender is defined in Section 1.8(b) hereof. 

Extension Effective Date is defined in Section 1.8(b) hereof. 

Farm Credit Lender means a federally-chartered Farm Credit System lending institution organized under the Farm
Credit Act of 1971, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 

FATCA means Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof
(including any Revenue Ruling, Revenue Procedure, Notice or similar guidance issued by the IRS thereunder as a precondition to relief or exemption from Taxes under such provisions) and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of
the Code. 

FCA means Financial Conduct Authority. 

FCPA is defined in Section 6.12 hereof. 

Federal Funds Rate is defined in the definition of U.S. Base Rate. 

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Fundmeans any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing,
holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 

44 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from
time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar
functions of comparable stature and authority within the U.S. accounting profession), which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States, Canada or any other nation, or of any political
subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or
functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Guarantee means to guarantee or otherwise be or become liable as endorser, guarantor, surety or otherwise for any
Debt of any other Person (including any Borrower or Subsidiary) or otherwise agree to provide funds for payment of the obligations of another in respect of Debt of such other Person, or to supply funds to or invest in any Person for the purpose of
assuring a creditor in respect of Debt of such Person against loss. 

Guaranty is defined in
Section 4 hereof. 

Hazardous Materialmeans any substance, chemical, compound,
product, solid, gas, liquid, waste, byproduct, pollutant, contaminant or material which is hazardous or toxic, and includes, without limitation, (a) asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof)
and (b) any material classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or words of like import pursuant to an Environmental Law. 

Incremental Amendment is defined in Section 1.2 hereof. 

Incremental Lender is defined in Section 1.2 hereof. 

Incremental Loan Facility is defined in Section 1.2 hereof. 

Incremental Term Loan is defined in Section 1.2 hereof. 

Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means for any Person (without duplication) (a) all obligations of such Person
for money borrowed (including by the issuance of debt securities), (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business),
(c) all obligations of others of the types described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) or the following clauses (d) and (e) secured by any Lien upon Property of (limited to the lesser of (x) the amount of the obligations so
secured and (y) the fair market value of the Property subject to such Lien) or Guaranteed by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed such indebtedness, (d) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, and (e) all
obligations of such Person constituting reimbursement obligations of such Person with respect to drawn letters of credit and bankers acceptances issued for the account of such Person. 

45 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded
Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) above, Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee is defined in Section 13.15(b) hereof. 

Information is defined in Section 13.26 hereof. 

Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the U.S. Borrower, the ratio of EBITDA of
the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter to Interest Expense payable in cash of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended. 

Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the sum of all interest charges of the U.S. Borrower and its
Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Interest Payment Date
means (a) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan, the last day of each Interest Period with respect to such Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan and on the Revolving Credit Termination Date and, if the
applicable Interest Period is longer than three (3) months, on each day occurring every three (3) months after the commencement of such Interest Period, (b) with respect to any U.S. Base Rate Loan (other than Swing Loans), the last
Business Day of every January, April, July and October and on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, and (c) as to any Swing Loan bearing interest by reference to the U.S. Base Rate, the last day of every calendar month and on the Revolving
Credit Termination Date. 

Interest Period means the period commencing on the date a Borrowing of Term SOFR
Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans is advanced, continued, or created by conversion and ending 1, 3, or, in respect of Term SOFR Loans or EURIBOR Loans only, 6 months thereafter, provided, however,that: 

(i) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Revolving Credit Termination Date; 

(ii) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period
shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, provided that, if such extension would cause the last day of an Interest Period for a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans to occur in the following calendar
month, the last day of such Interest Period shall be the immediately preceding Business Day; and 

(iii) for purposes of determining an
Interest Period for a Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, a month means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month; provided,
however, that if there is no numerically corresponding day in the month in which such an Interest Period is to end or if such an Interest Period begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month, then such Interest Period shall end on the last
Business Day of the calendar month in which such Interest Period is to end. 

46 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

ISP is defined in Section 1.3(i) hereof. 

L/C Issuers means Bank of America and each of the financial institutions listed in
Schedule 1 attached hereto under the heading Letter of Credit Sublimit, each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and each such L/C Issuers successors in such capacity as provided in
Section 1.3(h), Section 11.8 and Section 13.12(e) hereof (each an L/C Issuer). 

L/C Obligations means the Original Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn face amounts of all outstanding Letters of
Credit and all unpaid Reimbursement Obligations. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 5.4.
For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to
be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 

L/C Sublimit means the lesser of
(x) $150,000,000 and (y) the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, as may be reduced pursuant to the terms hereof. The L/C Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Commitments. 

Lead Arrangers means BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., RBC Capital Markets LLC, PNC Capital Markets
LLC, and CoBank, ACB. 

Legal Requirement means any treaty, convention, statute, law, regulation, ordinance,
license, permit, governmental approval, injunction, judgment, order, consent decree or any directive, policy or guideline of any Governmental Authority having the force of law or other requirement of any Governmental Authority, whether foreign,
federal, state, provincial, or local. 

Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties
means, collectively, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuers. 

Lenders means and includes the
financial institutions from time to time party to this Agreement, including each Person listed in Schedule 1 attached hereto or that becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 1.2, each Eligible Assignee
that becomes a Lender pursuant to Section 13.12 hereof and, unless the context otherwise requires, the Swing Line Lender (each a Lender). 

Lending Office is defined in Section 10.4 hereof. 

Letter of Credit is defined in Section 1.3(a) hereof. 

47 

Letter of Credit Report means a certificate substantially in the
form of Exhibit F or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Letter of Credit Sublimit
means (i) with respect to Bank of America, $37,500,000, (ii) with respect to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., $37,500,000, (iii) with respect to Royal Bank of Canada, $37,500,000, (iv) with respect to PNC Bank, National Association, $37,500,000 and
(v) with respect to any other Person that becomes an L/C Issuer in accordance with Section 1.3(h),Section 11.8 or Section 13.12(e), in each case, such amount as
agreed to in writing by the Borrowers and such Person at the time such Person becomes an L/C Issuer, as each of the foregoing amounts may be decreased or increased from time to time with the written consent of the Borrowers and the applicable L/C
Issuer (and with respect to any non-pro rata decrease of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the written consent of each L/C Issuer). Any successor L/C Issuer appointed pursuant to
Section 1.3(h),Section 11.8 or Section 13.12(e) shall assume the resigning L/C Issuers Letter of Credit Sublimit. 

Lienmeans any mortgage, lien, security interest, pledge, hypothec, charge or encumbrance of any kind in
respect of any Property, including the interests of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capital Lease or other title retention arrangement and any trust that secures payment of an obligation. 

Loan means any Revolving Loan or Swing Loan, whether outstanding as a U.S. Base Rate Loan, Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR
Loan or Term CORRA Loan or otherwise, each of which is a type of Loan hereunder with such amounts in the Original Dollar Amount thereof. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement (and any amendments, amendments and restatements, modifications or supplements
hereto), the Notes (if any), the Applications, each Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement and each other instrument or document to be delivered by a Loan Party hereunder or thereunder or otherwise in connection therewith. 

Loan Party means each Borrower. 

Major Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that has at such time total assets as determined in accordance with GAAP
(after intercompany eliminations) exceeding $350,000,000. 

Material Acquisition means any Acquisition the total
consideration for which is equal to or greater than $350,000,000. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material
adverse effect on (a) the financial condition, results of operations, business or property of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the rights of or remedies available to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent
against the Borrowers under the Loan Documents, taken as a whole. 

Material Indebtedness means any Indebtedness
for Borrowed Money with an individual principal balance in excess of $250,000,000. 

Maximum Rate is defined in
Section 13.20 hereof. 

48 

Merger means a merger, amalgamation, consolidation or arrangement.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 400l(a)(3) of
ERISA that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, to which any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 

Net Income means, with reference to any period, the net income (or net loss) of the U.S. Borrower and its
Subsidiaries for such period computed on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from Net Income (a) other than with respect to any calculation to be made on a pro forma basis in
accordance with the definition of EBITDA, the net income (or net loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of, or has merged with or into or consolidated with, the U.S. Borrower or another Subsidiary, and
(b) the net income (or net loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an equity interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or other distributions actually paid to the
U.S. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period. 

Non-Defaulting
Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Non-Extending Lender is defined in Section 1.8(b) hereof. 

Note and Notes each is defined in Section 1.11(d) hereof. 

Notice Date is defined in Section 1.8(b) hereof. 

Obligations means, with respect to any Borrower, all obligations of such Borrower to pay principal and interest on
the Loans, all Reimbursement Obligations of such Borrower, all fees and charges payable by such Borrower hereunder, and all other payment obligations of such Borrower arising under any Loan Document or in respect of any Letter of Credit, in each
case whether now existing or hereafter arising, due or to become due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and howsoever evidenced, held or acquired. 

OFAC means the United States Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

OFAC Event is defined in Section 8.11(c) hereof. 

OFAC Sanctions Programs means all laws, regulations, and Executive Orders administered by OFAC, including without
limitation, the Bank Secrecy Act, anti-money laundering laws (including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act), and all economic and trade sanction programs administered by OFAC, any and all similar United States federal laws, regulations or
Executive Orders, and any similar laws, regulations or orders adopted by any State within the United States. 

49 

OFAC SDN List means the list of the Specially Designated Nationals
and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC. 

Original Dollar Amount means the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any
Loan, Letter of Credit or Obligation. 

Other Connection Taxesmeans, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes
imposed as a result of such Recipient engaging or having engaged in a trade or business in the jurisdiction imposing such Tax or any other present or former connection between such Recipient and such jurisdiction; provided, that no such
Recipient shall be deemed to be engaged in a trade or business in, or to have any other connection with, any jurisdiction solely as a result of such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received
payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document pursuant to an assignment request by a Borrower
under Section 1.14. 

Other Taxesmeans all present or future stamp, court or
documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise
with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 1.14 or
Section 13.12). Other Taxes shall not include any Taxes imposed on, or measured by reference to, gross income, net income or gain. 

Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, the greater of
(i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and
(b) with respect to any amount denominated in Canadian Dollars or Euros, as applicable, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Canadian Dollars or Euros, as applicable, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with
respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market. 

Participant Register is defined in Section 13.11 hereof. 

Participating Interest is defined in Section 1.3(e) hereof. 

Participating Lender is defined in Section 1.3(e) hereof. 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in
accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

PBGC means the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any Person succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. 

50 

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan
(as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, (1) that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or (2) with respect to which any
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated
organization or any other entity or organization, including a government or agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Platform is defined in Section 8.5 hereof. 

Principal Payment Default is defined in Section 1.10 hereof. 

Property means, as to any Person, all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed property owned by such
Person whether or not included in the most recent balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries under GAAP. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may
be amended from time to time. 

Public Lender is defined in Section 8.5(e) hereof. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

QFC Credit Support is defined in
Section 13.29 hereof. 

Rate Determination Date means the date that is two
(2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent;
provided, that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative
Agent). 

Recipientmeans the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of
any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 

Refinancing means the
repayment of all amounts outstanding and the termination in full of all commitments under the Existing Credit Agreement. 

Register is defined in Section 13.12 hereof. 

Reimbursement Obligation is defined in Section 1.3(c) hereof. 

51 

Related Person of an Indemnitee means (a) any controlling
person, controlled affiliate or subsidiary of such Indemnitee, (b) the respective directors, officers or employees of such Indemnitee or any of its subsidiaries, controlled affiliates or controlling persons and (c) the respective agents
and advisors of such Indemnitee or any of its subsidiaries, controlled affiliates or controlling persons. 

relevant
currency is defined in Section 13.23 hereof. 

Relevant Rate means, with
respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, Term SOFR, (b) Euros, EURIBOR and (c) Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA, as applicable. 

Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping,
leaching, migration, dumping, or disposing into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the abandonment or discarding of barrels, drums, containers, tanks or other receptacles containing or previously containing any
Hazardous Material. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for
which the 30-day notice period has been waived. 

Required Lenders means,
as of the date of determination thereof, Lenders whose outstanding Loans and interests in Letters of Credit and Unused Revolving Credit Commitments constitute more than 50%of the sum of the total outstanding Loans, interests in Letters of
Credit, and Unused Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders. 

Rescindable Amount is defined in
Section 3.1. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect
to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Revaluation Date means, with respect to any
(a) Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, (i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension thereof, (ii) each date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer, and (iii) each additional date as the Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuers or the Required Lenders shall specify, (b) Term CORRA Loan, (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Term CORRA Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of a Term CORRA Loan and (iii) each additional date as the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall specify and (c) EURIBOR Loan, (i) each date of a Borrowing of a EURIBOR Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of a EURIBOR Loan and (iii) each additional date as the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall specify. 

Revolver Percentage means, for each Lender, the
percentage of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments represented by such Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have been terminated in whole, the Revolver Percentage most recently in effect prior to
such termination (giving effect to any subsequent assignments). 

52 

Revolving Credit means the credit facility for making Revolving
Loans and Swing Loans and issuing Letters of Credit described in Section 1.1, 1.3 and 1.7 hereof. 

Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to
participate in Swing Loans and Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrowers hereunder in an aggregate principal or face amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on
Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, as the same may be reduced or modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The Borrowers and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Revolving
Credit Commitments of the Lenders aggregate $2,000,000,000 on the date hereof. 

Revolving Credit Termination
Date means (i) March 7, 2030, or such later date to which the Revolving Credit Commitments are extended in accordance with Section 1.8(b) hereof or (ii) such earlier date on which the Revolving
Credit Commitments are terminated in whole pursuant to Section 1.13, 9.2 or 9.3 hereof. 

Revolving Loanis defined in Section 1.1 hereof and, as so defined, includes a U.S.
Base Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, a EURIBOR Loan or a Term CORRA Loan, each of which is a type of Revolving Loan hereunder. 

Revolving Note is defined in Section 1.11 hereof. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any
successor thereto. 

Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars,
immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in Euros or Canadian Dollars, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, to be
customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant currency. 

Sanctions is defined in Section 6.11 hereof. 

Scheduled SOFR Unavailability Date is defined in Section 10.2 hereof. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date is defined in Section 10.2 hereof. 

SECmeans the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SOFR Adjustment means 0.10% (10 basis points) per annum. 

53 

Specified Event of Default means an Event of Default under
Section 9.1(j) or 9.1(k) hereof with respect to any Borrower or any Principal Payment Default. 

Specified L/C Issuersmeans Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Royal Bank of Canada and PNC
Bank, National Association. 

Spot Rate for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent or
the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, acting reasonably, to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange
trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided that the Administrative Agent or such L/C Issuer may obtain such
spot rate from another financial institution or third party designated by the Administrative Agent or such L/C Issuer, acting reasonably, if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any
such currency; and provided, further, that such L/C Issuer may use such spot rate quoted on the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars. 

Subsidiary means, as to any particular parent corporation or organization, any other corporation or organization
more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of which is at the time directly or indirectly owned by such parent corporation or organization or by any one or more other entities which are themselves Subsidiaries (within the meaning of this
definition) of such parent corporation or organization. Unless otherwise expressly noted herein, the term Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower or of any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries. 

Successor Rate is defined in Section 10.2 hereof. 

Supported QFC is defined in Section 13.29 hereof. 

Swing Linemeans the credit facility for making one or more Swing Loans described in
Section 1.7 hereof. 

Swing Line Lender means Bank of America, acting in its capacity
as the Lender of Swing Loans hereunder, or any successor Lender acting in such capacity appointed pursuant to Section 13.12 hereof. 

Swing Line Sublimitmeans the lesser of (x) $75,000,000 and (y) the aggregate Revolving Credit
Commitments, as may be reduced pursuant to the terms hereof. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Commitments. 

Swing Loan and Swing Loans each is defined in Section 1.7
hereof. 

Swing Note is defined in Section 1.11 hereof. 

T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 

54 

TARGET Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of
payments in Euro. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings
(including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term CORRA is defined in the definition of Term CORRA Rate. 

Term CORRA Adjustment means (i) 0.29547% (29.547 basis points) per annum for an Interest Period of one-months duration and (ii) 0.32138% (32.138 basis points) per annum for an Interest Period of three-months duration. 

Term CORRA Loan means a Loan bearing interest at the rate specified in Section 1.4(d)
hereof. 

Term CORRA Rate means, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term
rate based on CORRA (Term CORRA), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or, if such page ceases to be available, such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the
Administrative Agent from time to time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period plus the Term CORRA Adjustment for such Interest Period; provided, that, if the Term CORRA Rate shall be less than
zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR means: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR
Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case,plus the SOFR Adjustment; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a U.S. Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with
a term of one month commencing that day, plus the SOFR Adjustment; 

provided that if Term SOFR determined in
accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Replacement Date is defined in Section 10.2(c) hereof. 

55 

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate
administered by CME (or any successor administrator reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page or, if such page ceases to be available, such other commercially available source providing
such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time. 

UCP is defined in
Section 1.3 hereof. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term
is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unused Revolving Credit Commitments means, at any time, the
difference between the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans and L/C Obligations. 

USA Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and
Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56.

U.S. Base Rate means,
for any day, the rate per annum equal to the greatest of: (a) the rate of interest publicly announced by the Administrative Agent from time to time as its prime rate, or its equivalent, for U.S. Dollar loans to borrowers
located in the United States as in effect on such day, with any change in the U.S. Base Rate resulting from a change in said prime rate to be effective as of opening of business on the date specified in the public announcement of the relevant change
in said prime rate (it being acknowledged and agreed that such rate may not be the Administrative Agents best or lowest rate, and the prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of
Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate), (b) the sum of (i) the rate per
annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from
time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate (the Federal Funds Rate); provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so
determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement, plus (ii) 1/2 of 1%, and (c) Term SOFR for such day plus 1.00%; provided that if the U.S. Base Rate shall be less than
1.00%, such rate shall be deemed 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement. If the U.S. Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 10.2 hereof, then the U.S. Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and
(b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 

56 

U.S. Base Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate
specified in Section 1.4(a) hereof. 

U.S. Borrower is defined in the introductory
paragraph of this Agreement. 

U.S. Dollar Equivalent means (a) the amount
of any Obligation or Letter of Credit denominated in U.S. Dollars, (b)(x) in relation to any Obligation denominated in Canadian Dollars or Euros or (y) in relation to any Letter of Credit denominated in Canadian Dollars, (i) the
amount of U.S. Dollars which would be realized by converting Canadian Dollars or Euros, as the case may be, into U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date). 

U.S. Dollars,U.S.$ and $ each means the lawful currency
of the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a
Saturday, (b), a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes is defined in
Section 13.29 hereof. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate is defined in
Section 13.1(e) hereof. 

Voting Participant is defined in
Section 13.11 hereof. 

Voting Participant Notification is defined in
Section 13.11 hereof. 

Voting Stock of any Person means shares of capital stock (or
other equity interests) of any class or classes of a Person the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to elect corporate directors (or other similar position on a governing body). 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of which all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock (other
than directors qualifying shares as required by law) or other equity interests are owned by the U.S. Borrower and/or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower within the meaning of this definition. 

57 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to
any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Section 5.2.Interpretation. The foregoing definitions are equally applicable to both the singular and plural
forms of the terms defined. The words hereof, herein, and hereunderand words of like import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular provision of this Agreement. All references to time of day herein are references to New York City time unless otherwise specifically provided. Where the character or amount of any asset or liability or item of income or expense is
required to be determined or any consolidation or other accounting computation is required to be made for the purposes of this Agreement, it shall be done in accordance with GAAP except where such principles are inconsistent with the specific
provisions of this Agreement, and subject to Section 5.3. References to knowledge of a Loan Party or other Person means the actual knowledge of officers of such Person with responsibility for the relevant subject matter.
Unless the context requires otherwise, any definition of or reference to any agreement (including this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or
other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein). Any reference herein to a merger, transfer,
consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company or limited partnership, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited
liability company or limited partnership (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a
separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company or limited partnership shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company or limited partnership that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any
other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

Section 5.3.Change in Accounting
Principles. If, after the date of this Agreement, there shall occur any change in GAAP from those used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 6.4 hereof and such change shall result in a
change in the method of calculation of any financial covenant, standard or term found in this Agreement, either the Borrowers or the Required Lenders may by notice to the Lenders and the Borrowers, respectively, require that the Lenders and the
Borrowers negotiate in good faith to amend such covenants, standards, and terms so as equitably to reflect such change in GAAP, with the desired result being that the criteria for evaluating the financial condition of the Borrowers and their
Subsidiaries shall be the same as if such change in GAAP had not been made. No delay by the Borrowers or the Required Lenders in requiring such negotiation shall limit their right to so require such a negotiation at any time after such a change in
GAAP. Until any such covenant, standard, or term is amended in accordance with this Section 5.3, the financial covenant shall be computed and determined in accordance with GAAP in effect prior to such change in GAAP.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrowers shall neither be deemed to be in compliance with any financial covenant hereunder nor out of compliance with any financial covenant hereunder if such state of compliance or
noncompliance, as the case may be, would not exist but for the occurrence of a change in GAAP after the date hereof. 

58 

Section 5.4.Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise
specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any
Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Application, and any other document, agreement or instrument entered into by an L/C Issuer and a Borrower or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit, provides for one
or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases,
whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

SECTION 6. REPRESENTATIONSAND
WARRANTIES. 

Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers as follows
(with respect to the representations and warranties in Sections 6.5 and 6.8, on the Closing Date and on any Extension Effective Date only): 

Section 6.1.Organization and Qualification. Each Borrower is (a) duly organized, validly existing, and
in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has the corporate or other organizational power to own its Property and conduct its business as now conducted, and (c) is duly licensed or qualified and in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires such licensing or qualifying, except, with respect to clauses (b) and (c), where the failure to do so
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.2.Authority and Validity of
Obligations. (a) Each Borrower has the corporate and other organizational authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed by it, to make the Borrowings herein provided for, and to perform all of its obligations
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents executed by it. 

(b) The Loan Documents delivered by each Loan Party have been duly
authorized, executed, and delivered by such Loan Party and constitute valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party enforceable against it in accordance with their terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

59 

(c) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents do not, nor does the performance or
observance by any Loan Party of any of the matters and things herein or therein provided for, (i) contravene or constitute a default under any provision of law, except to the extent such contravention or default would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) contravene any judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon any Loan Party, except to the extent such contravention would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(iii) contravene any provision of the organizational documents (e.g., charter, certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, certificate or articles of association, operating agreement, partnership agreement, or other similar
organizational documents) of any Loan Party or (iv) contravene or constitute a default under any indenture or other agreement for Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party, except in each case of this clause (iv) to the extent such
contravention or default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.3.Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock. The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit to refinance existing indebtedness, for their general corporate and working capital purposes (including Acquisitions) and to fund certain fees and
expenses relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any other extension of credit made hereunder will be used for any purpose that would result in a violation of Regulation U of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor), as in effect from time to time. 

Section 6.4.Financial Reports. 

(a) The consolidated balance sheet of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at and for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024, and the
related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity and cash flows of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, which financial statements are
accompanied by the audit report of Ernst & Young LLP, independent public accountants, heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
condition of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at said date and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 

(b) The consolidated balance sheet of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at and for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2025, and
the related unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter then ended heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the
Lenders, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at said date and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in conformity
with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (subject to the absence of footnotes and subject to changes resulting from year-end audit adjustments). 

Section 6.5.No Material Adverse Change. Except to the extent disclosed by the U.S. Borrower in its annual
report on Form 10-K most recently filed with the SEC (which, for purposes of this representation to be made on the Closing Date, is the Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended April 30, 2024), since April 30, 2024, there has been no material adverse change in the financial condition, results of operations, business or property of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

60 

Section 6.6.Full Disclosure. The written factual
information (other than projected financial information, estimates and other forward-looking statements and information of a general economic or industry nature) furnished to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders by or on behalf
of the Borrowers in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the commitments by the Lenders to provide all or part of the financing contemplated hereby (as modified or supplemented by other information so
furnished or publicly available in periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the U.S. Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC), taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, estimates and other
forward-looking statements furnished to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders by or on behalf of the Borrowers in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the commitments by the Lenders
to provide all or part of the financing contemplated hereby, each Borrower represents and warrants only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions, taken as a whole, believed to be reasonable at the time prepared (it
being understood that projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrowers; that projections, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and no assurances are being given that
the results reflected in any projections will be achieved; and that actual results may differ from projections and such differences may be material). 

Section 6.7.Governmental Authority and Licensing. Each Borrower and its Subsidiaries have received all
licenses, permits, and approvals of all foreign, federal, state, provincial, and local governmental authorities, if any, necessary to conduct their businesses, in each case where the failure to obtain or maintain the same would reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.8.Litigation and Other Controversies. Except to
the extent disclosed by the U.S. Borrower in its annual report on Form 10-K most recently filed with the SEC (which, for purposes of this representation to be made on the Closing Date, is the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024), there is no litigation or governmental or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened in writing, against any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their
Property, which is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 6.9.Approvals. No authorization, consent, license or exemption from, or filing or registration with,
any court or governmental department, agency or instrumentality, nor any approval or consent of any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by any Borrower of any Loan Document, except those that have
been obtained and remain in full force and effect or which are not required to be made or obtained as of each time this representation is made or deemed made, or those where the failure to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

61 

Section 6.10.Investment Company. No Borrower is an
investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Section 6.11.OFAC. (a) Each Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of
all United States and Canadian economic sanctions laws (including without limitation the OFAC Sanctions Program) (collectively, Sanctions) applicable to such Borrower, (b) each Subsidiary of each Borrower is in
compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Sanctions applicable to such Subsidiary, and (c) no Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to each Borrowers knowledge, any of its respective directors, officers or
controlled Affiliates, is, as of the date hereof, named on the current OFAC SDN List or is otherwise the target of any Sanctions. 

Section 6.12.FCPA; USA Patriot Act. No Letter of Credit and no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be
used, directly or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity
in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA). As of the date
hereof, each Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the USA Patriot Act and the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), to the extent applicable to them. 

SECTION 7. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. 

Section 7.1.All Credit Events. At the time of each Credit Event hereunder: 

(a) each of the representations and warranties set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents (except in the case of any Credit Event
occurring after the Closing Date, those contained in Sections 6.5 and 6.8) shall be true and correct in all material respects as of said time, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and
warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effector
similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein); 

(b) no Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result of such Credit Event; 

62 

(c) (i) in the case of a Borrowing constituting a Credit Event, the Administrative
Agent shall have received the notice required by Section 1.6 or Section 1.7 hereof, (ii) in the case of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall have received
a duly completed Application for such Letter of Credit together with any fees called for by Section 2.1 hereof, and (iii) in the case of an extension or increase in the amount of a Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C
Issuer shall have received a written request therefor in a form acceptable to such L/C Issuer together with fees called for by Section 2.1 hereof; and 

(d) If the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then, with respect to the first Credit Event for such Designated Borrower, the
conditions of Section 1.16 to the designation of such Borrower as a Designated Borrower shall have been met as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Each request for a Borrowing constituting a Credit Event hereunder and each request for the issuance of, increase in the amount of, or
extension of the expiration date of, a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower making such request on the date on such Credit Event as to the facts specified in subsections (a) through (c),
both inclusive, of this Section; provided, however, that the Lenders may continue to make advances under the Revolving Credit, in the sole discretion of the Lenders with Revolving Credit Commitments, notwithstanding the failure of any
Borrower to satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth above and any such advances so made shall not be deemed a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or other condition set forth above that may then exist. 

Section 7.2.Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of all of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) the Administrative Agent shall have received this Agreement duly executed by
the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer; 

(b) if requested by any Lender in writing at least two
(2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received for such Lender such Lenders duly executed Note of each Borrower dated the date hereof and otherwise in compliance with the provisions of
Section 1.11 hereof; 

(c) the Administrative Agent shall have received copies of each Borrowers articles
of incorporation and bylaws (or comparable organizational documents) and any amendments thereto, certified in each instance by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary (or individual holding a comparable position); 

(d) the Administrative Agent shall have received copies of resolutions (or equivalent authorizations) of each Borrowers Board of
Directors (or similar governing body) authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, together with specimen signatures of the persons authorized to execute such documents on
each Borrowers behalf, all certified in each instance by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary or other appropriate officer; 

(e) the
Administrative Agent shall have received copies of the certificates of good standing (or equivalent instrument) for each Borrower (dated no earlier than 30 days prior to the date hereof) from the office of the secretary of state (or equivalent)
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; 

63 

(f) the Administrative Agent shall have received a list of each Borrowers Authorized
Representatives; 

(g) the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all fees payable on the Closing Date to the Administrative
Agent pursuant to the BofA Fee Letter; 

(h) the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all fees payable on the Closing Date
to the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders (including upfront fees for the Lenders); 

(i) the Administrative Agent shall have received payment
of all fees and expenses (including without limitation all fees and expenses of U.S. counsel and Canadian counsel to the Administrative Agent) of the Administrative Agent incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby for which (in the case of expenses) an invoice has been submitted to the U.S. Borrower at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date hereof; 

(j) prior to, or substantially concurrently with the Closing Date, the Refinancing shall have been consummated; 

(k) the Administrative Agent shall have received the favorable written opinion of (a) Calfee, Halter & Griswold LLP, counsel to
the U.S. Borrower and (b) Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP, counsel to the Canadian Borrower; 

(l) the Administrative Agent and
each Lender shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information relating to the Borrowers required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, requested in writing by the Administrative Agent or such Lender at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date; and 

(m) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of an Authorized Representative of the U.S. Borrower, certifying as of the
Closing Date that: 

(i) each of the representations and warranties set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents is
true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier
date; provided that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effector similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any
qualification therein) (and the Borrowers execution and delivery of this Agreement shall constitute a representation and warranty that the condition precedent contained in this subsection (m)(i) has been satisfied on the date of this
Agreement); and 

64 

(ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the
Closing Date or would occur on the Closing Date as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Borrowers or the performance of their respective obligations hereunder. 

The occurrence of the Closing Date shall be confirmed by a written notice from the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers and the Lenders on
the Closing Date, and shall be conclusive evidence of the occurrence thereof. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 7.2, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be
deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender. 

SECTION 8. COVENANTS. 

Each
Borrower agrees that, so long as any Revolving Credit Commitment or Loan is outstanding hereunder, except to the extent compliance in any case or cases is waived in writing pursuant to the terms of Section 13.13 hereof:

Section 8.1.Maintenance of Business. Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to,
preserve and maintain its existence, except (a) as otherwise provided in Section 8.9 hereof or (b) with respect to any Subsidiary, to the extent the failure to preserve and maintain its existence would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 8.2.Maintenance of Properties.
Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, maintain, preserve, and keep its Property, plant, and equipment in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), except where the failure to do so would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 8.3.Taxes and Assessments. Each
Borrower shall duly pay and discharge, and shall cause each Subsidiary to duly pay and discharge, all material Taxes imposed upon or against it or its Property, in each case before the same become delinquent and before penalties accrue thereon,
unless and to the extent that the same are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are provided therefor, or to the extent that such failure would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 8.4.Insurance. The Borrowers shall, and shall cause each
Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies or through self-insurance, (i) insurance or self-insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks as is considered adequate by
such Borrower, in its good faith judgment, and (ii) all other insurance as may be required by material law. The Borrowers will furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, information in
reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. 

65 

Section 8.5.Financial Reports. The U.S. Borrower shall,
and shall cause each Subsidiary to, (x) maintain true and complete books of record and account, in which appropriate entries in conformity with GAAP in accordance with customary business practice shall be made, (y) furnish to the
Administrative Agent such information respecting the business and financial condition of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (z) without any request, furnish to the Administrative Agent
for distribution to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers: 

(a) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 45 days after the last day
of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the U.S. Borrower, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter and the related consolidated statements of
comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter and for the fiscal year-to-date period then ended, each in
reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year, prepared by the U.S. Borrower in accordance with GAAP (subject to the absence of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments) and certified to by its chief financial officer or another officer of the U.S. Borrower reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(b) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 90 days after the last day of each fiscal year of the U.S. Borrower, a copy of the
consolidated balance sheet of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the fiscal year then ended and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows of the U.S.
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by an opinion (without a going
concern qualification or exception or qualification as to the scope of the audit, other than a going concern statement that is due to the impending maturity of any Debt or due to the anticipated occurrence of the Revolving Credit
Termination Date, in each case, in the following 12 months) of Ernst & Young LLP or another firm of independent public accountants of recognized national standing, selected by the U.S. Borrower, to the effect that the consolidatedfinancial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal
year and the results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended and that an examination of such accounts in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and,
accordingly, such examination included such tests of the accounting records and such other auditing procedures as were considered necessary in the circumstances; 

(c) notice of any Change of Control; 

(d) promptly after knowledge thereof of any Borrower, written notice of (i) any pending litigation or governmental or arbitration
proceeding against any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their Property which is reasonably likely to be adversely determined, and if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder; and 

66 

(e) with each of the financial statements delivered pursuant to subsections (a) and
(b) above, a written certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (Compliance Certificate) signed by the chief financial officer of the U.S. Borrower (or another officer of the U.S. Borrower reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to the effect that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or, if any such Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, setting forth a description of such Default or Event
of Default and specifying the action, if any, taken by the U.S. Borrower or any Subsidiary to remedy the same. Such certificate shall also set forth the calculations supporting such statements in respect of Section 8.13
hereof. 

Delivery within the period specified above in clauses (a) and (b) of the U.S. Borrowers quarterly report on
Form 10-Q (with respect to clause (a)) or annual report on Form 10-K (with respect to clause (b)), in each case, prepared in compliance with the requirements
therefor and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of clause (a) or (b) above, as applicable. The U.S. Borrower will be deemed to have made such delivery if it has timely
made such Form 10-Q or 10-K, as applicable, available on EDGAR and on its homepage on the worldwide web (at the date of this Agreement located at
www.smucker.com). The U.S. Borrower may comply with the requirements of the other clauses of this Section 8.5 by publishing such statements and reports on its internet web site or another accessible electronic database and
giving the Administrative Agent notice (which shall contain an electronic link to the location on EDGAR or the U.S. Borrowers homepage on the worldwide web where such forms are located) thereof. 

Each Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that (A) the Administrative Agent and/or the Lead Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated
to, make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a
substantially similar electronic transmission system (a Platform), (B) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any of the Borrowers or their Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with
respect to such Persons securities, (C) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC
shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (D) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, each Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower
Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to such Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws; provided, however,
that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 13.26 hereof, (E) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available
through a portion of a Platform designated as Public Side Information; and (F) the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being
suitable only for posting on a portion of a Platform not designated as Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers shall not be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC. 

67 

Section 8.6.Inspection. Each Borrower shall, and
shall cause each Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent and each of its duly authorized representatives and agents to visit and inspect any of its Property, corporate books, and financial records, to examine and make copies of its books of
accounts and other financial records, and to discuss its affairs, finances, and accounts with, its officers having responsibility for the matters being discussed at such reasonable times during normal business hours and on reasonable prior notice;
provided that, (a) so long as no Event of Default exists, the Borrowers shall not be required to, or to cause any Subsidiary to, permit more than one such visit, discussion or inspection with respect to the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, collectively, during any twelve (12) month period, and (b) the obligations of the Borrowers under this Section 8.6 shall be limited to the extent (x) necessary to permit them to comply with
applicable Legal Requirements or the terms of confidentiality agreements entered into by any Borrower or any Subsidiary with any third parties, (y) any document, information or other matter is subject to bona fide attorney-client or similar
privilege or constitutes bona fide attorney work product or (z) relating to matters relating to the Borrowers relationship with the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and/or the L/C Issuers. 

Section 8.7.Debt. No Borrower shall permit any Subsidiary that is not a Borrower to issue, incur, assume,
create or have outstanding any Debt, or incur liabilities for interest rate, currency, or commodity cap, collar, swap, or similar hedging arrangements, or apply for or become liable to the issuer of a letter of credit which supports an obligation of
any other Person; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not restrict nor operate to prevent: 

(a) the Obligations
owing to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders (and their Affiliates); 

(b) obligations arising out of interest rate,
currency, or commodity cap, collar, swap, or similar hedging arrangements entered into with financial institutions in connection with bona fide hedging activities in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 

(c) endorsement of items for deposit or collection of commercial paper received in the ordinary course of business; 

(d) intercompany advances from time to time among the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, and Guarantees and similar undertakings in respect of
such obligations; 

(e) Debt and other liabilities outstanding (or commitments existing) on the date hereof and, to the extent in excess of
$25,000,000 in principal amount, listed on Schedule 8.7 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the principal amount of such Debt or other liabilities, as the case may be, is
not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except (x) by an amount equal to a premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any
existing commitments unutilized thereunder, or (y) to the extent otherwise permitted by this Section 8.7; 

68 

(f) Debt of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower after the date hereof or is
amalgamated with, merged into or consolidated with the U.S. Borrower, the Canadian Borrower or any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower after the date hereof, and Debt which is assumed in connection with any Acquisition or other investment after the date
hereof, which Debt is existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower or is so amalgamated, merged or consolidated, or at the time of such Acquisition or other investment (other than Debt incurred solely in contemplation of such
Persons becoming a Subsidiary of a Borrower or such Acquisition or other investment, as applicable); 

(g) Guarantees by any
Subsidiary of any Debt of any other Subsidiary and Guarantees by any Subsidiary of any other Debt permitted under this Section 8.7; and 

(h) (i) Debt and (ii) obligations in respect of letters of credit; provided that the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of such Debt and other obligations incurred pursuant to this clause (h) (when taken together, but in the case of such obligations in clause (ii), only including the amount of obligations constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to
such letters of credit to the extent drawn) plus (without duplication) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of indebtedness or other obligations secured by a Lien pursuant to Section 8.8(j) do not at any time exceed
12.5% of Consolidated Total Capitalization as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the U.S. Borrower for which financial statements have been (or are required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 8.5(a) or (b). 

Section 8.8.Liens. No Borrower shall, nor shall
it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur or permit to exist any Lien of any kind on any Property owned by any such Person; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent: 

(a) Liens in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age benefits, social security obligations, taxes,
assessments, statutory obligations or other similar charges (other than Liens arising under (i) ERISA or (ii) any Canadian federal and provincial pension laws unless such Lien arises or persists in the normal course of the funding or
administration of a Canadian Pension Plan in compliance with applicable law), or in connection with bids, tenders, contracts, leases, surety bonds, performance, completion and guarantee bonds and other obligations of a like nature, or cash or other
deposits required to be made in the ordinary course of business, provided in each case that the obligation is not for borrowed money; 

(b)
mechanics, workmens, materialmens, landlords, carriers or other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) judgment liens and judicial attachment liens not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.1(g) hereof
and the pledge of assets for the purpose of securing an appeal, stay or discharge in the course of any legal proceeding; 

69 

(d) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any operating lease or licensor
under any licensing agreement; 

(e) easements,
rights-of-way, building, zoning and similar restrictions, utility agreements, covenants, reservations, restrictions, encroachments, changes, and other similar
encumbrances against real property incurred in the ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary, taken as a whole, and any condemnation or eminent domain
proceedings affecting any real property; 

(f) Liens existing on the date hereof and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided
that (i) no additional Property is covered thereby (other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into such Property and proceeds and products thereof), (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased
except as contemplated by Section 8.7(e), (iii) there are no additional direct or contingent obligors with respect thereto, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefitted thereby is
permitted by Section 8.7(e); 

(g) Liens on Property of a Person existing at the time such Person is amalgamated
with, merged into or consolidated with the U.S. Borrower, the Canadian Borrower or any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower or becomes a Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower, or at the time such Property is acquired by the U.S. Borrower, the Canadian Borrower
or any Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower; provided that (i) such Liens were not created in contemplation of such amalgamation, merger, consolidation, acquisition or investment, (ii) such Liens do not extend to any assets other than
(A) those of the Person amalgamated with, merged into or consolidated with the U.S. Borrower, the Canadian Borrower or such Subsidiary or acquired by the U.S. Borrower or such Subsidiary, and such Persons Subsidiaries, or (B) the
Property so acquired (and after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into such Property and proceeds and products thereof), and (iii) any Debt secured by any such Lien is permitted under Section 8.7(f);

(h) reservations and exceptions relating to Property in Canada contained or implied by statute in the original disposition from the Crown
in right of Canada and grants made by the Crown in right of Canada of interests so reserved or accepted; 

(i) Liens securing intercompany
advances permitted by Section 8.7(d) to the extent solely in favor of a Borrower or a Subsidiary; and 

(j) Liens
securing indebtedness or other obligations not prohibited by Section 8.7, provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Debt incurred pursuant to Section 8.7(h) plus (without
duplication) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such indebtedness or other obligations secured by a Lien pursuant to this subsection (j) will not at any time exceed 12.5% of Consolidated Total Capitalization as of the most recently
ended fiscal quarter of the U.S. Borrower for which financial statements have been (or are required to have been) delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.5(a) or (b). 

70 

Section 8.9.Mergers, Consolidations and Sales.
(a) The U.S. Borrower shall not be a party to any Merger (other than the Merger of any Subsidiary with the U.S. Borrower where the U.S. Borrower is the continuing and surviving Person); provided, however, that the foregoing shall
not apply to nor operate to prevent a Merger if, immediately after giving effect to such Merger, no Default or Event of Default exists and (i) the U.S. Borrower is the continuing and surviving Person or (ii) if the U.S. Borrower is not the
continuing and surviving Person, (A) the U.S. Borrower (x) provides the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers at least ten (10) Business Days advance written notice prior to such Merger and (y) uses its
reasonable best efforts to deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all documentation and other information regarding such continuing and surviving Person requested by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the
L/C Issuers in writing at least seven (7) Business Days prior to the such Merger for purposes of ensuring compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot
Act, not fewer than two (2) Business Days prior to such Merger and (B) if the continuing and surviving Person is not a Domestic Subsidiary (prior to giving effect to such transaction or related series of transactions) (w) the
continuing and surviving Person is organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (x) immediately prior to such Merger, the continuing and surviving Person (I) is not
an operating company, (II) does not hold any equity interests, directly or indirectly, in any operating company and (III) is not owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any operating company, in the case of subclauses (I), (II) and
(III), other than the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (prior to giving effect to such transaction or related series of transactions), (y) such Merger is not part of any acquisition transaction involving an operating company other than the
U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (prior to giving effect to such transaction or related series of transactions) and (z) the continuing and surviving Person delivers a written instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
confirming its assumption of all of the Obligations of the U.S. Borrower; 

(b) The Canadian Borrower shall not be a party to any Merger;
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent (i) a Merger by the Canadian Borrower with the U.S. Borrower where the U.S. Borrower is the continuing and surviving Person, (ii) a Merger of the
Canadian Borrower with a Subsidiary after giving effect to which, a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be the continuing and surviving Person and (iii) a Merger of the Canadian Borrower with any other Person after giving effect to which the Canadian
Borrower or any other Wholly-Owned Subsidiary is the surviving and continuing Person; provided that, in each case of clauses (ii) and (iii), the amalgamated or continuing and surviving Person resulting from such transaction (x) is
organized and existing under the laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof, the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia and (y) shall deliver a written confirmation to the Administrative Agent
confirming that it is subject to all of the Obligations of the Canadian Borrower hereunder; 

71 

(c) No Designated Borrower shall be a party to any Merger; provided, however,
that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent (i) a Merger by a Designated Borrower with the U.S. Borrower where the U.S. Borrower is the continuing and surviving Person, (ii) a Merger of such Designated Borrower with a
Subsidiary after giving effect to which, a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary shall be the continuing and surviving Person and (iii) a Merger of such Designated Borrower with any other Person after giving effect to which such
Designated Borrower or any other Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary is the surviving and continuing Person; provided that, in each case of clauses (ii) and (iii), the amalgamated or continuing and surviving Person
resulting from such transaction shall deliver a written confirmation to the Administrative Agent confirming that it is subject to all of the Obligations of such Designated Borrower hereunder; 

(d) The U.S. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the Property of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent any such sale, transfer, lease or other disposition so long as no Default or
Event of Default exists prior to and immediately after giving effect to such sale, transfer or lease. 

Upon the consummation of a Merger that is
permitted by Section 8.9 hereof and to which the U.S. Borrower is a party but is not the surviving or continuing Person, the successor Person formed by such Merger or into which the U.S. Borrower is merged, consolidated or
amalgamated shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the U.S. Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the U.S. Borrower
herein and the U.S. Borrower shall thereupon be released from all obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 

Section 8.10.Compliance with Laws. Each Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, comply in all
material respects with the requirements of all foreign, federal, state, provincial, and local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances and orders applicable to or pertaining to its Property or business operations, except in such instances in which
(a) such requirement of law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 8.11.Compliance with Sanctions and the FCPA. (a) Each Borrower
shall at all times comply in all material respects with the requirements of all United States and Canadian export controls laws and Sanctions applicable to such Borrower and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply in all material respects
with the requirements of all Sanctions applicable to such Subsidiary. 

(b) Each Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent, the L/C
Issuers and the Lenders any information requested in writing by the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and the Lenders regarding such Borrower, its Affiliates, and its Subsidiaries that it is necessary for the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers
and the Lenders to collect to comply with applicable Sanctions; subject however, in the case of Affiliates, to such Borrowers ability to provide information applicable to them. 

72 

(c) If any Borrower obtains actual knowledge or receives any written notice that such
Borrower, any controlled Affiliate or any Subsidiary is named on the then current OFAC SDN List (such occurrence, an OFAC Event), such Borrower shall promptly (i) give written notice to the Administrative Agent, the
L/C Issuers and the Lenders of such OFAC Event, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws with respect to such OFAC Event (regardless of whether the party included on the OFAC SDN List is located within the jurisdiction of the United States),
including Sanctions. 

(d) No Borrower shall, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, use any of the proceeds of the Loans or use any Letter
of Credit, directly or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official
capacity in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 

(e) No Borrower shall,
nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, use any of the proceeds of the Loans or use any Letter of Credit, directly or (to the knowledge of the U.S. Borrower) indirectly, to fund any activities or business (x) of or with any individual or entity
that is the target of Sanctions (including any individual or entity named on the most current OFAC SDN List or any other economic sanctions list maintained by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or any individual or entity owned 50% or more
directly or indirectly by one or more parties named on any such list), (y) in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, except, in the case of (x) or (y), to the extent
permissible for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (z) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. 

(f) The U.S. Borrower shall maintain in effect policies and procedures as are appropriate in its reasonable business judgment to ensure
compliance by the U.S. Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with the requirements of any United States and Canadian export controls laws, the FCPA and Sanctions, in each case which are applicable
to the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Section 8.12.Use of Proceeds. Each Borrower shall use
the credit extended to it under this Agreement solely for the purposes set forth in, or otherwise permitted by, Section 6.3 hereof. 

Section 8.13. Financial Covenant. 

(a) Interest Coverage Ratio. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the U.S. Borrower, commencing with the first fiscal quarter
ending after the Closing Date, the U.S. Borrower shall not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio to be less than 3.50 to 1.00. 

(b)
At any time after the definitive agreement for any Material Acquisition shall have been executed (or, in the case of a Material Acquisition in the form of a tender offer or similar transaction, after the offer shall have been launched) and prior to
the consummation of such Material Acquisition (or termination of the definitive documentation in respect thereof), any Acquisition Indebtedness (and the proceeds of such indebtedness) shall be excluded from the determination of minimum Interest
Coverage Ratio. 

73 

SECTION 9. EVENTSOF DEFAULTAND
REMEDIES. 

Section 9.1.Events of Default. Any one or more of the following shall
constitute an Event of Default hereunder: 

(a) default in the payment when due of all or any part of the
principal of any Loan (whether at the stated maturity thereof or at any other time provided for in this Agreement) or of any Reimbursement Obligation, or default for a period of five (5) days in the payment when due of any interest,fee
or other Obligation payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; 

(b) default in the observance or performance of any covenant set
forth in Sections 8.5(d)(ii), 8.7, 8.8, 8.9, or 8.13 hereof; 

(c) default in the observance or
performance of any other provision hereof or of any other Loan Document which is not remedied within 30 days after written notice thereof is given to any Borrower by the Administrative Agent; 

(d) any representation or warranty made herein or in any other Loan Document or in any certificate furnished to the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto proves untrue in any material respect as of the date of the issuance or making or deemed making thereof; 

(e) this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect (except to the extent
it is terminated in accordance with its terms) or is declared by a Loan Party to be null and void, or any Loan Party makes any assertion in writing terminating, repudiating or rescinding any Loan Document executed by it or any of its obligations
thereunder (other than in accordance with the terms of any such Loan Document); 

(f) default (after giving effect to any grace periods)
shall occur under any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money issued, assumed or guaranteed by any Borrower or any Subsidiary aggregating in excess of $200,000,000, or under any indenture, agreement or other instrument under which the same may be issued,
and (i) either (x) the maturity of any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall have been accelerated or (y) such default shall continue for a period of time sufficient to permit the acceleration of the maturity of any such
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (whether or not such maturity is in fact accelerated), or (ii) any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall not be paid when due; 

(g) any judgment or judgments, writ or writs or warrant or warrants of attachment, or any similar process or processes, shall be entered or
filed against any Borrower or any Subsidiary, or against any of its Property, in an aggregate amount in excess of $200,000,000 (except to the extent fully covered by independent third-party insurance and as to which the insurer has not disclaimed
coverage), and which remains undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 days; 

74 

(h) an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has
resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Borrower under ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount which would be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(i) any Change of Control shall occur; 

(j) any Borrower or any Major Subsidiary shall (i) not pay, or admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become
due, (ii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) apply for, seek, consent to or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any
substantial part of its Property, (iv) institute any proceeding seeking to have entered against it an order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended, or the
Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), as amended, or the Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), as amended, to adjudicate it insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up,
liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or (v) take any corporateaction in furtherance of any matter
described in parts (i) through (iv) above; or 

(k) a custodian, receiver, receiver and manager, trustee, examiner,
liquidator or similar official shall be appointed for any Borrower or any Major Subsidiary, or any substantial part of any of its Property, or a proceeding described in Section 9.1(j)(iv) shall be instituted against any
Borrower or any Major Subsidiary, and such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any Borrower or any Major Subsidiary shall have entered involuntarily against it an
order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended, or the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), as amended, or the
Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), as amended. 

Section 9.2.Non-Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of
Default (other than those described in subsection (j) or (k) of Section 9.1 hereof with respect to any Borrower) has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, by written notice to the Borrowers:
(a) if so directed by the Required Lenders, terminate the remaining Revolving Credit Commitments and all other obligations of the Lenders hereunder on the date stated in such notice (which may be the date thereof); (b) if so directed by
the Required Lenders, declare the principal of and the accrued interest on all outstanding Loans to be forthwith due and payable and thereupon all outstanding Loans, including both principal and interest thereon, shall be and become immediately due
and payable together with all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents without further demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind; (c) if so directed by the Required Lenders, demand that each Borrower immediately pay to the
Administrative Agent the full amount then 

75 

available for drawing under each or any Letter of Credit issued for such Borrowers account hereunder to be held as cash collateral in accordance with
Section 9.4(b), and each Borrower agrees to immediately make such payment and acknowledges and agrees that the Lenders would not have an adequate remedy at law for failure by such Borrower to honor any such demand
and that the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, shall have the right to require such Borrower to specifically perform such undertaking whether or not any drawings or other demands for payment have been made under any Letter of
Credit and (d) subject to Section 13.2(b) hereof, exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent, after giving
notice to any Borrower pursuant to Section 9.1(c) or this Section 9.2, shall also promptly send a copy of such notice to the other Lenders, but the failure to do so shall not impair or annul the
effect of such notice. 

Section 9.3.Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default described in
subsections (j) or (k) of Section 9.1 hereof with respect to any Borrower has occurred and is continuing, then (a) all outstanding Loans shall immediately become due and payable together with all other
amounts payable under the Loan Documents without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, (b) the obligation of the Lenders to extend further credit pursuant to any of the terms hereof shall immediately terminate, (c) each
Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent the full amount then available for drawing under all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for such Borrowers account hereunder to be held as cash collateral in accordance with
Section 9.4(b), each Borrower acknowledging and agreeing that the Lenders would not have an adequate remedy at law for failure by such Borrower to honor any such demand and that the Lenders, and the Administrative
Agent on their behalf, shall have the right to require such Borrower to specifically perform such undertaking whether or not any draws or other demands for payment have been made under any of the Letters of Credit, and (d) subject to
Section 13.2(b) hereof, the Administrative Agent may exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents. 

Section 9.4.Collateral for Undrawn Letters of Credit. (a) If the prepayment of the amount
available for drawing under any or all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for the account of a Borrower hereunder is requiredunder Section 1.9(b), Section 1.15,
Section 9.2 or Section 9.3 above, such Borrower shall forthwith pay the amount required to be so prepaid, to be held by the Administrative Agent as provided in subsection (b) below. 

(b) All amounts prepaid pursuant to subsection (a) above shall be held by the Administrative Agent in one or more separate collateral
accounts (each such account, and the credit balances, properties, and any investments from time to time held therein, and any substitutions for such account, any certificate of deposit or other instrument evidencing any of the foregoing and all
proceeds of and earnings on any of the foregoing being collectively called the Collateral Account) as security for, and for application by the Administrative Agent (to the extent available) to, the reimbursement of any
payment under any Letter of Credit issued at the request of the Borrower that made such prepayment then or thereafter made by the applicable L/C Issuer, and to the payment of the unpaid balance of all other Obligations of such Borrower. The
Collateral Account shall be held in the name of and subject to the exclusive dominion and control of the 

76 

Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and the L/C Issuers. If and when requested by the relevant Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall invest
funds held in the Collateral Account from time to time in direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America with a remaining maturity of one year or less;
provided that the Administrative Agent is irrevocably authorized to sell investments held in the Collateral Account when and as required to make payments out of the Collateral Account for application to amounts due and owing from such
Borrower to any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders; provided, however, that (i) if any Borrower shall have made payment of all obligations referred to in subsection (a) above required under
Section 1.9(b) and Section 1.15 hereof, if any, at the request of such Borrower the Administrative Agent shall release to such Borrower amounts held in the Collateral Account so long as at the time
of the release and after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default exists and, in the case of Section 1.15 hereof, the Defaulting Lender Period with respect to the relevant Defaulting Lender has terminated, and
(ii) if any Borrower shall have made payment of all obligations referred to in subsection (a) above required under Section 9.2 or 9.3 hereof, so long as no Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit
which have been cash collateralized or with respect to which other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer have been made), Revolving Credit Commitments, Loans or other Obligationsremain outstanding, at the request
of such Borrower the Administrative Agent shall release to such Borrower any remaining amounts prepaid by such Borrower that are held in the Collateral Account. 

SECTION 10. CHANGEIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 

Section 10.1.Change of Law. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, if at any time any change in applicable law or regulation (and for purposes of this Agreement, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all regulations, guidelines or directives in connection therewith (the
Dodd-Frank Act) and all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United
States, Canadian or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case, pursuant to Basel III (the Basel III Rules) are deemed to have been adopted and gone into effect after the date hereof), or in the interpretation thereof, in
each case occurring after the date hereof, makes it unlawful for any Lender to make or continue to maintain any Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans or to perform its obligations as contemplated hereby, such Lender shall promptly give
notice thereof to the Borrowers and such Lenders obligations to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans under this Agreement shall be suspended until it is no longer unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain Term
SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans. Each Borrower, at its election, shall on the last day of the Interest Period therefor (or on demand, if such Lender cannot legally maintain such Loan), either (i) prepay the outstanding principal
amount of any such affected Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans made to it, together with all interest accrued thereon and all other amounts then due and payable to such Lender under this Agreement, (ii) in the case of a Domestic
Borrower, convert the principal amount of the affected Term SOFR Loans or EURIBOR Loans from such Lender into U.S. Base Rate Loans from such Lender (including, to the extent necessary, by 

77 

converting the currency of such Loans denominated in Euros into U.S. Dollars in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent amount thereof) or (iii) in the case of the Canadian Borrower, convert the
principal amount of the affected Term CORRA Loans from such Lender into U.S. Base Rate Loans from such Lender (and converting the currency of such Loans into U.S. Dollars in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent amount thereof), which U.S. Base Rate Loans
shall not be made ratably by the Lenders but only from such affected Lender. 

Section 10.2.Inability to
Determine Rates. 

(a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan or a conversion of U.S.
Base Rate Loans into Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant
Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 10.2(b) or Section 10.2(c) and the circumstances under clause (i) of
Section 10.2(b) or of Section 10.2(c) have occurred and are unlikely to be temporary or the Scheduled Unavailability Date or the Scheduled SOFR Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such
Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with
respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan (other than in the circumstances described under clause (i) of Section 10.2(b) or of Section 10.2(c)), or (ii) the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not
adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the U.S. Borrower and each Lender. 

Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert U.S.
Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with
respect to the Term SOFR component of the U.S. Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the U.S. Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the
Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 10.2(a), until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 

Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Term SOFR Loans, or
Borrowing of, or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing
of U.S. Base Rate Loans in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and (ii) (A) any outstanding affected Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate Loans at the end of the

78 

applicable Interest Period and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Borrowers election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of U.S. Base Rate
Loans in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan at the end of the applicable Interest Period or (2) be prepaid in full at the end of the applicable Interest Period; provided that if no
election is made by the applicable Borrower by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency Loan, the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents but solely with respect to Alternative Currencies
and the Relevant Rates applicable thereto, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the U.S. Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent
(with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrowers) that the U.S. Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined in good faith, that: 

(i) 

adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency
because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate under this Agreement is available or published on a current basis, and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) 

the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency, or any Governmental Authority
having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency under this Agreement shall or will no longer be
representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Alternative Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement,
there is no successor administrator that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency (the latest date on which all tenors of the
Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency under this Agreement are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date); 

or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 10.2(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in
effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the U.S. Borrower may amend this Agreement for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Alternative Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Alternative Currency in accordance with this
Section 10.2 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Alternative Currency for such
alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and
denominated in such Alternative Currency for such benchmarks (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Non-SOFR Successor Rate, and
collectively with the SOFR Successor Rate, each a Successor Rate), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted
such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the U.S. Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

79 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents,
but solely with respect to Dollars and the Relevant Rate applicable thereto, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the U.S. Borrower or Required Lenders
notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrowers) that the U.S. Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined in good faith, that: 

(i) 

adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest
periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) 

CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction
over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest
periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. Dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise
cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR on a representative basis after
such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled SOFR
Unavailability Date); 

then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (any such date, the
Term SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later
than the Scheduled SOFR Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the
Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the SOFR Successor Rate). 

If the SOFR Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 

80 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily
Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 10.2(c)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the SOFR
Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the U.S. Borrower may amend this Agreement for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current SOFR Successor Rate in accordance with this
Section 10.2 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then
existing convention for similar U.S. Dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving
due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments,
shall constitute a SOFR Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower
unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

(d) The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the U.S. Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any
Successor Rate. 

(i) 

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the
extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers. 

(ii) 

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be
less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(iii) 

In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the
U.S. Borrower, will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any
further action (other than consultation with the U.S. Borrower as noted above) or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such
amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

81 

(e) For purposes of this Section 10.2, those Lenders that do not have an obligation
under this Agreement to make the relevant Loans in the relevant Agreed Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 13.13 to the contrary.

Section 10.3.Increased Cost and Reduced Return. (a) If, after the date hereof, the adoption of any
applicable law, rule or regulation (and for purposes of this Agreement, the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III Rules are deemed to have been adopted and gone into effect after the date hereof), or any change therein, or any change in the
interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender (or its Lending Office) or any L/C Issuer (or its
Lending Office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency: 

(i) shall subject any Lender (or its Lending Office) to any duty or other charge with respect to its Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR
Loans or Term CORRA Loans, its Notes, or its obligation to make Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans; 

(ii)
shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement (including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) against assets of, deposits with or for
the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (or its Lending Office) or any L/C Issuer (or its Lending Office) or shall impose on any Lender (or its Lending Office) or any L/C Issuer (or its Lending Office) or on the interbank market
any other condition affecting its Term SOFR Loans, its Notes, its EURIBOR Loans, its Term CORRA Loans, its Letter(s) of Credit, or its participation in any thereof, any Reimbursement Obligation owed to it, or its obligation to make Term SOFR Loans,
EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans, or to issue a Letter of Credit, or to participate therein; or 

(iii) shall subject any
Lender (or its Lending Office) or any L/C Issuer (or its Lending Office) to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income
Taxes) on its Loans, its Notes, its Letter(s) of Credit, or its participation in any thereof, any Reimbursement Obligation owed to it, or on its obligation to make Loans, or to issue a Letter of Credit, or to participate therein, or its deposits,
reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender (or its
Lending Office) or such L/C Issuer (or its Lending Office) of making or maintaining any Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loans (or in the case of Taxes, any Loan), issuing or maintaining a Letter of Credit, or participating therein,
or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender (or its Lending Office) or such L/C Issuer (or its Lending Office) under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document with respect thereto, by an amount deemed by such
Lender or L/C Issuer to be material, then, within 15 days after demand by 

82 

such Lender or L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the U.S. Borrower shall pay or cause the relevant Loan Party to pay to such Lender or L/C Issuer such additional
amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer for such increased cost or reduction; provided that such amounts shall be no greater than amounts that such Lender or L/C Issuer is generally charging other borrowers or
account parties similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers. 

(b) If, after the date hereof, any Lender, any L/
C Issuer, or the Administrative Agent shall have determined that the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (and for purposes of this Agreement, the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III Rules are
deemed to have been adopted and gone into effect after the date hereof), or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender (or its Lending Office) or any L/C Issuer (or its Lending Office) or any corporation controlling such Lender or L/C Issuer with any request or directive regarding
capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has had the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or L/C Issuers or such
corporations capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or L/C Issuer or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such
Lenders or L/C Issuers or such corporations policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender or L/C Issuer to be material, then from time to time, within 15 days after demand by
such Lender or L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), each Borrower shall pay to such Lender or L/C Issuer, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer for such
reduction; provided that such amounts shall be no greater than amounts that such Lender or L/C Issuer is generally charging other borrowers or account parties similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the Borrowers. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender or L/C Issuer claiming compensation under this Section 10.3 and setting forth the
additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder in reasonable detail shall be conclusive if reasonably determined. In determining such amount, subject to the provisos at the end of clauses (a) and (b) above, such Lender or
L/C Issuer may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers shall not be obligated to compensate any Lender or L/C Issuer for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than
90 days prior to the date the Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies such Borrower of its intention to claim compensation therefor and no Lender shall be entitled to claim any amounts pursuant to this
Section 10.3, unless such Lender is then generally claiming or generally will claim such amounts in similar circumstances under comparable credit facilities with similar provisions to this
Section 10.3 to which it is a party with borrowers that are similarly situated to and of similar creditworthiness to the relevant Borrower. 

83 

Section 10.4.Lending Offices. Each Lender and L/C Issuer
may, at its option, elect to make its Loans and issue its Letters of Credit hereunder at the branch, office or affiliate specified on the Administration Questionnaire provided by it to the Administrative Agent (each a Lending
Office) for each type of Loan available hereunder and for each Borrower hereunder or at such other of its branches, offices or affiliates as it may from time to time elect and designate in a written notice to the Borrowers and the
Administrative Agent. All terms of this Agreement shall apply to any such Lending Office and the Loans, Letters of Credit, participations in L/C Obligations and any Notes issued hereunder shall be deemed held by each Lender or each L/C Issuer, as
the case may be, for the benefit of any such Lending Office. To the extent reasonably possible, a Lender shall designate an alternative branch or funding office with respect to its Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans to reduce any
liability of the Borrowers to such Lender under Section 10.3 hereof or to avoid the unavailability of Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans under Section 10.2 hereof, so long as such
designation is not otherwise disadvantageous to the Lender. 

Section 10.5.Discretion of Lender as to Manner
of Funding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each Lender shall be entitled to fund and maintain its funding of all or any part of its Loans in any manner it sees fit, it being understood, however, that for the purposes of
this Agreement all determinations hereunder with respect to Term SOFR Loans, EURIBOR Loans or Term CORRA Loans shall be made as if each Lender had actually funded and maintained each Term SOFR Loan, EURIBOR Loan or Term CORRA Loan through the
purchase of deposits in the applicable interbank eurodollar market having a maturity corresponding to such Loans Interest Period and bearing an interest rate equal to Term SOFR, EURIBOR or Term CORRA for such Interest Period. 

SECTION 11. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. 

Section 11.1.Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer
hereby appoints Bank of America as the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents and hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as the Administrative Agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Loan Documents as
are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Lenders and the L/C Issuers expressly agree that the Administrative Agent is not acting as a fiduciary of the Lenders
or the L/C Issuers in respect of the Loan Documents, the Borrowers or otherwise, and nothing herein or in any of the other Loan Documents shall result in any duties or obligations on the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers
except as expressly set forth herein or therein. 

Section 11.2.Administrative Agent and its Affiliates.
The Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any other Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising such rights and powers as though it were not the Administrative Agent,
and the Administrative Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of business with any Borrower or any Affiliate of any Borrower as if it were not the Administrative Agent under the Loan
Documents. The term Lender as used herein and in all other Loan Documents, unless the context otherwise clearly requires, includes the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender (if applicable). 

84 

Section 11.3.Action by Administrative Agent. If the
Administrative Agent receives from any Borrower a written notice of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.5 hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly give each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers written notice
thereof. The obligations of the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents are only those expressly set forth therein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder
with respect to any Default or Event of Default, except as expressly provided in Section 9.2. Unless and until the Required Lenders give such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take or
refrain from taking such actions as it deems appropriate and in the best interest of all the Lenders and L/C Issuers; provided that (a) in no event shall the Administrative Agent be required to take any action or refrain from taking any
action in violation of applicable law or of any provision of any Loan Document, and (b) the Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act hereunder or under any other Loan Document unless it first
receives any further assurances of its indemnification from the Lenders that it may require, including prepayment of any related expenses and any other protection it requires against any and all costs, expense, and liability which may be incurred by
it by reason of taking, continuing to take or refraining from taking any such action. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to assume that no Default or Event of Default exists unless notified in writing to the contrary by a Lender, an
L/C Issuer, or a Borrower. In all cases in which the Loan Documents do not require the Administrative Agent to take specific action, the Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in using its discretion in failing to take or in taking any
action thereunder. Any instructions of the Required Lenders, or of any other group of Lenders called for under the specific provisions of the Loan Documents, shall be binding upon all the Lenders and the holders of the Obligations. 

Section 11.4.Consultation with Experts. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel, independent
public accountants, and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. 

Section 11.5.Liability of Administrative Agent; Credit Decision. Neither the Administrative Agent nor
any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable (a) for any action taken or not taken by it in connection with the Loan Documents with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders or (b) in the absence of its
own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, or a material breach by the Administrative Agent of its obligations under this Agreement, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any
statement, warranty or representation made in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Credit Event; (ii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of any Borrower or any Subsidiary contained
herein or in any other Loan Document; (iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Section 7 hereof, except receipt of items required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent; or (iv) the validity,
effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability, perfection, value, worth or collectability hereof or of any other Loan Document or of any other documents or writing furnished in connection with any Loan Document; and the

85 

Administrative Agent makes no representation of any kind or character with respect to any such matter mentioned in this sentence. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under any
of the Loan Documents by or through employees, agents, and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be answerable to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers, the Borrowers, or any
other Person for the default or misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected with reasonable care. The Administrative Agent shall not incur any liability
by acting in reliance upon any notice, consent, certificate, other document or statement (whether written or oral) believed by it to be genuine or to be sent by the proper party or parties. In particular and without limiting any of the foregoing,
the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for confirming the accuracy of any compliance certificate or other document or instrument received by it under the Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent may treat the payee of any Obligation
as the holder thereof until written notice of transfer shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent signed by such payee in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has
independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or L/C Issuer, and based upon such information, investigations and inquiries as it deems appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to extend credit
to the Borrowers in the manner set forth in the Loan Documents. It shall be the responsibility of each Lender and each L/C Issuer to keep itself informed as to the creditworthiness of any Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the Administrative
Agent shall have no liability to any Lender or any L/C Issuer with respect thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have
any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any of the Borrowers or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of
its Affiliates in any capacity. 

Section 11.6.Indemnity. The Lenders shall ratably, in accordance
with their respective Revolver Percentages, indemnify and hold the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, and representatives harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, costs or
expenses suffered or incurred by it under any Loan Document or in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby, regardless of when asserted or arising, except to the extent they are promptly reimbursed for the same by any Borrower and
except to the extent that any event giving rise to a claim was caused by the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the party seeking to be indemnified as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment. The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 11.6 shall survive termination of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer shall be entitled
to offset amounts received for the account of a Lender under this Agreement against unpaid amounts due from such Lender to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender hereunder (whether as fundings of participations,
indemnities or otherwise, and with any amounts offset for the benefit of the Administrative Agent to be held by it for its own account and with any amounts offset for the benefit of an L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender to be remitted by the
Administrative Agent to of for the account of such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable), but shall not be entitled to offset against amounts owed to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender by any Lender
arising outside of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

86 

Section 11.7.Resignation of Administrative Agent and
Successor Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers, and the Borrowers. Upon any such resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders
shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent, subject to the consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Borrowers if no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. If no successor
Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders (and consented to by the Borrowers, as applicable), and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the resigning Administrative Agents giving of notice
of resignation then the resigning Administrative Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, on behalf of the Lenders, immediately appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which may be any Lender hereunder or, with the consent (which shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Borrowers if no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any commercial bank, or an Affiliate of a commercial bank, having an office in the United States of America and having
a combined capital and surplus of at least $200,000,000. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of
the resigning Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, the resigning Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents on the earlier of the date
upon which the successor Administrative Agent assumes its duties and the day that is sixty (60) days after the resigning Administrative Agents giving of notice of resignation. After any resigning Administrative Agents resignation
hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Section 11 and all protective provisions of the other Loan Documents shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was
Administrative Agent, but no successor Administrative Agent shall in any event be liable or responsible for any actions of its predecessor. If the Administrative Agent resigns and no successor is appointed, the rights and obligations of such
Administrative Agent shall be automatically assumed by the Required Lenders and the Borrowers shall be directed to make all payments due each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereunder directly to such Lender or L/C Issuer. 

Section 11.8.L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the
Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer and the documents associated therewith, and the Swing Line Lender shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Swing Loans made by the Swing Line Lender hereunder.
Each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender shall have all of the benefits and immunities (a) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Section 11 with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the
applicable L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer or proposed to be issued by it and the Applications pertaining to such Letters of Credit or by the Swing Line Lender in connection with Swing Loans made or to
be made by the Swing Line Lender hereunder as fully as if the term Administrative Agent, as used in this Section 11, included each such L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender with respect to such acts or
omissions and (b) as additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable. Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.7 shall also
constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an 

87 

L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation
as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make U.S. Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Reimbursement Obligations pursuant to Section 1.3. If Bank
of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to
require the Lenders to make U.S. Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Loans pursuant to Section 1.7. Upon the appointment by the Borrowers of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder
(which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as
applicable, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of
credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of
Credit. 

Section 11.9.Designation of Additional Agents. One or more of the Lenders (and/or its or their
Affiliates) may have been designated as syndication agents, documentation agents, book runners, lead arrangers, arrangers, co-agents or
other designations for purposes of this Agreement, but such designation shall have no substantive effect, and neither the Lead Arrangers, syndication agents or co-agents named herein nor any such Lenders and
their Affiliates shall have any additional powers, duties or responsibilities as a result of being named herein or of being so designated. The Administrative Agent may perform its duties hereunder through one or more of its branches (including its
Canada branch), employees or attorneys-in-fact.

Section 11.10.Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt,
to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one
or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Credit Commitments or this Agreement, 

88 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a
class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house
asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Credit Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning
of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of
Credit, the Revolving Credit Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Credit Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the
requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection
(a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving
Credit Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in
writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for
the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Lead Arrangers or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance
into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Credit Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent
under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

Section 11.11.Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or any other judicial proceeding
relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have
made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

89 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and
unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.1 and
13.15 hereof) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or
deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar
official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the
Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.1 and
13.15 hereof. 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept
or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or in any
such proceeding. 

Section 11.12.Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other
provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a
Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same
Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds
Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under
which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform
each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

90 

SECTION 12. THE GUARANTEE. 

Section 12.1.The Guarantee. To induce the Lenders and the L/C Issuers to provide the credits described
herein and in consideration of benefits expected to accrue to the Borrowers by reason of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Loans and the Letters of Credit and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
the U.S. Borrower hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and the L/C Issuers, the due and punctual payment of all present and future
Obligations of each other Borrower, including, but not limited to, the due and punctual payment by each other Borrower of principal of and interest on the Loans, the Reimbursement Obligations, and the due and punctual payment of all other
Obligations now or hereafter owed by each other Borrower under the Loan Documents, in each case as and when the same shall become due and payable, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise, according to the terms hereof or any other
applicable Loan Document (including all interest, costs, fees, and charges after the entry of an order for relief against the Canadian Borrower in a case under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended, or the Companies
Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), as amended, or the Winding-Up and Restructuring Act (Canada), as amended, or any similar proceeding, whether or not such interest, costs, fees and charges would
be an allowed claim against the Canadian Borrower in any such proceeding). In case of failure by any other Borrower punctually to pay any of its Obligations, the U.S. Borrower hereby unconditionally agrees to make such payment or to cause such
payment to be made punctually as and when the same shall become due and payable, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise, and as if such payment were made by such other Borrower. 

Section 12.2.Guarantee Unconditional. The obligations of the U.S. Borrower under this
Section 12 shall be unconditional and absolute and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged, or otherwise affected by: 

(a) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver, or release in respect of any obligation of any other Borrower or other obligor or
of any other guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or by operation of law or otherwise; 

(b) any change in the
corporate existence, structure, or ownership of, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, or other similar proceeding affecting any other Borrower or other obligor, any other guarantor, or any of their respective assets, or any resulting
release or discharge of any obligation of any other Borrower or other obligor or of any other guarantor contained in any Loan Document; 

(c) the existence of any claim, set-off, or other rights which any Borrower or other obligor or any
other guarantor may have at any time against the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether or not arising in connection herewith; 

91 

(d) any failure to assert, or any assertion of, any claim or demand or any exercise of, or
failure to exercise, any rights or remedies against any Borrower or other obligor, any other guarantor, or any other Person or Property; 

(e) any application of any sums by whomsoever paid or howsoever realized to any obligation of any Borrower or other obligor, regardless of
what obligations of any Borrower or other obligor remain unpaid; 

(f) any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any other
Borrower or other obligor or any other guarantor for any reason of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit the payment by any other Borrower or other obligor or any other
guarantor of the principal of or interest on any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation or any other amount payable under the Loan Documents; or 

(g) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any other Person or
any other circumstance whatsoever that might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of the obligations of the U.S. Borrower under this Section 12, other than the defense of
payment or performance in full of the Obligations. 

The Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. 

Section 12.3.Discharge Only upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances. The U.S.
Borrowers obligations under this Section 12 shall remain in full force and effect until the Revolving Credit Commitments are terminated, all Letters of Credit have expired, and the principal of and interest on all
Loans and all other amounts payable by all Borrowers under this Agreement and under all other Loan Documents (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made) have been paid. If at any time any payment of the
principal of or interest on any Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation or any other amount payable by any Borrower under the Loan Documents is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of
any Borrower, or otherwise, the U.S. Borrowers obligations under this Section 12 with respect to such payment shall be reinstated to the extent of the amount so rescinded or otherwise restored or returned at such time
as though such payment had become due but had not been made at such time. 

Section 12.4.Subrogation. The
U.S. Borrower agrees it will not exercise any rights which it may acquire by way of subrogation by any payment made hereunder, or otherwise, until all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been
made) shall have been paid in full subsequent to the termination of all the Revolving Credit Commitments and expiration of all Letters of Credit. If any amount shall be paid to the U.S. Borrower on account of such subrogation rights at any time
prior to the later of (x) the payment in full of the Obligations and all other amounts payable by the Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been made)
and (y) the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments and expiration of all Letters of Credit, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and the L/C Issuers and shall forthwith be
paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers or be credited and applied upon the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

92 

Section 12.5.Waivers. With respect to its
obligations under this Section 12, the U.S. Borrower irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest, and any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be
taken by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any other Person against any Borrower or other obligor, another guarantor, or any other Person. 

Section 12.6.Limit on Recovery. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the right of recovery
against the U.S. Borrower under this Section 12 shall not exceed $1.00 less than the lowest amount which would render the U.S. Borrowers obligations under this Section 12 void or voidable
under applicable law, including, without limitation, fraudulent conveyance law. 

Section 12.7.Stay of
Acceleration. If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by any other Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such other Borrower, all such
amounts otherwise subject to acceleration with respect to such other Borrower under the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall nonetheless be payable by the U.S. Borrower hereunder forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent
made at the request of the Required Lenders. 

Section 12.8.Benefit to Guarantor. The Borrowers are
engaged in related businesses and integrated to such an extent that the financial strength and flexibility of the other Borrowers has a direct impact on the success of the U.S. Borrower. The U.S. Borrower acknowledges that it will derive substantial
direct and indirect benefit from the extensions of credit hereunder. 

Section 12.9.No Liability of Canadian
Borrower for Other Borrower Obligations. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the other Loan Documents to the contrary, (i) the Canadian Borrower shall not be liable or in any manner responsible for, or be deemed to have guaranteed,
directly or indirectly, whether as a primary obligor, guarantor, indemnitor, or otherwise, and none of its assets shall secure, directly or indirectly, any Obligations of the other Borrowers and (ii) the Canadian Borrower shall not be obligated
to make any payment under any of the Loan Documents on behalf of, or with respect to, any Obligations of the other Borrowers. 

SECTION 13.
MISCELLANEOUS. 

Section 13.1.Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to
Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes. 

(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party
under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent or Loan Party) requires the
deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and
documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 

93 

(ii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by
applicable law to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent to be required based
upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance
with applicable law and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the
making of all required deductions for Indemnified Taxes (including deductions for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 13.1) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum
it would have received had no such withholding or deduction of Indemnified Taxes been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the
Borrowers. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrowers shall timely pay, or cause the relevant Loan Party to pay, to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or, at the option of the
Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Tax Indemnifications. 

(i) Without duplication of any additional amounts paid pursuant to Section 13.1(a), the Borrowers
shall, or shall cause the relevant Loan Party to, indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed
or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 13.1) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to a Borrower by a
Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. In the event such certificate reflects Indemnified Taxes that were paid by the
Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority, the Administrative Agent shall also deliver to the relevant Borrower the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return
required by law to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Borrower. 

94 

(ii) Each Lender shall severally indemnify, and shall make payment in
respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative
Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the
provisions of Section 13.11 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each
case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the
Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). 

(d) Evidence of Payments. Upon request by the Administrative Agent, after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental
Authority as provided in this Section 13.1, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of
any return required by law to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Loan Document shall deliver to the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by
such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by a Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such
other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to information
reporting or withholding (including backup withholding) requirements or is entitled to the benefits of any applicable income tax treaty or convention. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution
and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 13.1(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such
completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

95 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the applicable
Borrower is a Domestic Borrower: 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person (or, if any Lender is disregarded as an entity
separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes and such owner is a U.S. Person, the Person treated as such Lenders owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) shall deliver to the U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of a Borrower or the Administrative
Agent), duly completed and executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender or such U.S. Person, as applicable, is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender (or, if any Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax
purposes and such owner is not a U.S. Person, the Person treated as such Lenders owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of a Borrower or the
Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) duly completed and executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to an
applicable income tax treaty; 

(2) duly completed and executed originals of IRS Form
W-8ECI;

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if any Lender is disregarded as
an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes and such owner is not a U.S. Person, the Person treated as such Lenders owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes) claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio
interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender (or such other Person) is not a bank within
the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of a Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) duly completed and executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; 

96 

(4) duly completed and executed originals of IRS Form W8IMY, accompanied by
IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more
direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on
behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do
so, deliver to the U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon the reasonable request of a Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly
completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the U.S. Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if
such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent
at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of
the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such
Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the
date of this Agreement. 

(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to
this Section 13.1 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly (x) update such form or certification or (y) notify the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of
its legal inability to do so. 

97 

(iv) Each Lender shall promptly (A) notify the Borrowers and the
Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (B) if, pursuant to Section 13.1, any Lender becomes entitled to (I) receive from
the Borrowers any payment of any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts or (II) have a Borrower pay to any Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts, then, in each case, such Lender shall
(at the request of the relevant Borrower) take such steps as shall not be disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of
its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable law of any jurisdiction that a Borrower or the Administrative Agent make any withholding or deduction for Taxes from amounts payable to such Lender. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such re-designation.

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable law, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to
file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines in its sole discretion (which shall
be exercised in good faith) that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 13.1,
it shall pay to such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Loan Party under this Section 13.1 with respect to the Taxes giving rise
to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest (to the extent accrued from the date
such refund is paid over to the Loan Party) or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will a Recipient be required to pay any amount to a Loan Party pursuant to this paragraph (f) to the extent such payment would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or
additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to any
Loan Party or any other Person. 

(g) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 13.1
shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 

98 

(h) Canadian Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in
no event shall the Canadian Borrower have any obligations under this Section 13.1 other than to the extent arising directly from or related directly to the Canadian Borrower or any other Obligations of the Canadian Borrower, and in no event
shall the Canadian Borrower have any obligations under this Section 13.1 arising from or related to the Domestic Borrowers or any Obligations of the Domestic Borrowers. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 13.1 shall
establish joint and several or several obligations of the Borrowers. 

Section 13.2.No Waiver, Cumulative
Remedies. (a) No delay or failure on the part of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or on the part of the holder or holders of any of the Obligations, in the exercise of any power or right under any Loan Document shall
operate as a waiver thereof or as an acquiescence in any default, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. The rights and remedies
hereunder of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and of the holder or holders of any of the Obligations are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies which any of them would otherwise have. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law or in equity in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the
Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 9.2 and 9.3 hereof for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the
rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with
Section 13.16 hereof (subject to the terms of Section 13.7 hereof) or (iii) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a
proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as
Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (a) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section and (b) in addition to the matters set forth in
clauses (ii) and (iii) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 13.7, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required
Lenders. 

Section13.3. Non-Business Days. If any payment
hereunder becomes due and payable on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date of such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day on which date such payment shall be due and payable. In the case of any payment of principal,
or payment of fees under Section 2.1(a) and 2.1(b) hereof, falling due on a day which is not a Business Day, interest on such principal amount, or percentages on such fees, as the case may be, shall continue to
accrue during such extension at the rate per annum then in effect, which accrued amount shall be due and payable on the next scheduled date for the payment of interest or fees, as applicable. 

99 

Section 13.4. [Reserved]. 

Section 13.5.Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties made herein or in any other
Loan Document or in certificates given pursuant hereto or thereto shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall continue in full force and effect with respect to the date as of which they were
made as long as any credit is in use or available hereunder. 

Section 13.6.Survival of Indemnities.
All indemnities and other provisions relative to reimbursement to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers of amounts sufficient to protect the yield of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers with respect to the Loans and Letters of Credit, including, but
not limited to, Sections 1.12, 10.3, and 13.15 hereof, shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the payment of the Obligations. 

Section 13.7. Sharing of Set-Off. Each Lender agrees with each other Lender a party
hereto that if such Lender shall receive and retain any payment, whether by set-off or application of deposit balances or otherwise, on any of the Loans or Reimbursement Obligations in excess of its ratable
share of payments on all such Obligations then outstanding to the Lenders, then such Lender shall purchase for cash at face value, but without recourse, ratably from each of the other Lenders such amount of the Loans or Reimbursement Obligations, or
participations therein, held by each such other Lender (or interest therein) as shall be necessary to cause such Lender to share such excess payment ratably with all the other Lenders; provided, however, that (i) if any such purchase is made by
any Lender, and if such excess payment or part thereof is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, the related purchases from the other Lenders shall be rescinded ratably and the purchase price restored as to the portion of such excess
payment so recovered, but without interest and (ii) the provisions of this Section 13.7 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms
of this Agreement (including the application of funds from the existence of a Defaulting Lender or pursuant to Section 1.15) or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of a sale or
participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to a Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 13.7 shall apply). For purposes of this
Section 13.7, amounts owed to or recovered by an L/C Issuer in connection with Reimbursement Obligations in which Lenders have been required to fund their participation shall be treated as amounts owed to or recovered
by such L/C Issuer as a Lender hereunder. 

Section 13.8.Notices. Except as otherwise specified
herein, all notices hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall be in writing (including, without limitation, notice by email or telecopy) and shall be given to the relevant party at its physical address, email address or (other than notices
to a Borrower) telecopier number set forth below, or such other physical address, email address or telecopier number as such party may hereafter specify by notice to the 

100 

Administrative Agent and the Borrowers given by courier, by United States or Canadian certified or registered mail, by telecopy or by email. Notices under the Loan Documents to any Lender or any
L/C Issuer shall be addressed to its physical address, email or telecopier number set forth on its Administrative Questionnaire; notices under the Loan Documents to any Borrower shall be addressed to its respective physical address or email set
forth below; and notices under the Loan Documents to the Administrative Agent shall be addressed to its physical address, email address or telecopy set forth below: 

to the U.S. Borrower:

One Strawberry Lane

Orrville, Ohio 44667

Attention:Treasurer

Telephone: (330) 684-3458

Email:treasury.team@jmsmucker.com 

to the Administrative Agent (For payments and requests for credit extensions):

Bank of America, N.A.

4500 Amon Carter Blvd

Mail Code: TX2-979-02-22

Fort Worth, TX 76155

Attention: Joanna Herrera

Telephone: 469-201-8731

Telecopier: 214-290-9440

E-Mail:joanna.herrera2@bofa.com

to the Canadian Borrower:

One Strawberry
Lane

Orrville, Ohio 44667

Attention:Treasurer

Telephone: (330) 684-3458

Email:treasury.team@jmsmucker.com 

to the Administrative Agent (For other notices):

Bank of America, N.A.

Agency Management

540 W Madison Street

Mail Code: IL4-540-22-29

Chicago, IL 60661

Attention: Angela Larkin

Telephone: 312-828-3882

Telecopier: 877-206-8409

E-Mail:angela.larkin@bofa.com

Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopier (other than notices to the
Borrowers) or email, when such telecopy or email is transmitted to the telecopier number or email address specified in this Section 13.8 or in the relevant Administrative Questionnaire and, in the case of a telecopy, a
confirmation of such telecopy has been received by the sender, (ii) if given by mail, 5 days after such communication is deposited in the mail, certified or registered with return receipt requested, addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if
given by any other means, when delivered at the addresses specified in this Section 13.8 or in the relevant Administrative Questionnaire; provided thatany notice given pursuant to
Section 1 hereof shall be effective only upon receipt. 

101 

EACH PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED
BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF A PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN
CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR A PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Persons (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other
Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of a Borrowers, any Loan Partys or the Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials or notices
through a Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of any Agent Party or any of its Related Persons,
as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. 

The Administrative
Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices, Notice of Borrowings and Applications) believed by it to be genuine and given by or on behalf of the Borrowers even if
(i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any
confirmation thereof. The U.S. Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Persons of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on
each notice believed by it to be genuine and given by or on behalf of any Borrower, except to the extent such losses, costs, expenses and liabilities arise from any such Persons (or any of its Related Persons) gross negligence, bad faith
or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may
be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

Section 13.9.Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and
any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrowers and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees
that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the
legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many
counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without
limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission,
delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the 

102 

Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed
created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and
shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer nor the Swing Line Lender is under any obligation to accept
an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent,
any L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature believed by it to be genuine and given by or
on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed
counterpart.

Neither the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer nor the Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to
ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative
Agents, L/C Issuers or Swing Line Lenders reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender shall be
entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other
distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set
forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof), except to the extent resulting from its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court
with competent jurisdiction. 

Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to
contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and (ii) any claim against the Administrative Agent
and each Lender Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lender Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan
Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature, in each case except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such
Person, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction. 

103 

Section 13.10.Successors and Assigns. This
Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby. Except to the extent provided in Section 8.9 hereof, the Borrowers may not assign any of their rights or
obligations under any Loan Document without the written consent of all of the Lenders and, with respect to any Letter of Credit or the Application therefor, the applicable L/C Issuer. No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or
obligations hereunder except in accordance with Section 13.12. 

Section 13.11.Participants. Each Lender shall have the right at its own cost to grant participations (to be evidenced by one or more agreements or certificates of participation) in the Loans made and Reimbursement Obligations and/or Revolving Credit
Commitments held by such Lender at any time and from time to time to one or more other Persons; provided that (a) no such participation shall relieve any Lender of any of its obligations under this Agreement, (b) no such participant
shall have any rights under this Agreement except as provided in this Section 13.11, and (c) the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation or responsibility to such participant. Any agreement pursuant to which such
participation is granted shall provide that the granting Lender shall retain the sole right and responsibility to enforce the obligations of each Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including, without limitation, the right to
approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents, except that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of the Loan Documents that would reduce the amount
of or postpone any fixed date for payment of any Obligation in which such participant has an interest (subject to the proviso in Section 13.13(i)). Any party to which such a participation has been granted shall have the
benefits of Section 1.12, Section 10.3 and Section 13.1 hereof and to the extent permitted by law, Section 13.16 hereof (subject to the terms of Section 13.7
hereof) (in each case, subject to the obligations and limitations of such Sections (and the compliance of such participant therewith as if it were a Lender) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment
pursuant to Section 13.12 hereof) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 13.1(e) hereof shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation). Each Lender that
sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts
(and stated interest) of each participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or
any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participants interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the
extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries
in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 13.11, no such participation shall be made to any Borrower or any of their Affiliates or Subsidiaries, a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary
benefit of one or more natural persons), or a Defaulting Lender or a Person that would be a Defaulting Lender if it were a Lender. 

104 

Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, any Farm Credit Lender that (i) has purchased
a participation from any Lender that is a Farm Credit Lender in the minimum amount of $5,000,000.00 on or after the Closing Date, (ii) is, by written notice to the U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent (a Voting Participant
Notification), designated by the selling Lender as being entitled to be accorded the rights of a voting participant hereunder (any Farm Credit Lender so designated being called a Voting Participant) and
(iii) receives the prior written consent of the U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent to become a Voting Participant, shall be entitled to vote (and the voting rights of the selling Lender shall be correspondingly reduced), on a dollar for
dollar basis, as if such Voting Participant were a Lender, on any matter requiring or allowing a Lender to provide or withhold its consent, or to otherwise vote on any proposed action, in each case, in lieu of the vote of the selling Lender;
provided, however, that if such Voting Participant has at any time failed to fund any portion of its participation when required to do so and notice of such failure has been delivered by the selling Lender to the Administrative Agent, then until
such time as all amounts of its participation required to have been funded have been funded and notice of such funding has been delivered by the selling Lender to the Administrative Agent, such Voting Participant shall not be entitled to exercise
its voting rights pursuant to the terms of this paragraph, and the voting rights of the selling Lender shall not be correspondingly reduced by the amount of such Voting Participants participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Farm
Credit Lender designated as a Voting Participant on Schedule 13.11 shall be a Voting Participant without delivery of a Voting Participant Notification and without the prior written consent of the U.S. Borrower and the Administrative Agent. To
be effective, each Voting Participant Notification shall, with respect to any Voting Participant, (A) state the full name of such Voting Participant, as well as all contact information required of an assignee, (B) state the dollar amount
of the participation purchased, and (C) include such other information as may be required by the Administrative Agent. The selling Lender and the Voting Participant shall notify the Administrative Agent and the U.S. Borrower within three
Business Days of any termination of, or reduction or increase in the amount of, such participation and shall promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent update or confirm there has been no change in the information set forth in Schedule
13.11 or delivered in connection with any Voting Participant Notification. Each Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on information provided by a Lender identifying itself or its participant as a Farm
Credit Lender without verification thereof and may also conclusively rely on the information set forth in Schedule 13.11 delivered in connection with any Voting Participant Notification or otherwise furnished pursuant to this paragraph and,
unless and until notified thereof in writing by the selling Lender, may assume that there have been no changes in the identity of Voting Participants, the dollar amount of participations, the contact information of the participants or any other
information furnished to any Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this paragraph. The voting rights hereunder are solely for the benefit of the Voting Participants and shall not inure to any assignee or participant of a Voting
Participant. 

Section 13.12.Assignments. (a) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more
Eligible Assignees all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment
shall be subject to the following conditions: 

105 

(i) Minimum Amounts. (A) In the case of an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Revolving Credit Commitment and the Loans and participation interest in L/C Obligations at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an
Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and (B) in any case not described in subsection (a)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment (which for this purpose
includes Loans and participation interest in L/C Obligations outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Revolving Credit Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans and participation interest in L/C
Obligations of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if the Effective Date is specified
in the Assignment and Acceptance, as of such Effective Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers otherwise
consent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts.
Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan, participation interest in L/C Obligations and Swing Loans or the
Revolving Credit Commitment assigned. 

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment
except to the extent required by Section 13.12(a)(i)(B) and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of
the applicable Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required unless (x) a Specified Event of Defaulthas occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such
assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate (engaged in the business of making commercial loans) of a Lender or an Approved Fund; 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be
required for assignments in respect of the Revolving Credit if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; or 

(C) the consent of each L/C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be
required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and 

(D) the consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be
required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Swing Loans (whether or not then outstanding). 

106 

The applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment if it shall have
failed to respond to a request for consent within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of written request for such consent from the Administrative Agent. 

(iv) Assignment and Acceptance. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an
Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (unless waived by the Administrative Agent), and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Borrower or Affiliates. No such assignment shall be made to any Borrower or any of their
Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural
person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons). 

(vii) No Prohibited Transaction. No such assignment shall be made if such assignment would result in a prohibited
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 

(viii) No Assignment to Defaulting
Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 13.12, no such assignment shall be made to a Defaulting Lender or a Person that would be a Defaulting Lender if it were a Lender. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 13.12(b) hereof, from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under
this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all
of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 13.6 and 13.15 with respect to facts and
circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 13.12 shall be treated for
purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 13.11 hereof. 

107 

(b) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of
each Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York City, New York, a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Revolving Credit
Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing by each Borrower to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error,
and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
The Register shall be available for inspection by each Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(c) Any Lender may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure
obligations of such Lender, including any such pledge or grant to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 13.12 shall not apply to any such pledge or grant of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or
grant of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or secured party for such Lender as a party hereto; provided, further, that the right of any such pledgee or
grantee (other than any Federal Reserve Bank or another similarly situated institution) to further transfer all or any portion of the rights pledged or granted to it, whether by means of foreclosure or otherwise, shall be at all times subject to the
terms of this Agreement. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if at any time the Swing Line Lender assigns all of its
Revolving Credit Commitments and Revolving Loans pursuant to subsection (a) above, the Swing Line Lender may terminate its commitments under the Swing Line. In the event of such termination of a Lenders commitments under the Swing Line,
the Borrowers shall be entitled to appoint another Lender to act as the successor Swing Line Lender hereunder (with such Lenders consent); provided, however, that the failure of the Borrowers to appoint a successor shall not
affect the resignation of the Swing Line Lender. If the Swing Line Lender terminates its commitments under the Swing Line, the Swing Line Lender shall retain all of the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided hereunder with respect to Swing Loans
made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such termination, including the right to require Lenders to make Revolving Loans or fund participations in outstanding Swing Loans pursuant to Section 1.7 hereof. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if at any time an L/C Issuer assigns all of its Revolving Credit Commitments and
Revolving Loans pursuant to subsection (a) above, the L/C Issuer may, upon 30 days notice to the Borrowers, resign as L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation of an L/C Issuer, the Borrowers shall be entitled to appoint another
Lender to act as the successor L/C Issuer hereunder (with such Lenders consent); provided, however, that the failure of the Borrowers to appoint a successor shall not affect the resignation of the L/C Issuer. If the L/C Issuer
resigns in such capacity, it shall retain all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer provided hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C
Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make U.S. Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Reimbursement Obligations pursuant to Section 1.3 hereof). 

108 

Section 13.13.Amendments. Any provision of this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents may be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing (with an executed copy thereof promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent if it is not otherwise a party thereto) and is signed by
(a) the Borrowers, (b) the Required Lenders, and (c) if the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, or the Swing Line Lender are affected thereby, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, or the
Swing Line Lender, as applicable; provided that: 

(i) no amendment or waiver pursuant to this
Section 13.13 shall (A) increase any Revolving Credit Commitment, or extend the Revolving Credit Termination Date, of any Lender without the consent of such Lender or (B) reduce the amount of or postpone the date
for any scheduled payment of any principal of or interest on any Loan or of any Reimbursement Obligation or of any fee payable hereunder without the consent of the Lender to which such payment is owing or which has committed to make or holds such
Loan or Letter of Credit (or participate therein) hereunder; provided that, only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be required to (x) waive any Default or Event of Default, or (y) waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay
interest at the Default Rate during the continuance of an Event of Default; 

(ii) no amendment or waiver pursuant to this
Section 13.13 shall, unless signed by each Lender, change the definition of Required Lenders, change the provisions of this Section 13.13, change Section 3.1 or any other
provision hereof in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments or reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments, release the U.S. Borrower as a guarantor of the other Borrowers Obligations, or affect the number of Lenders
required to take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document; 

(iii) the BofA Fee Letter may be amended or its
provisions waived with only the consent of the U.S. Borrower and Bank of America; and 

(iv) the Administrative Agent may,
with the consent of the U.S. Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement the Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, in each case, of a technical or immaterial nature so long as Required Lenders have not objected
within five (5) Business Days following receipt of a copy thereof by the Lenders. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein
to the contrary, (x) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected
Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders) except to the extent expressly provided in Section 1.15 hereof, and (y) this Agreement may be amended or amended and
restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment or amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so
amended or amended and restated), the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other
amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement. 

109 

Section 13.14.Headings. Section headings used in this
Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 

Section 13.15. Costs and
Expenses; Indemnification. (a) Each Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent and of each
Lead Arranger in connection with the preparation, due diligence, negotiation, syndication, and administration of the Loan Documents (including, but not limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel, which
shall be limited to one counsel to the Lead Arrangers and the Administrative Agent, taken as a whole, and of any special and local (but limited to one in any relevant jurisdiction) counsel required to be retained by the Lead Arrangers and the
Administrative Agent, taken as a whole, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel for all similarly situated Persons, taken as a whole in each appropriate jurisdiction), whether or not the transactions
contemplated herein are consummated. Each Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and each Lender, all out-of-pocket costs and expenses
reasonably incurred or paid by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender, including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and disbursements (limited to one counsel to such Persons, taken as a whole, and of any special and
local (but limited to one in any relevant jurisdiction) counsel required to be retained by such Persons, taken as a whole, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel for all similarly situated Persons,
taken as a whole in each appropriate jurisdiction) and court costs, in connection with the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy
Code, the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada) or the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) involving any Borrower as a debtor thereunder) or in connection with any work-out or
restructuring in respect of the Obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in no event shall the Canadian Borrower have any obligations under this Section 13.15(a) other than to the
extent arising directly from or related directly to the Canadian Borrower or any other Obligations of the Canadian Borrower, and in no event shall the Canadian Borrower have any obligations under this Section 13.15(a)
arising from or related to the U.S. Borrower or any Obligations of the U.S. Borrower or any other Domestic Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 13.15(a) shall establish joint and several or several
obligations of the Borrowers. 

(b) Each Borrower further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lead Arranger and L/C Issuer,
each Lender, and each of their Affiliates and successors and assigns and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, financial advisors, controlling Persons, consultants and other representatives (each such Person being called an
Indemnitee) from and against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of counsel (which charges shall be limited to charges of one counsel to all Indemnitees, taken together, and 

110 

of any special and local (but limited to one in any relevant jurisdiction) counsel to the such Indemnitees required to be retained and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest
among Indemnitees, one additional counsel for all similarly situated Persons, taken as a whole in each appropriate jurisdiction) and all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses of litigation or preparation therefor, whether or not the Indemnitee is a party thereto, or any settlement arrangement arising from or relating to
any such litigation; provided that the Borrowers shall not be liable for any settlement (or expenses in respect of such settlement) effected without their prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed)) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to any Loan Document or any of the transactions contemplated thereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of
Credit or any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any Property owned or operated by any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any liability under any Environmental Law relating to any Borrower or any Subsidiary, except,
in each case, (i) to the extent such losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses resulted from such Indemnitees or any of its Related Persons gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as
determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court with competent jurisdiction, (ii) to the extent resulting from any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding that does not involve the act or
omission of a Borrower or any of its Affiliates and that is brought by an Indemnitee solely against another Indemnitee, other than claims against the Lead Arrangers or Administrative Agent in its capacity in fulfilling its role as such or
(iii) to the extent arising from a material breach by such Indemnitee or any of its Related Persons of its obligations under this Agreement as found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court with
competent jurisdiction; provided, that in no event shall the Canadian Borrower have any obligation under this clause (b) other than to the extent arising directly from or related directly to the Canadian Borrower or any other Obligations
of the Canadian Borrower, and in no event shall the Canadian Borrower have any obligations under this clause (b) arising from or related to the U.S. Borrower or any Obligations of the U.S. Borrower or any other Domestic Borrower. For the
avoidance of doubt, nothing in this clause (b) shall establish joint and several or several obligations of the Borrowers. Paragraph (b) of this Section shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses,
liabilities, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c) To the extent permitted by applicable law,
no Borrower shall, nor shall any Indemnitee or any Indemnitees Related Persons, assert, and each such Person hereby waives, any claim against any other such Person, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive
damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that this clause (c) shall not limit the indemnity obligations of any Borrower hereunder. The obligations of each Borrower under this
Section 13.15 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

111 

Section 13.16.Set-off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under the Loan Documents or applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of
any Event of Default, each Lender, each L/C Issuer, each subsequent holder of any Obligation, and each of their respective Affiliates, is hereby authorized by each Borrower at any time or from time to time, to
set-off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including, but not limited to, indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, and in whatever
currency denominated, but not including trust accounts) and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing by such Lender, L/C Issuer, subsequent holder, or Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of such Borrower, whether or not
matured, against and on account of the Obligations of such Borrower to such Lender, L/C Issuer, or subsequent holder under the Loan Documents, including, but not limited to, all claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected
with the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether or not (a) such Lender, L/C Issuer, or subsequent holder shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Loans and other amounts due hereunder shall
have become due and payable pursuant to Section 9 and although such obligations and liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured. Each such Lender, L/C Issuer, or subsequent holder agrees promptly to
notify such Borrower after any such set-off and application is made by such Lender, L/C Issuer, or subsequent holder; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of
such set-off and application. 

Section 13.17.Entire Agreement.
The Loan Documents constitute the entire understanding of the parties thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof and any prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are superseded hereby. 

Section 13.18.Governing Law. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents (except as otherwise specified
therein), and the rights and duties of the parties hereto, shall be construed and determined in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

Section 13.19.Severability of Provisions. Any provision of any Loan Document which is unenforceable in any
jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction, it being
understood that the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with legal, valid and enforceable provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the
illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. All rights, remedies and powers provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise thereof does not violate any applicable mandatory provisions
of law, and all the provisions of this Agreement and other Loan Documents are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law which may be controlling and to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents invalid or unenforceable. 

Section 13.20.Excess Interest.
(a) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, no such provision shall require the payment or permit the collection of any amount of interest in excess of the maximum amount of interest
permitted by applicable law to be charged for the use or detention, or the forbearance in the collection, of all or any portion of the Loans or other obligations outstanding under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (Excess
Interest). If any Excess Interest is provided for, or is 

112 

adjudicated to be provided for, herein or in any other Loan Document, then in such event (i) the provisions of this Section 13.20 shall govern and control,
(ii) no Borrower nor any guarantor or endorser shall be obligated to pay any Excess Interest, (iii) any Excess Interest that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have received hereunder shall, at the option of the Administrative
Agent, be (1) applied as a credit against the then outstanding principal amount of Obligations hereunder and accrued and unpaid interest thereon (not to exceed the maximum amount permitted by applicable law), (2) refunded to the relevant
Borrower, or (3) any combination of the foregoing, (iv) the interest rate payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be automatically subject to reduction to the maximum lawful contract rate allowed under applicable usury
laws (the Maximum Rate), and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been, and shall be, reformed and modified to reflect such reduction in the relevant interest rate, and (v) no Borrower
nor any guarantor or endorser shall have any action against the Administrative Agent or any Lender for any damages whatsoever arising out of the payment or collection of any Excess Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if for any period of time
interest on any of any Borrowers Obligations is calculated at the Maximum Rate rather than the applicable rate under this Agreement, and thereafter such applicable rate becomes less than the Maximum Rate, the rate of interest payable on such
Borrowers Obligations shall remain at the Maximum Rate until the Lenders have received the amount of interest which such Lenders would have received during such period on such Borrowers Obligations had the rate of interest not been
limited to the Maximum Rate during such period. 

(b) Canadian Interest. If any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document would obligate the Canadian Borrower to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to (including for the account of) any Lender in an amount, or calculated at a rate, that would be prohibited by law or would result in a receipt by
such Lender of interest at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)) then, notwithstanding such provision, such amount or rate shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum
amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by law or so result in a receipt by such Lender of interest at a criminal rate, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, as follows: (i) first, by
reducing the amount or rate of interest required to be paid to such Lender under Section 1.4; and (ii) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, premiums and other amounts required to be paid to such Lender that
would constitute interest for purposes of Section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if a Lender shall have received an amount in excess of
the maximum amount permitted by that section of the Criminal Code (Canada), then the Canadian Borrower shall be entitled, by notice in writing to such Lender, to obtain reimbursement from such Lender in an amount equal to such excess, and
pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by such Lender to the Canadian Borrower. Any amount or rate of interest referred to in this Agreement with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments to make Loans to
and issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Canadian Borrower shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices and principles as an effective annual rate of interest over the term that the Revolving Credit
Commitments to make Loans to and issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Canadian Borrower remains outstanding on the assumption that any charges, fees or expenses that fall within 

113 

the meaning of interest (as defined in the Criminal Code (Canada)) shall, if they relate to a specific period of time, be pro-rated over
that period of time and otherwise be pro-rated over the period during which such Revolving Credit Commitments are available and, in the event of a dispute, a certificate of a Fellow of the Canadian Institute
of Actuaries appointed by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive for the purposes of such determination. 

Section 13.21.Construction. The parties acknowledge and agree that the Loan Documents shall not be construed
more favorably in favor of any party hereto based upon which party drafted the same, it being acknowledged that all parties hereto contributed substantially to the negotiation of the Loan Documents. The provisions of this Agreement relating to
Subsidiaries shall only apply during such times as any Borrower has one or more Subsidiaries. 

Section 13.22.Lenders and L/C Issuers Obligations Several. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder are several and not joint. Nothing contained in this Agreement and no action taken by the
Lenders or the L/C Issuers pursuant hereto shall be deemed to constitute the Lenders and the L/C Issuers a partnership, association, joint venture or other entity. 

Section 13.23.Currency. Each reference in this Agreement to U.S. Dollars, to Euros or to Canadian Dollars
(the relevant currency) is of the essence. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the obligation of each Borrower in respect of any amount due in the relevant currency under this Agreement shall, notwithstanding any
payment in any other currency (whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise), be discharged only to the extent of the amount in the relevant currency that the Person entitled to receive such payment may, in accordance with normal banking procedures,
purchase with the sum paid in such other currency (after any premium and costs of exchange) on the Business Day immediately following the day on which such Person receives such payment. If the amount of the relevant currency so purchased is less
than the sum originally due to such Person in the relevant currency, the relevant Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Person against such loss, and if the amount of the specified
currency so purchased exceeds the sum of (a) the amount originally due to the relevant Person in the specified currency plus (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate
payment to such Person under Section 13.7 hereof, such Person agrees to remit such excess to the relevant Borrower. Unless otherwise specified herein, all references to a currency shall be deemed to refer to U.S. Dollars.

Section 13.24.Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. The parties hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City in respect of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other action, proceeding or counterclaim between a Borrower and an Indemnitee arising out of or relating to, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. The parties hereto irrevocably
agree that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court. The parties hereto agree that service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed to the applicable
party shall be effective service of process against such party for any suit, action or proceeding relating to any 

114 

such dispute. The parties hereto irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding
brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. A final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court may be enforced in any other courts
to whose jurisdiction any party hereto is or may be subject by suit upon judgment. THE BORROWERS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE L/C ISSUERSANDTHE LENDERSHEREBYIRREVOCABLYWAIVEANYANDALLRIGHTTOTRIALBYJURYINANYLEGALPROCEEDINGARISINGOUTOFORRELATINGTOANY LOAN DOCUMENTORTHETRANSACTIONSCONTEMPLATEDTHEREBY. 

Section 13.25.USA Patriot Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation; Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and
Terrorist Financing Act (Canada). (a) Each Lender and each L/C Issuer that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies each Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of
the USA Patriot Act and/or the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies such Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and other information that will
allow such Lender or such L/C Issuer to identify each Borrower in accordance with the USA Patriot Act and/or the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. The Borrower shall, promptly following any request therefor, provide information and documentation
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA Patriot Act and the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

(b) The Canadian Borrower acknowledges that, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and
Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) and other applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing, government sanction and know your client laws, whether within Canada or elsewhere (collectively, including any guidelines or orders
thereunder, AML Legislation), the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders may be required to obtain, verify and record information regarding the Canadian Borrower and its directors, authorized signing
officers, direct or indirect shareholders, partners or other Persons in control of the Canadian Borrower and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Canadian Borrower shall promptly provide all such information, including any supporting
documentation and other evidence, as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or any prospective assignee or participant of a Lender or the Administrative Agent, in order to comply with any applicable AML Legislation,
whether now or hereafter in existence. 

If the Administrative Agent has ascertained the identity of the Canadian Borrower, or any
authorized signatories of the Canadian Borrower, for the purposes of applicable AML Legislation, then the Administrative Agent shall: 

(i) be deemed to have done so as an agent for each Lender, and this Agreement shall constitute a written agreement
in such regard between each Lender and the Administrative Agent within the meaning of applicable AML Legislation; and 

115 

(ii) provide each Lender with copies of all information obtained in such
regard without any representation or warranty as to its accuracy or completeness. 

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence and except as may otherwise be
agreed in writing, each of the Lenders agrees that the Administrative Agent has no obligation to ascertain the identity of the Canadian Borrower, or any authorized signatories of the Canadian Borrower, on behalf of any Lender or to confirm the
completeness or accuracy of any information that the Administrative Agent obtains from the Canadian Borrower, or any such authorized signatory, in doing so. 

Section 13.26.Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent, each Lender, and each L/C Issuer
severally agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel
and other advisors to the extent any such Person has a need to know such Information (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will first be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep
such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent,
L/C Issuer or Lender subject to such disclosure, (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or Lender subject to such disclosure
agrees to inform you promptly thereof prior to such disclosure to the extent not prohibited by law, rule or regulation), (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan
Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this
Section 13.26, to (i) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or
its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Borrower or any Subsidiary and its obligations, (g) with the prior written consent of the Borrowers, (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available
other than as a result of a breach of this Section 13.26 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer on a non-confidential basis from
a source other than any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their directors, officers, employees or agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors and that is not to such Persons knowledge subject to confidentiality
obligations to the Borrowers or their Affiliates, or (iii) is independently developed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender without the use of any Information, (i) to rating agencies on a confidential basis if requested or required by
such agencies in connection with a rating relating to the Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder, (j) for purposes of establishing a due diligence defense, (k) customarily provided to market data collectors, similar
services providers to the lending industry and services providers to the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of the Revolving Credit or (l) to entities which compile and publish information about
the syndicated loan market, provided that only basic information about the pricing and structure of the transaction evidenced hereby may be disclosed pursuant to this subsection (l). For purposes of this
Section 13.26, Information means all information received from any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or from any other Person on behalf of any Borrower or any Subsidiary

116 

relating to any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses. The respective obligations of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this
Section 13.26 shall survive, to the extent applicable to such Person, for a period of two years after the earliest of (x) the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement, (y) any
assignment of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and (z) in the case of the Administrative Agent, its resignation or removal. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein or in any other Loan Document shall prohibit any individual
from communicating or disclosing information regarding suspected violations of laws, rules or regulations to a governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authority without any notification to any person. 

Section 13.27.Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected
Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement
or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be
subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be
payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any
Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in
part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of
ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any
rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such
liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 13.28.No Fiduciary Duty. Each Borrower agrees that in connection with all aspects of the
transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, such Borrower and its respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and their respective Affiliates, on the other
hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers or their respective Affiliates and no such duty will be deemed to
have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent, each Lender and their respective Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan
Parties. 

117 

Section 13.29.Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported
QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for swap or hedging agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each
such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below
applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States) that in the event a Covered
Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any
interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would
be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the
event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit
Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the
rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

Section 13.30.Refinancing; Discharge of Existing Credit Agreement. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement on the Closing Date, the Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall terminate without further action by any
party thereto. The Lenders which are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement, comprising the Required Lenders (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) hereby waive any requirement of prior notice of termination of the Revolving Credit
Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) pursuant to Section 1.13(a) thereof and of prepayment of loans thereunder, to the extent necessary to give effect to Section 7.2(j) hereof, provided that any such prepayment
of loans thereunder shall be subject to Section 1.12 of the Existing Credit Agreement. 

[SIGNATURE PAGESTO FOLLOW] 

118 

This Revolving Credit Agreement is entered into between us for the uses and purposes
hereinabove set forth as of the date first above written. 

BORROWERS

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

By: 

/s/ Tucker H. Marshall

Name: Tucker H. Marshall

Title: Chief Financial Officer

SMUCKER FOODSOF CANADA CORP.

By: 

/s/ Tucker H. Marshall

Name: Tucker H. Marshall

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

BANKOF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Angela Larkin

Name: Angela Larkin

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

LENDERSAND L/C ISSUERS

BANKOF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Lender, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender

By: 

/s/ J. Casey Cosgrove

Name: J. Casey Cosgrove

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

as Lender and L/C Issuer

By: 

/s/ Charles Shaw

Name: Charles Shaw

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

ROYAL BANKOF CANADA

as Lender and L/C Issuer

By: 

/s/ Michael Santana-Mondo

Name: Michael Santana-Mondo

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Lender and L/C Issuer

By: 

/s/ Joseph G. Moran

Name: Joseph G. Moran

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

CoBank, ACB

as
Lender

By: 

/s/ True Siffring

Name: True Siffring

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Christi K. Shaw

Name: Christi K. Shaw

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Dan Starr

Name: Dan Starr

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Adnan Osman

Name: Adnan Osman

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Martin H. McGinty

Name: Martin H. McGinty

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Revolving Credit Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORMOF NOTICEOF PAYMENT REQUEST

[Date], 20[]

[Name
of Lender] 

[Address] 

Attention:
[]

Reference is made to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated,
amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S.
Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers,
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.
[The [U.S.][Canadian]Borrower has failed to pay its Reimbursement Obligation in the amount of [CAD]$____________. Your Revolver Percentage of the unpaid Reimbursement Obligation is [CAD]$_____________.] [__________________________ has been required
to return a payment by the [U.S.][Canadian] Borrower of a Reimbursement Obligation in the amount of [CAD]$_______________. Your Revolver Percentage of the returned Reimbursement Obligation is [CAD]$_______________.] 

Very truly yours,

_________________________,

as an
L/C Issuer

By 

Name 

Title 

EXHIBIT B 

FORMOF NOTICEOF BORROWING

Date:[], 20[]

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders parties to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated
as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio
corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to
time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The [U.S.][Canadian][undersigned Designated] Borrower refers to the Credit Agreement (capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein
have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement) and hereby gives you notice irrevocably, pursuant to Section 1.6 of the Credit Agreement, of the Borrowing specified below: 

1. 

The Business Day of the proposed Borrowing is ___________, 20[].

2. 

The aggregate amount of the proposed Borrowing is [][CAD $][$]______________.1

3. 

The Borrowing is being advanced under the RevolvingCredit. 

4. 

The Borrowing is to be comprised of [U.S. Base Rate][Term SOFR][Term CORRA][EURIBOR] Loans.

5. 

[The duration of the Interest Period for the [Term SOFR][Term CORRA][EURIBOR] Loans included in the
Borrowing shall be [] months.2]

I,
[_____________________], the [Chief Financial Officer] of the [U.S.][Canadian][undersigned Designated] Borrower, hereby certify, solely in my capacity as an officer of the U.S. Borrower and not in individual capacity, that the
following statements will be true and correct on the date of the proposed Borrowing set forth above, before and after giving effect to such Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom: 

1 

In accordance with Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement, the U.S. Borrower and any Designated Borrower may
borrow in U.S. Dollars and Euros and the Canadian Borrower may only borrow in Canadian Dollars. 

2 

May be 1, 3, or, in respect of Term SOFR Loans or EURIBOR Loans only, 6 months.

(a) each of the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 6 of the Credit Agreement (except in the case of any Credit Event occurring after the Closing Date, those contained in Sections 6.5 and 6.8 of the Credit Agreement) is true and correct in all material
respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided that any
representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effector similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein); and 

(b) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from such proposed Borrowing. 

[The J. M. Smucker Company]

[Smucker Foods of Canada Corp.]

[NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER]3

By 

Name 

Title 

3 

If the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then the conditions of Section 1.16 of the Credit
Agreement to the designation of such Borrower as a Designated Borrower shall have been met to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. 

EXHIBIT C 

FORMOF NOTICEOF CONTINUATION/CONVERSION

Date: ____________, 20[]

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders parties to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated
as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio
corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to
time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The [U.S.][Canadian][undersigned Designated] Borrower refers to the Credit Agreement (capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein
have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement) and hereby gives you notice irrevocably, pursuant to Section 1.6 of the Credit Agreement, of the [conversion][continuation] of the Loans specified below: 

1. 

The conversion/continuation Date is __________, 20[]. 

2. 

The aggregate amount of the RevolvingLoans to be [converted][continued] is [][CAD
$][$]______________. 

3. 

The Revolving Loans are to be [converted into][continued as] [U.S. Base Rate][Term SOFR][Term
CORRA][EURIBOR] Loans. 

4. 

[The duration of the Interest Period for the Revolving Loans included in the [conversion][continuation] shall
be [] months.1] 

[The J. M. Smucker Company]

[Smucker Foods of Canada Corp.]

[NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER]

By 

Name 

Title 

1 

1, 3, or, in respect of Term SOFR Loans or EURIBOR Loans only, 6 months. 

EXHIBIT D-1

FORMOF REVOLVING NOTE

____________, 20[]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, [The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation][Smucker
Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation][INSERT NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER] (the Maker), hereby promises to pay to ____________________ (the Lender) or its registered
assigns on the Revolving Credit Termination Date of the hereinafter defined Credit Agreement, at the principal office of the Administrative Agent in Charlotte, North Carolina (or such other location as the Administrative Agent may designate to the
Maker), in immediately available funds in [the currency in which each Revolving Loan is advanced][Canadian Dollars], the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans made by the Lender to the Maker pursuant to the Credit Agreement,
together with interest on the principal amount of each Revolving Loan from time to time outstanding at the rates, and payable in the manner and on the dates, specified in the Credit Agreement. 

This Note is one of the Revolving Notes referred to in the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated,
amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S.
Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers,
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and this Note and the holder hereof are entitled to all the benefits provided for thereby or referred to
therein. All capitalized terms used in this Note, except terms otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the Credit Agreement. 

This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

Voluntary prepayments may be made hereon and this Note may be declared due prior to the expressed maturity hereof, all in the events, on the
terms and in the manner as provided for in the Credit Agreement. 

Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Maker hereby
waives demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind hereunder. 

[Signature page follows] 

[The J. M. Smucker Company]

[Smucker Foods of Canada Corp.]

[NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER]

By 

Name 

Title 

[Signature Page to Revolving Note] 

EXHIBIT D-2

FORMOF SWING NOTE

____________, 20[]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the
Maker), hereby promises to pay to Bank of America, N.A. (the Lender) or its registered assigns on the Revolving Credit Termination Date of the hereinafter defined Credit Agreement, at the principal
office of the Administrative Agent in Charlotte, North Carolina (or such other location as the Administrative Agent may designate to the Maker), in immediately available funds in U.S. Dollars, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Swing Loans
made by the Lender to the Maker pursuant to the Credit Agreement, together with interest on the principal amount of each Swing Loan from time to time outstanding at the rates, and payable in the manner and on the dates, specified in the Credit
Agreement. 

This Note is the Swing Note referred to in the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended,
restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S.
Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers,
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and this Note and the holder hereof are entitled to all the benefits provided for thereby or referred to
therein. All capitalized terms used in this Note, except terms otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the Credit Agreement. 

This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

Voluntary prepayments may be made hereon and this Note may be declared due prior to the expressed maturity hereof, all in the events, on the
terms and in the manner as provided for in the Credit Agreement. 

Subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Maker hereby
waives demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind hereunder. 

[Signature page follows] 

The J. M. Smucker Company

By 

Name 

Title 

[Signature Page to Swing Note] 

EXHIBIT E 

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

SMUCKER FOODSOF CANADA CORP. 

FORMOF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative 

Agent under, and the Lenders and 

L/C Issuers parties to, the Credit Agreement 

described below 

This Compliance
Certificate is furnished to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders pursuant to that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a
federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and
the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby certifies, solely in his or her capacity as an officer of the U.S. Borrower and not in his or her individual capacity, as follows: 

1. I, [_______________________], am the [Chief Financial Officer] of the U.S. Borrower; 

2. I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a
detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period from [period begin date] to [period end date] covered by the financial statements reflected in the Form [10-Q OR 10-K] of the U.S. Borrower filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on [date]. These financial statements can be obtained from the
SECs website at http://www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml and from the U.S. Borrowers website at http://www.smucker.com; 

3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 above did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the occurrence and
continuance of a Default or Event of Default as of the date of this Compliance Certificate, except as set forth below; 

4.
The financial statements required by Section 8.5 of the Credit Agreement and being furnished (or deemed furnished) to you concurrently with this Compliance Certificate fairly present in all material respects the
consolidated financial condition of the U.S. Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date of such statement and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in accordance with GAAP [(subject to the absence
of footnote disclosures and year-end audit adjustments)]5; and 

5 

Bracketed language to be included for delivery of quarterly financial statements. 

5. Schedule I hereto sets forth financial data and
computations evidencing the U.S. Borrowers compliance with certain covenants of the Credit Agreement, all of which data and computations are, to the best of my knowledge, true, complete and correct and have been made in accordance with the
relevant sections of the Credit Agreement. 

Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 above by listing, in detail,
the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the U.S. Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event: 

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and the
financial statements delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this ______ day of __________________ 20___. 

[Signature page follows] 

The J. M. Smucker Company

By 

Name 

Title 

SCHEDULE I 

TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY

SMUCKER FOODSOF CANADA CORP. 

COMPLIANCE CALCULATIONS

FOR REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENTDATEDASOF MARCH 7, 2025 

CALCULATIONSASOF _____________,
20[]

Interest Coverage Ratio (Section 8.13(a)) 

1. Net Income for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

2. Interest Expense for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

3. Federal, state, and local Income taxes for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

4. Depreciation and amortization expense for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

5. Non-cash share based compensation expense
for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

6. Non-cash losses, impairment and other
similar charges (other than those representing a reserve for or an actual cash item in any future period) for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

7. Fees and expenses incurred during the past 4 quarters for Acquisitions,
dispositions, investments and debt or equity issuances (whether or not successful) during such period $ ___________ 

8. other extraordinary, unusual,
non-recurring or one-time cash expenses, losses and charges for past 4 quarters, including restructuring, merger and integration expenses, losses and charges, not to
exceed 10% of EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to this Line 8) in any 4 quarter period $ ___________ 

9. EBITDA for any entity or asset acquired pursuant to an Acquisition for past 4
quarters6 $ ___________ 

10. Non-cash gains for past 4
quarters $ ___________ 

6 

At the election of the U.S. Borrower, a pro forma adjustment to EBITDA shall not be required to be made
(but may, at the election of the U.S. Borrower, be made) in connection with any Acquisition for which the aggregate cash and non-cash consideration is less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets.

11. EBITDA for any entity, business line or business unit sold for past 4 quarters7 $ ___________ 

14. Sum of Lines 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 minus Lines 10 and 11
(EBITDA) $ ___________ 

15. Interest Expense for past 4 quarters $ ___________ 

16. Ratio of Line 14 to Line 15 ____:1.0 

17. Line 16 ratio must not be less than 3.50:1.0 

18. The U.S. Borrower is in compliance (circle yes or no) yes/no 

7 

At the election of the U.S. Borrower, a pro forma adjustment to EBITDA shall not be required to be made
(but may, at the election of the U.S. Borrower, be made) in connection with any sale or other disposition which generates net cash proceeds of less than 5% of Consolidated Total Assets. 

EXHIBIT F 

FORMOF LETTEROF CREDIT REPORT

TO: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

RE: 

Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of
Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 

DATE: [Date], 20[]

The undersigned, [insert name of L/C
Issuer] (the L/C Issuer) hereby delivers this report to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to the terms of Section 1.3(j) of the Credit Agreement. 

The L/C Issuer plans to issue, amend, renew, increase or extend the follow Letter(s) of Credit on [Date], 20[].

L/C

No. 

Current

Face

Amount 

Currency 

Financials

or

Performance

SBLC 

Beneficiary

Name 

Issuance

Date 

Expiry

Date 

Date of

Amendment 

Amount of

Amendment

[The L/C Issuer made a payment, with respect to L/C No. _______, on [Date],
20[] in the amount of [CAD]$_____________]. 

[The [U.S.][Canadian] Borrower failed to reimburse the L/C Issuer
for a payment made in the amount of [CAD]$[] pursuant to L/C No. ______ on [Date], 20[].] 

Set forth in
the table below is a description of each Letter of Credit issued by the undersigned and outstanding on the date hereof. 

L/C No. 

Maximum

Face

Amount 

Current

Face

Amount 

Currency 

U.S. Dollar

Equivalent

(if

applicable) 

Financials

or

Performance

SBLC 

Beneficiary

Name 

Issuance

Date 

Expiry

Date 

Auto

Renewal 

Date of

Amendment 

Amount of

Amendment

Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this notice by fax transmission or other electronic
mail transmission (e.g. pdf or tif) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this notice. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

[L/C ISSUER],

as L/C
Issuer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Letter of Credit Report] 

EXHIBIT G 

FORMOF ASSIGNMENTAND ACCEPTANCE

This Assignment and Acceptance (this Assignment and Acceptance) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below
and is entered into by and between [the][each]1 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] Assignor) and [the][each]2 Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] Assignee). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]3 hereunder are several and not joint.]4 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement identified below, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this
Assignment and Acceptance as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably
sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms
and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignors][the respective Assignors] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a
Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto in the amount[s] and equal to the percentage interest[s] identified below of all the
outstanding rights and obligations under the Revolving Credit (including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit and the Swing Loans included in the Revolving Credit) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all
claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in
connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims,
tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any]
Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an] Assigned Interest). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to
[the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor. 

1 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a
single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 

2 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a
single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language. 

3 

Select as appropriate. 

4 

Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees.

1. Assignor[s]: ______________________________

[______________________________]

[Assignor is[ not] a Defaulting Lender]

2. Assignee[s]: ______________________________

______________________________

[for each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [Lender]]

3. Borrower(s): 

4. Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A.

5. Credit Agreement: Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the
Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the U.S. Borrower and the Canadian
Borrower, each a Borrower and, together, the Borrowers), Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as
Lenders.

6. 

Assigned Interest[s]: 

Assignor[s]5 Assignee[s]6 Aggregate

Amount of

Commitment/

Loans for all

Lenders7 Amount of

Commitment/

Loans

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of

Commitment/

Loans8 CUSIP

Number 

$ __________ $ _________ __________ % 

$ __________ $ _________ __________ % 

$ __________ $ _________ __________ % 

[7. 

Trade Date: __________________]9

Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF
RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

8. [The][Each] Assignee represents and warrants as of the Effective Date to the
Administrative Agent, [the][each] Assignor and its [respective] Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, for the benefit of the US Borrower or any other Loan Party, that [the][such] Assignee is not and will not be (1) an
employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), (2) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code); (3) an
entity deemed to hold plan assets of any such plans or accounts for purposes of ERISA or the Code; or (4) a governmental plan within the meaning of ERISA. 

5 

List each Assignor, as appropriate. 

6 

List each Assignee and, if available, its market entity identifier, as appropriate. 

7 

Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to take
into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 

8 

Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

9 

To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined
as of the Trade Date. 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Acceptance are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR[S]10

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Title:

ASSIGNEE[S]11

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Title:

[Consented to and]12 Accepted:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as
Administrative Agent

By: 

Title:

[Consented to:]13

[___________________________]

By: 

Title:

10 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

11 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

12 

To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

13 

To be added only if the consent of a Borrower and/or other parties (e.g., the Swing Line Lender or an
L/C Issuer) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 

ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

1.
Representations and Warranties. 

1.1. Assignor. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that
(i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority,
and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with
respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the
Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrowers, any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the
Borrowers, any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 

1.2. Assignee. [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has
taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it is an Eligible Assignee and this Assignment and
Acceptance meets all other applicable requirements of Section 13.12 of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 13.12(a)(iii) of the Credit
Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender
thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such] Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire
[the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial
statements delivered pursuant to Section 8.5 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance
and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own
credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to
the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other
Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their
terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

2. Payments.
From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for
amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all
payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee. 

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Acceptance by facsimile or by email as a .pdf or .tiff attachment shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance.
This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT H 

FORMOF COMMITMENT AMOUNT INCREASE REQUEST

_______________, ____ 

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders parties to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated
as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio
corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to
time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned, [The J.
M. Smucker Company]/[Smucker Foods of Canada Corp.]/[NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER], hereby refers to the Credit Agreement and requests that the Administrative Agent consent to an increase in the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments (the
Commitment Amount Increase), in accordance with Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement, to be effected by [an increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment of [name of existing Lender][the addition
of [name of new Lender] (the New Lender) as a Lender under the terms of the Credit Agreement]. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms have in the Credit
Agreement. 

After giving effect to such Commitment Amount Increase, the Revolving Credit Commitment of the [Lender][New Lender]
shall be $_____________. 

[Include paragraphs 1-4 for a New Lender] 

1. The New Lender hereby confirms that it has received a copy of the Loan Documents and the exhibits related thereto, together with copies of
the documents which were required to be delivered under the Credit Agreement as a condition to the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit thereunder. The New Lender acknowledges and agrees that it has made and will continue to make,
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, its own credit analysis and decisions relating to the Credit Agreement. The New Lender
further acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent has not made any representations or warranties about the credit worthiness of any Borrower or any other party to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or with respect to the
legality, validity, sufficiency or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or the value of any security therefor. 

2. Except as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement, effective as of the date of
acceptance hereof by the Administrative Agent, the New Lender (i) shall be deemed automatically to have become a party to the Credit Agreement and have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Credit Agreement as
if it were an original signatory thereto and (ii) agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement as if it were an original signatory thereto. 

3. The New Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

4. [The New Lender has delivered, if appropriate, to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (or is delivering to the Borrowers and the
Administrative Agent concurrently herewith) the tax forms referred to in Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement.]1

THIS AGREEMENTSHALLBEDEEMEDTOBEACONTRACTUALOBLIGATIONUNDER, ANDSHALLBEGOVERNEDBYANDCONSTRUEDINACCORDANCEWITH, THELAWSOFTHESTATEOF NEW YORK. 

The Commitment Amount Increase shall be effective when the executed consent of the Administrative Agent is received or otherwise in accordance
with Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement, but not in any case prior to ___________________, 20[]. It shall be a condition to the effectiveness of the Commitment Amount Increase that all expenses referred to in
Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement shall have been paid. 

Each Borrower hereby certifies that no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

1 

Insert bracketed paragraph if New Lender is organized under the law of a jurisdiction other than the United
States of America or a state thereof. 

2 

Please indicate the Administrative Agents consent to such Commitment Amount Increase
by signing the enclosed copy of this letter in the space provided below. 

Very truly yours,

[THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY]

By 

Name 

Title 

[SMUCKER FOODSOF CANADA CORP.]

By 

Name 

Title 

[NAME OF DESIGNATED BORROWER]

By 

Name 

Title 

[NEWOREXISTING LENDER INCREASING COMMITMENTS]

By 

Name 

Title 

The undersigned hereby consents on this __ day of _____________, _____ to the above-requested Commitment Amount Increase.

3 

BANKOF AMERICA, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent

By 

Name

Title

4 

EXHIBITI-1

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of
Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and
(iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The
undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form
W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information
provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly
completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBITI-2

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of
Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade
or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its
participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or
W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in
writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the
two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall
have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBITI-3

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of
Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such
participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The
undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption:
(i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the
undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years
preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: ________ __, 20[ ]

EXHIBITI-4

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of
Canada Corp., a federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and the several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such
Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a
bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent
shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding
such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT J 

FORMOF DESIGNATED BORROWER REQUESTAND
ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

Date: , 

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This
Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement is made and delivered pursuant to Section 1.16 of that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
extended, renewed, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a
federally incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the
several financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. All capitalized terms used in this Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 

Each of [
] (the Designated Borrower) and the U.S. Borrower hereby confirms, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that the Designated Borrower is a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary of the U.S. Borrower. 

The documents required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent under
Section 1.16 of the Credit Agreement will be furnished to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement. 

The true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification number of the Designated Borrower is . 

The parties hereto hereby confirm that with effect from the date of the Designated Borrower Notice for the Designated Borrower, the Designated
Borrower shall have obligations, duties and liabilities toward each of the other parties to the Credit Agreement identical to those which the Designated Borrower would have had if the Designated Borrower had been an original party to the Credit
Agreement as a Borrower. Effective as of the date of the Designated Borrower Notice for the Designated Borrower, the Designated Borrower confirms its acceptance of, and consents to, all representations and warranties, covenants, and other terms and
provisions of the Credit Agreement. 

The parties hereto hereby request that the Designated Borrower be entitled to receive Loans under the
Credit Agreement, and understand, acknowledge and agree that neither the Designated Borrower nor the U.S. Borrower on its behalf shall have any right to request any Loans for its account unless and until the date five (5) Business Days after
the effective date designated by the Administrative Agent in a Designated Borrower Notice delivered to the U.S. Borrower and the Lenders pursuant to Section 1.16 of the Credit Agreement. 

This Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document
under the Credit Agreement. 

THIS DESIGNATED BORROWER REQUEST AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Designated Borrower Request and
Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

[DESIGNATED BORROWER], as the Designated Borrower

By: 

Title: 

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY, as the U.S. Borrower

By: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT K 

FORMOF DESIGNATED BORROWER NOTICE

Date: , 

To: 

The J. M. Smucker Company 

The Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This
Designated Borrower Notice is made and delivered pursuant to Section 1.16 of that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, renewed,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and among The J. M. Smucker Company, an Ohio corporation (the U.S. Borrower), Smucker Foods of Canada Corp., a federally
incorporated Canadian corporation (the Canadian Borrower), certain other Subsidiaries of the U.S. Borrower from time to time party thereto as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the several
financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, and reference is made thereto for full particulars of the matters described therein. All capitalized terms used in this Designated Borrower Notice and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 

The Administrative Agent hereby notifies the U.S. Borrower and the
Lenders that effective as of the date hereof [ ]shall be a Designated Borrower and may receive Loans and Letters of Credit for its account on the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. 

This Designated Borrower Notice shall constitute a Loan Document under the Credit Agreement. 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as
Administrative Agent

By: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1 

COMMITMENTS

Lender Revolving Credit

Commitment (%) 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 250,000,000.00 12.50 % 

CoBank, ACB $ 250,000,000.00 12.50 % 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 250,000,000.00 12.50 % 

PNC Bank, National Association $ 250,000,000.00 12.50 % 

Royal Bank of Canada $ 250,000,000.00 12.50 % 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA $ 150,000,000.00 7.50 % 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. $ 150,000,000.00 7.50 % 

The Bank of Nova Scotia $ 150,000,000.00 7.50 % 

The Huntington National Bank $ 150,000,000.00 7.50 % 

U.S. Bank National Association $ 150,000,000.00 7.50 % 

Total $ 2,000,000,000.00 100.00 % 

LETTEROF CREDIT SUBLIMIT

L/C Issuer Letter of Credit

Sublimit (%) 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 37,500,000.00 25.000000000 % 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $ 37,500,000.00 25.000000000 % 

Royal Bank of Canada $ 37,500,000.00 25.000000000 % 

PNC Bank, National Association $ 37,500,000.00 25.000000000 % 

Total $ 150,000,000.00 100.000000000 % 

SCHEDULE 8.7 

EXISTING INDEBTEDNESSAND GUARANTIES

Industrial Revenue Bonds. Hostess Brands, LLC has indebtedness under the following lease agreements in connection with certain Industrial Revenue Bonds
listed below. 

a. 

A Lease and Financing Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2016, by and between Development Authority of
Columbus, Georgia, as lessor, and Hostess Brands, LLC, as lessee, for the premises located at 1969 Victory Dr, Columbus, GA 31901 in connection with Development Authority of Columbus, Georgia Taxable Revenue Bonds (Hostess Brands Project) Series
2016 in the principal sum of $18,600,000. 

b. 

A Lease Agreement (Series A), dated October 4, 2022 by and between Clark County, Arkansas, as issuer, and
New HB Acquisitions (RE), LLC, as company, as assigned pursuant to the Assignment and Assumption of Lease Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2022 by and between New HB Acquisitions (RE), LLC, as the assignor, and Hostess Brands, LLC, as
assignee, for the premises located at 1 Hostess Way, Arkadelphia, AR 71923 in connection with Clark County, Arkansas Taxable Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Hostess Brands Project), Series 2022A, in the principal amount of $12,000,000.

c. 

A Lease Agreement (Series B), dated October 4, 2022 by and between Clark County, Arkansas, as issuer, and
Hostess Brands, LLC, for the premises located at 1 Hostess Way, Arkadelphia, AR 71923 in connection with Clark County, Arkansas Taxable Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Hostess Brands Project), Series 2022B, in the principal amount of
$148,000,000. 

SCHEDULE 13.11 

VOTING PARTICIPANTS

AgFirst Farm Credit Bank 

Farm Credit Bank of Texas 

Capital Farm Credit, FLCA 

Farm Credit Mid-America, PCA 

GreenStone Farm Credit Services, FLCA 

Horizon Farm Credit, ACA
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sjm-20250307.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sjm-20250307_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sjm-20250307_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name J M SMUCKER Co

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000091419

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 07, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code OH

Entity File Number 001-05111

Entity Tax Identification Number 34-0538550

Entity Address, Address Line One One Strawberry Lane

Entity Address, City or Town Orrville

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 44667-0280

City Area Code (330)

Local Phone Number 682-3000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common shares, no par value

Trading Symbol SJM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://smuckers.com//20250307/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d936517d8k.htm 
sjm-20250307.xsd 
sjm-20250307_lab.xml 
sjm-20250307_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-049909-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d936517d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000091419 

2025-03-07 
2025-03-07 

J M SMUCKER Co 
false 
0000091419 
8-K 
2025-03-07 
OH 
001-05111 
34-0538550 
One Strawberry Lane 
Orrville 
OH 
44667-0280 
(330) 
682-3000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common shares, no par value 
SJM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>