<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-010355.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-010355.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122160615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-010355
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cibus, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001705843
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				271967997
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38161
		FILM NUMBER:		25545974

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6455 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 450-0008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6455 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Calyxt, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170504
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d857072d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000170584300017058432025-01-212025-01-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report: (Date of earliest event reported): January 21, 2025

Cibus, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38161 27-1967997

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

6455 Nancy Ridge Drive

San Diego, CA 92121

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(858)450-0008

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share CBUS The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On January 21, 2025, Cibus, Inc. (the Company) entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (each a Purchase Agreement and collectively, the Purchase Agreements) with various certain outside investors (the Investors) as well as Rory Riggs, the Companys chief executive officer (together with the Investors, the Purchasers). 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering by the Company directly to the Purchasers (the Offering) (i) an aggregate of 4,340,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock) and accompanying common warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,340,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Common Warrants) and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase 4,700,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants) and accompanying Common Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 4,700,000 shares of Class A Common Stock. 

Each share of Class A Common Stock is being sold together with an accompanying Common Warrant to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock. The combined offering price for each share of Class A Common Stock and the accompanying Common Warrant is $2.50. 

Each Pre-Funded Warrant is being sold together with an accompanying Common Warrant to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock. The combined offering price for each Pre-Funded Warrant and the accompanying Common Warrants is $2.4999. 

The Common Warrants will not be exercisable until the Company receives certain approvals from its stockholders (the Warrant Stockholder Approvals) required by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Each Common Warrant has an initial exercise price equal to $2.50 per share of Class A Common Stock. The Common Warrants expire five years following the date of receipt of the Warrant Stockholder Approvals. The exercise price and the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants is subject to appropriate adjustments in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Class A Common Stock. 

The Pre-Funded Warrants will not have an expiration date and will be immediately exercisable. The exercise price for the Pre-Funded Warrants will be equal to $0.0001. 

Subject to receipt of the Warrant Stockholder Approvals, the Common Warrants may be redeemed at the Companys option at any time following the occurrence of (i) the Companys public announcement of an operational Soybean platform and (ii) the first date on which the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on Nasdaq equals or exceeds $5.00 per share for fifteen consecutive trading days, at a redemption price of $0.0001 per Common Warrant. The Common Warrants may not be exercised at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company. 

The Purchase Agreements contain customary representations and warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchasers and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements and subject to exceptions, the Company has agreed to certain restrictions on the issuance and sale of its Class A Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreements) during the 60-day period following the closing of the Offering. Each of our executive officers and directors has agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to dispose of or hedge any shares of Class A Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock during the 60-day period following the closing of the Offering. 

The Shares, Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants were offered by the Company pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-273062), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on October 25, 2023 and was declared effective by the Commission on October 27, 2023. 

The Offering closed with respect to a certain Investor on January 22, 2025 and is expected to close on or about January 24, 2025 with respect to Mr. Riggs and the other Investors, subject to customary closing conditions. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreements, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Form of the Purchase Agreement, the Form of Common Warrant and the Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell any securities or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

A copy of the opinion of Jones Day relating to the validity of the Shares, Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

Warrant Amendment Agreement 

Certain investors in the Offering are holders of outstanding warrants to purchase up to 1,198,040 shares of Class A Common Stock (collectively, the Investor Warrants). The exercise price for the Investor Warrants initially was $10.00 per share, except that the exercise price of the Investor Warrants issued to Mr. Riggs initially was $10.07 per share. Concurrent with the Offering, the Company has agreed to contractual amendments (the Warrant Amendment Agreement) to (i) reduce the exercise price of the Investor Warrants to $2.50 per share, (ii) reduce the threshold for satisfaction of the Trading Condition (as defined in the Investor Warrants) in respect of the redemption provisions to $5.00 per share, and (iii) extend the termination date of the Investor Warrants to five years following the closing of the Offering, effective upon the consummation of the Offering. The Warrant Amendment Agreement, with respect to Investor Warrants held by Mr. Riggs, is conditioned on, and will not be effective until, the trading day after the Company obtains the requisite approval from its stockholders with respect to the Investor Warrants held by Mr. Riggs. 

The foregoing description of the Warrant Amendment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form of Warrant Amendment Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 4.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

Placement Agency Agreement 

On January 21, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (A.G.P. or the Placement Agent), as the sole placement agent in connection with the Offering. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a fee in cash equal to (i) 7.0% of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of the Shares, Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants to certain Investors and (ii) 2.0% of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of the Shares, Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants to certain other Investors. The Company will not pay a fee to the Placement Agent in connection with the Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants sold to Mr. Riggs. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including the accountable fees of counsel, not to exceed $100,000. The Placement Agency Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, indemnification and other provisions customary for transactions of this nature. 

A copy of the Placement Agency Agreement is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Placement Agency Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed with this report on Form 8-K:

Exhibits 

Description

1.1 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, between Cibus, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners. 

4.1 Form of Common Warrant. 

4.2 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant. 

4.3 Form of Warrant Amendment Agreement. 

5.1 Opinion of Jones Day. 

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, between Cibus, Inc. and the Purchasers. 

23.1 Consent of Jones Day (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: January 22, 2025 CIBUS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Rory Riggs

Name: Rory Riggs

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d857072dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor 

New York, NY 10022 

January 21, 2025 

Cibus, Inc.

6455 Nancy Ridge Drive

San Diego, CA 92121

Attention: Rory Riggs, Chief Executive Officer

Re: Placement Agency Agreement

Dear Mr. Riggs: 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this letter agreement (the Agreement) between A.G.P./Alliance Global
Partners (the Placement Agent) and Cibus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), the parties hereby agree that the Placement Agent shall serve as the exclusive placement agent for the Company, on a
reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed placement (the Placement) of securities of the Company, consisting of: (i) shares (the Shares) of Class A common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock); (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants); and
(iii) warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Common Warrants and together with the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Shares, the Securities). The Securities actually
placed by the Placement Agent are referred to herein as the Placement Agent Securities. The documents executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers (as defined below) in connection with the Placement, including,
without limitation, a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction Documents. The terms of the Placement shall be mutually
agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers listed in the Purchase Agreement (each, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers), and nothing herein constitutes that the Placement Agent would have the power
or authority to bind the Company or any Purchaser, or an obligation for the Company to issue any Placement Agent Securities or complete the Placement. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents obligations
hereunder are on a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this Agreement does not constitute a commitment by the Placement Agent to purchase the Placement Agent Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the
Placement Agent Securities or any portion thereof or the success of the Placement Agent with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the Company. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on their behalf in connection with the Placement; provided, however, that the Company shall first approve any such sub-agents or
selected-dealers. Certain affiliates of the Placement Agent may participate in the Placement by purchasing some of the Placement Agent Securities. The sale of Placement Agent Securities to any Purchaser will be evidenced by the Purchase
Agreement between the Company and such Purchaser, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Purchaser. Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. Prior
to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, officers of the Company will be available to answer inquiries from prospective Purchasers. 

SECTION 1.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY;
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 

A. 

Representations of the Company. With respect to the Placement Agent Securities, each of the
representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules thereto) and covenants made by the Company to the Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement in connection with the Placement, is hereby incorporated herein by reference into
this Agreement (as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that
there are no affiliations with any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) member firm participating in the Placement among the Companys officers, directors or, to the knowledge of the Company, any five percent
(5.0%) or greater stockholder of the Company, except as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

B. 

Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees that except for an Exempt Issuance (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement) or as otherwise provided for in the Purchase Agreement, from the date hereof until sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (the Restriction Period), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other
than the Prospectus Supplement, or a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any equity incentive plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary herein, commencing on the
Closing Date and during the Restriction Period, the Company will be permitted to make sales under its Sales Agreement with Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, dated January 2, 2024 (the ATM Sales Agreement),
provided that such sales shall only be permitted at prices not less than the Per Share Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 1(B) shall not apply with respect to an Exempt Issuance. 

SECTION 2.REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PLACEMENT AGENT. The Placement Agent represents and warrants that it
(i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the
United States of America, applicable to the offers and sales of the Placement Agent Securities by the Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a corporate body validly existing under the laws of its place of incorporation, and (v) has full
power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Placement Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in their status with respect to subsections (i) through (v)
above. The Placement Agent covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements of applicable law. 

SECTION 3.COMPENSATION. In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company shall
pay to the Placement Agent and/or its designees total cash fee equal to seven percent (7.0%) of gross proceeds from the Placement of the total amount of Placement Agent Securities sold; provided, however, for those investors identified on
Schedule 1 hereof, the Company shall pay no fee; provided, further, for those investors identified on Schedule 2 hereof, the Company shall only pay a cash fee of two percent (2.0)% of the aggregate gross proceeds invested by such investors.
The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation, including the reimbursement of expenses described in Section 4 below, or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a determination shall be made by
FINRA to the effect that the Placement Agents aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or that the terms thereof require adjustment.

SECTION 4.EXPENSES. The Company agrees to pay all costs,
fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident to the issuance,
delivery and qualification of the Placement Agent Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the transfer agent; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Placement Agent Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts) and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto,
and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of
the Placement Agent Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country; (vii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Placement Agent Securities on the Trading
Market; (viii) up to $75,000 for accountable expenses related to legal fees of external counsel to the Placement Agent; and (ix) non-accountable expenses in an amount of not more than $25,000. 

SECTION 5.TAIL FEE. Following the Closing Date,the Placement Agent shall be entitled to compensation and
expenses under Section 3 and Section 4, calculated in the manner set forth therein, with respect to any public or private offering or other financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (Tail Financing) to the
extent that such financing is both (i) provided to the Company by investors that were, during the Term (as defined in Section 7), brought
over-the-wall by the Placement Agent, and (ii) such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the six (6) month period following the
expiration or termination of the Term. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the compensation due hereunder shall expressly not include any stock or equity of the Company issued to its officers, directors, employees, or consultants or
sales at-the-market pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement. The Placement Agent will provide a list of investors whom the Placement Agent has introduced to the Company and
brought over the wall during the Term. 

SECTION 6.INDEMNIFICATION. 

A. 

To the extent permitted by law, with respect to the Placement Agent Securities, the Company will indemnify the
Placement Agent and its affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, employees, members and controlling persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) against all losses, claims,
damages, expenses and liabilities, as the same are incurred (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), relating to or arising out of their activities hereunder or pursuant to this Agreement, except to the extent that any losses,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) are found in a final judgment (not subject to appeal) by a court of law to have resulted primarily from the Placement Agents bad faith, willful misconduct or gross
negligence in performing the services described herein. 

B. 

Promptly after receipt by the Placement Agent of notice of any claim or the commencement of any action or
proceeding with respect to which the Placement Agent is entitled to indemnity hereunder, the Placement Agent will notify the Company in writing of such claim or of the commencement of such action or proceeding, but failure to so notify the Company
shall not relieve the Company from any obligation it may have hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses. If the Company so elects or is requested by the
Placement Agent, the Company will assume the defense of such action or proceeding and will employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent and will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, the Placement Agent will be entitled to employ its own counsel separate from counsel for the Company and from any other party in such action if counsel for the Placement Agent reasonably determines that it would be conflict of interest
under the applicable rules of 

professional responsibility for the same counsel to represent both the Company and the Placement Agent. In such event, the reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one such separate
counsel will be paid by the Company, in addition to reasonable fees of local counsel. The Company will have the right to settle the claim or proceeding provided that the Company will not settle any such claim, action or proceeding without the prior
written consent of the Placement Agent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld. 

C. 

The Company agrees to notify the Placement Agent promptly of the assertion against it or any other person of
any claim or the commencement of any action or proceeding relating to a transaction contemplated by this Agreement. 

D. 

If for any reason the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to the Placement Agent or insufficient to hold the
Placement Agent harmless (other than due to the express provisions thereof), then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the Placement Agent as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other, but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Placement Agent on the other that resulted in such
losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any relevant equitable considerations. The amounts paid or payable by a party in respect of losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include any legal or other
fees and expenses incurred in defending any litigation, proceeding or other action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions hereof, the Placement Agents share of the liability hereunder shall not be in excess of the amount of fees actually
received, or to be received, by the Placement Agent under this Agreement (excluding any amounts received as reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Placement Agent). 

E. 

These indemnification provisions shall remain in full force and effect whether or not the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement is completed and shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and shall be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have to any indemnified party under this Agreement or otherwise.

SECTION 7.ENGAGEMENT TERM. The Placement Agents engagement hereunder will be
until the earlier of the Closing Date and January 31, 2025 (the Term). The date of termination of this Agreement is referred to herein as the Termination Date. In the event, however, in the course
of the Placement Agents performance of due diligence they deem it necessary to terminate the engagement, the Placement Agent may do so prior to the Termination Date. The Company may elect to terminate the engagement hereunder for any
reason prior to the Termination Date but will remain responsible for fees pursuant to Section 3 hereof with respect to the Placement Agent Securities if sold in the Placement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
provisions concerning the Companys obligation to pay any fees actually earned pursuant to Section 3 hereof and the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein, as well as provisions in Sections
9 and 11 hereof will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated prior to the completion of the Placement, all fees and expenses due to the Placement Agent as set forth in Section 3 and
Section 4 shall be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent on or before the Termination Date (in the event such fees are earned or owed as of the Termination Date). The Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information
concerning the Company provided to the Placement Agent by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement. 

SECTION 8.PLACEMENT AGENT INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the
Placement Agent in connection with this engagement is for the confidential use of the Company only in its evaluation of the Placement and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or otherwise refer to the advice or
information in any manner without the Placement Agents prior written consent. 

SECTION 9.NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does
not create, and shall not be construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the
Placement Agent are not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of the
Placement Agent hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived. 

SECTION 10.CLOSING. The
obligations of the Placement Agent, and the closing of the sale of the Placement Agent Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when made and on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of the Company contained
herein and in the Purchase Agreement, to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and in the Purchase Agreement, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions, except as otherwise disclosed to and acknowledged and
waived by the Placement Agent: 

A. 

All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form, execution, delivery and
validity of each of this Agreement, the Placement Agent Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby with respect to the Placement Agent Securities shall be reasonably satisfactory in
all material respects to the Placement Agent. 

B. 

The Placement Agent shall have received from Company Counsel, such counsels written legal opinion with
respect to the Placement Agent Securities in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent. 

C. 

The Placement Agent shall have received executed Lock-Up Agreements
from the Companys executive officers and directors. 

D. 

The class of Common Stock sold in the Placement, including shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
the Common Warrants, must be registered under the Exchange Act. The Company shall have taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of such class of Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or
suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange, nor has the Company received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange
is contemplating terminating such registration or listing, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

E. 

No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or
issued by any governmental agency or body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the
Company; and no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Placement Agent
Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company. 

F. 

The Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the Purchasers of the Placement Agent
Securities and such agreements shall be in full force and effect and shall contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed upon between the Company and the Purchasers. 

G. 

FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the terms and arrangements of this
Agreement. In addition, the Company shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement Agents counsel to make on the Companys behalf, any filing with the FINRA Corporate Financing Department pursuant to FINRA Rule
5110 with respect to the Placement and pay all filing fees required in connection therewith. 

H. 

The Placement Agent shall have received customary certificates from one or more of the Companys executive
officers, as to the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the Purchase Agreement, a certificate executed by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and a
certificate of the Companys secretary certifying (i) that the Companys charter documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of
Directors relating to the Placement are in full force and effect and have not been modified; and (iii) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. 

If any of the conditions specified in this Section 10 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, all
obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time prior to, the Closing Date. Notice of such cancellation shall be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice shall be
confirmed promptly thereafter in writing. 

SECTION 11.GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to principles of conflicts of law thereof that would require the application of the laws
of any other jurisdiction. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under this Agreement may be brought
into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally,
the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to
limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be
reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

SECTION 12.ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not
affect such provision in any other respect or any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived except by an instrument in writing signed by both
the Placement Agent and the Company. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing Date of the Placement and delivery of the Placement Agent Securities. This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both
parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

SECTION 13.NOTICES. Any and all notices or other
communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email
address specified on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a business day, (b) the next business day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a business day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the third business day following the date of mailing, if sent by an internationally recognized air courier
service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages hereto. 

SECTION 14.PRESS ANNOUNCEMENTS. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent shall, on and after the Closing
Date, have the right to reference the Placement and the Placement Agents role in connection therewith in the Placement Agents marketing materials and on their websites and to place advertisements in financial and other newspapers and
journals, in each case at their own expense and in compliance with applicable securities laws. 

Please confirm that the
foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by signing and returning to the Placement Agent the enclosed copy of this Agreement. 

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.] 

The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above.

A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS

By: 

/s/ Thomas J. Higgins

Name: Thomas J. Higgins

Title: Managing Director

Address for Notice:

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Thomas J. Higgins

E-mail:thiggins@allianceg.com

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above: 

CIBUS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Peter Beetham

Name: Peter Beetham

Title: President and Chief Operating Officer

Address for Notice: 

Cibus, Inc. 

6455 Nancy Ridge Drive 

San Diego, CA 92121 

Attention: Rory Riggs, Chief Executive
Officer 

E-mail: rriggs@cibus.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Jones Day

250 Vesey Street 

New York, NY 10281 

Attention: Peter E. Devlin 

Email: pdevlin@jonesday.com 

[Signature Page to Placement Agency Agreement] 

SCHEDULE 1 

Rory Riggs 

SCHEDULE 2 

[Intentionally Omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d857072dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

CIBUS, INC. 

Warrant Shares: ________________ Issue Date: January __, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received,
______________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the
Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the five (5) year anniversary of the Stockholder Approval Date (the Termination Date), unless earlier redeemed, but not after the
Termination Date, to subscribe for and purchase from Cibus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) of the Company (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that
certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated January 21, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. 

Section 2. Exercise. 

(a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or
times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and, unless earlier redeemed, on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the
applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required by the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares
available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

For the avoidance of doubt,
there is no circumstance that would require the Company to net cash settle the Warrants. 

(b) Exercise Price. The exercise price
per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.50, subject to adjustment as provided for hereunder (the Exercise Price). 

1 

(c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective
registration statement registering the issuance to or, if required, the resale of the Warrant Shares by, the Holder, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or, if required, the resale by the
Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option
of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two
(2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the
date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder, in effect on the date of exercise; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this
Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If Warrant Shares are issued in
such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and any holding period of the
Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). 

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the
Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the VWAP of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as
applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of
reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Trading Day means any day on which the Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market is
open for trading for a period of time less than the customary time. 

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by
the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then
reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a
share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid
by the Company. 

2 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall
be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c), subject to the limitations in Section 2(e) hereof. 

(d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be
transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are
eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by
crediting the account of the Holder in the DRS book entry system maintained by the transfer agent for the Common Stock, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to
which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and
(iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is
received by the Company by such date (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the
earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, the Company shall pay to the
Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20
per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until the earlier of such Warrant Shares being delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees
to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered
on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Warrant Shares
subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than
in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon
Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

3 

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer
Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon
Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an
exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in
an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such
exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
if any) for the Warrant Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored
(in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if
the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such
purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in
respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or
in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof. 

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final
fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share of Common Stock. 

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. The issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder
for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such
name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be
accompanied by the Assignment Form, attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the
timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not
effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the
applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with (i) the Holders Affiliates, (ii) any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, and (iii) any other Persons whose
beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock 

4 

would or could be aggregated with the Holders for the purposes of Section 13(d) (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common
Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for
purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of
such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was
provided by the Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the
Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of
Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be
[4.99/9.99]1[19.99]2% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
[9.99]3[19.99]4% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares upon
exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply, provided further that an Affiliate of the Company may suspend the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in its entirety if, and for so
long as, such Beneficial Ownership Limitation is not required to be in effect to ensure compliance with applicable Nasdaq listing requirements with respect to stockholder approval . Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be
effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict
conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder. 

1 

Applicable to Holders who are non-Affiliates.

2 

Applicable to Holders who may be Affiliates. 

3 

Applicable to Holders who are non-Affiliates.

4 

Applicable to Holders who may be Affiliates.

5 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the
Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

(b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common
Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of
shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken
for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase
Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be
entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder
until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the
Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in
the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such
extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person in which the Company is not the surviving entity (other than a reincorporation in a different state), (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary,
directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, 

6 

conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct
or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or
property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the aggregate voting power of all classes of equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Companys Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Companys Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or
(v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the aggregate voting power of all classes of equity of the Company
(each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the
occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the
Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this
Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a
Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of
a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
(or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder, as described below, an amount of consideration equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined
below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys control, including not approved by
the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction the same type or form of consideration (and in the same
proportion), valued at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in
the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided further, that if
holders of Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will be deemed to have received shares of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company
following such Fundamental Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg
determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the
public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such
calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction
and (ii) highest VWAP during the ten (10) Trading Days prior to the closing of the closing of the Fundamental Transaction and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds within five Trading Days of the Holders election (or, if
later, on the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction). The 

7 

Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which
is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock
pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that
from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of
the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

(e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as
the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and
outstanding. 

(f) Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If, while the Warrant is
outstanding, (A) the Company declares a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the shares of Common Stock, (B) the Company declares a special nonrecurring cash dividend on, or a redemption of, the shares of Common Stock,
(C) the Company authorizes the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the
Company is required in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company authorizes the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent
that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

8 

iii. Voluntary Adjustment by the Company. Subject to the rules
and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company. 

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 

(a) Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions of Section 4.1 of the
Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant
substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant
evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the
Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in
full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

(b) New Warrants. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other
Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to
compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

(c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any
distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 5. Redemption of
this Warrant. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and only after Stockholder Approval is obtained, this Warrant may
be redeemed at the option of the Company in whole or in part on a pro-rata basis, upon the occurrence of (i) the Companys public announcement of an operational Soybean platform (the
Announcement) and (ii) the first date on which the closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is then traded has equaled or exceeded $5.00 per share for fifteen (15) consecutive Trading Days,
(the Trading Condition)((i) and (ii) collectively referred to as the Redemption Conditions). The Company shall provide prompt notice to the Holder upon the Announcement (the First Notice)
and the Company shall provide prompt notice to the Holder upon meeting of the Redemption Conditions as provided in Section 6(h) below (the Second Notice). Following or concurrent with the delivery of the Second Notice, the
Company may, at its option, notify the Holder of its election to redeem the Warrants (the Redemption Notice), which Redemption Notice shall be delivered no less than 30 calendar days prior to the Redemption Date (as defined
below). 

(b) The price at which Warrants may be redeemed (the Redemption Price) is $0.0001 per Warrant. On and after
the date upon which the Warrants are redeemed by the Company (the Redemption Date), the Holders of redeemed Warrants shall have no further rights pursuant to the Warrants except to receive payment of the Redemption Price upon
surrender of the Warrant Certificates of such redeemed Warrants to the Company. 

9 

(c) Following the delivery of the Second Notice, if the Company elects to redeem this
Warrant, the Company shall promptly send the Redemption Notice to the Holder of Warrants (i) notifying the Holders of such redemption via publication of a press release and (ii) taking such other steps as may be required under applicable
law. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, Warrants noticed for redemption may not be exercised at any time after the 30th calendar day following the date on which the notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company and
prior to the Redemption Date unless the Company defaults on payment of the Redemption Price on the Redemption Date. 

(d) From and after
the Redemption Date, all Warrants noticed for redemption that have not theretofore been exercised by the Holder shall, upon payment of the aggregate Redemption Price therefor, cease to represent the right to purchase any shares of Common Stock and
shall be deemed cancelled and void and of no further force or effect without any further act or deed on the part of the Company. 

(e) The
Holder undertakes to return the certificate representing any redeemed Warrants to the Company upon their redemption and to indemnify the Company with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising from the Holders failure to
return such certificate. In the event the certificate so returned represents a number of Warrants in excess of the number being redeemed, the Company shall as promptly as practicable issue to the Holder a new certificate in book-entry form for the
number of unredeemed Warrants. 

Section 6. Miscellaneous. 

(a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a
cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant. 

(b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in
the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated
as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

(c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or
appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day. 

(d) Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common
Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its
officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may
be issued and delivered as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be
issued and delivered upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

10 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by
any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to
avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights
of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this
Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Warrant. 

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant
is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

(e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Each party
agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in
the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for
notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

(f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws, and in such case, the Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that the Holder will acquire such
Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. 

(g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any
provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees,
including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

11 

(h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given
or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

(i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to
any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

(j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be
entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to
waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(k) Successors and
Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

(l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the
Holder. 

(m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of
such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

(n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the
convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant. 

******************** 

[Signature Page Follows] 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

Cibus, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

13 

EXHIBIT A 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: Cibus, Inc. 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if
exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money of the United States; or 

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

14 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the
foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

Address: 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d857072dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

CIBUS, INC. 

Warrant Shares: _________ Issue Date: January , 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the
Warrant) certifies that, for value received, ______________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any
time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and until exercised in full (the Termination Date), to subscribe for and purchase from Cibus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), up to ______ shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) of the Company (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase
price of one Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that
certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated January 21, 2025, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto. 

Section 2. Exercise. 

(a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and, on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the
applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required by the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of
the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such
notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares
available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

For the avoidance of doubt,
there is no circumstance that would require the Company to net cash settle the Warrants. 

(b) Exercise Price. The aggregate
exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional
consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to the Company to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or
any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price). 

1 

(c) Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective
registration statement registering the issuance to or, if required, the resale of the Warrant Shares by, the Holder, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or, if required, the resale by the
Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option
of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two
(2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the
date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder, in effect on the date of exercise; and 

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this
Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If Warrant Shares are issued in
such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and any holding period of the
Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c). 

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the
Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg
(based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the VWAP of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as
applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of
reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders
of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Trading Day means any day on which the Trading Market is open for trading, including any day on which the Trading Market is
open for trading for a period of time less than the customary time. 

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by
the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted
average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock

2 

are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c), subject to the limitations in Section 2(e) hereof. 

(d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be
transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if
the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are
eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by
crediting the account of the Holder in the DRS book entry system maintained by the transfer agent for the Common Stock, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to
which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and
(iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is
received by the Company by such date (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the
earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the instance of a cashless exercise) is received by the Company by such date, the Company shall pay to the
Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20
per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until the earlier of such Warrant Shares being delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees
to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered
on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Warrant Shares
subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than
in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. 

ii. Delivery of New Warrants
Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

3 

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the
Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon
Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an
exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in
an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such
exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions,
if any) for the Warrant Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored
(in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if
the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such
purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in
respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or
in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof. 

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final
fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share of Common Stock. 

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. The issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the
Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in
such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be
accompanied by the Assignment Form, attached hereto as Exhibit B, duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the
timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable
Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with (i) the Holders Affiliates, (ii) any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates, and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial
ownership of the shares of Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders for the purposes of Section 13(d) (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of Warrant Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this
Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this
Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall
be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination
and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the
Company. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Company shall have no
obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination and shall have no liability for exercises of the Warrant that are not in compliance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, except to the extent the Holder relies on the number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock that was provided by the Company. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as
reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the
Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or
Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99/9.99]1[19.99]2% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the
Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds [9.99]3[19.99]4% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this
Section 2(e) shall continue to apply, provided further that an Affiliate of the Company may suspend the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in its entirety if, and for so long as, such Beneficial Ownership Limitation is not required to be in
effect to ensure compliance with applicable Nasdaq listing requirements with respect to stockholder approval. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the
61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms
of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be 

defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership
Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. If the Warrant is
unexercisable as a result of the Holders Beneficial Ownership Limitation, no alternate consideration is owing to the Holder. 

1 

Applicable to Holders who are non-Affiliates.

2 

Applicable to Holders who may be Affiliates. 

3 

Applicable to Holders who are non-Affiliates.

4 

Applicable to Holders who may be Affiliates.

5 

Section 3. Certain Adjustments. 

(a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Warrant Shares issued by the
Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or
re-classification.

(b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common
Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of
shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken
for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase
Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be
entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder
until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or
options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the
Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in
the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such
extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

6 

(d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding,
(i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person in which the Company is not the surviving entity (other than a reincorporation in a
different state), (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the aggregate voting power of all classes of equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Companys Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Companys Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including,
without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the
aggregate voting power of all classes of equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would
have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of
Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by
a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any
such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given
any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant
and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option
of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of
shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to
such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction
and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such
Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all
of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

(e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued
and outstanding. 

7 

(f) Notice to Holder. 

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this
Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If, while the Warrant is
outstanding, (A) the Company declares a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the shares of Common Stock, (B) the Company declares a special nonrecurring cash dividend on, or a redemption of, the shares of Common Stock,
(C) the Company authorizes the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the
Company is required in connection with a Fundamental Transaction, or (E) the Company authorizes the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be
delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective
or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent
that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event
triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

iii. Voluntary Adjustment by the
Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of
directors of the Company. 

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant. 

(a) Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions of Section 4.1 of the
Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant
substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant
evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the
Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in
full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

(b) New Warrants. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be divided or combined with other
Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to
compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

8 

(c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to
be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for
the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section 5. Miscellaneous. 

(a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a
cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant. 

(b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it
(which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like
tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

(c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.
If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day. 

(d) Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common
Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its
officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may
be issued and delivered as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be
issued and delivered upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against
impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

9 

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares
for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

(e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Each
party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers,
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in
any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in
effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other
manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

(f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws, and in such case, the Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that the Holder will acquire such
Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. 

(g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with
any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys
fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

(h) Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company
shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

(i) Limitation of Liability. No
provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the
purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

10 

(j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights
granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it
of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

(k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to
time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

(l) Amendment. This Warrant may be
modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

(m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

(n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant. 

******************** 

[Signature Page Follows] 

11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated. 

Cibus, Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

12 

EXHIBIT A 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

TO: Cibus, Inc. 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if
exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

in lawful money of the United States; or 

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in
subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date:

13 

EXHIBIT B 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign the
foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase shares.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name:

Address:

Phone Number:

Email Address:

Dated: _______________ __, ______

Holders Signature:

Holders Address:

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d857072dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO WARRANT 

This Amendment No. 1 to the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (this Amendment) dated this __ day of January 2025, by and
among Cibus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and _____ (the Holder). 

WHEREAS, the Holder
is the holder of outstanding warrants to purchase up to (i) ____ shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share of the Company, issued on June 13, 2024 (the Warrants); 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holder desire to amend the Warrant as more particularly set forth below; 

THEREFORE, the parties do hereby agree as follows: 

1. 

Effective upon [the execution of this Amendment]1[the
receipt of the requisite approval of the Companys stockholders for purposes of the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market and the execution of this Amendment]2, (i) the Exercise
Price of the Warrant shall be amended to $2.50 per share, subject to further adjustment as set forth in the Warrants and (ii) the Termination Date shall be amended to January __, 2030. 

2. 

Sections 5(a) and 5(c) of the Warrant, are hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows,
respectively: 

(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Warrant may be redeemed at the option of the
Company in whole or in part on a pro-rata basis, upon the occurrence of (i) the Companys public announcement of an operational Soybean platform (the Announcement) and
(ii) the first date on which the closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is then traded has equaled or exceeded $5.00 per share for fifteen (15) consecutive Trading Days, (the Trading
Condition)((i) and (ii) collectively referred to as the Redemption Conditions). The Company shall provide prompt notice to the Holder upon the Announcement (the First Notice) and the Company shall
provide prompt notice to the Holder upon meeting of the Redemption Conditions as provided in Section 6(h) below (the Second Notice). Following or concurrent with the delivery of the Second Notice, the Company may, at its
option, notify the Holder of its election to redeem the Warrants (the Redemption Notice), which Redemption Notice shall be delivered no less than 30 calendar days prior to the Redemption Date (as defined below ). 

[. . . ] 

(c) Following the
delivery of the Second Notice, if the Company elects to redeem this Warrant, the Company shall promptly send the Redemption Notice to the Holder of Warrants (i) notifying the Holders of such redemption via publication of a press release and
(ii) taking such other steps as may be required under applicable law. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, Warrants noticed for redemption may not be exercised at any time after the 30th calendar day following the date on which
the notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company and prior to the Redemption Date unless the Company defaults on payment of the Redemption Price on the Redemption Date. 

3. 

Capitalized terms not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings scribed to such terms in the Warrant.

4. 

Except as modified herein, the terms of the Warrant shall remain in full force and effect.

5. 

This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to
be an original and shall be binding upon all parties, their successors and assigns, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Amendment. A signature delivered by facsimile or email shall constitute an original.

[Signature Page Follows] 

1 

Note to Draft: Applicable to all persons other than executive officers of the Company. 

2 

Note to Draft: Applicable only to executive officers of the Company 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first
written above. 

CIBUS, INC. 

By: 

Name: Peter Beetham -

Title: President and Chief Operating Officer 

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER] 

By: 

Name: -

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d857072dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

250 VESEY STREET NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10281.1047 

TELEPHONE: +1.212.326.3939 JONESDAY.COM 

January 22, 2025 

Cibus, Inc. 

6455 Nancy Ridge Drive 

San Diego, CA 92121 

Re: 

4,340,000 Shares of Class A Common Stock, Common Warrants to Purchase 9,040,000 Shares of
Class A Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants to Purchase up to 4,700,000 Shares of Class A Common Stock of Cibus, Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We are acting as counsel
for Cibus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the issuance and sale of 4,340,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Common Stock), warrants (the Common Warrants) to purchase 9,040,000 shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrant Shares) and, in lieu of shares of
Class A Common Stock to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 4,700,000 shares of
Class A Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and together with the Shares, the Common Warrants, the Common Warrant Shares and the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Securities), pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements, each dated as of January 21, 2025 (the Purchase Agreements), by and
among the Company and the purchasers party thereto (collectively, the Purchasers). 

In connection with the
opinions expressed herein, we have examined such documents, records and matters of law as we have deemed relevant or necessary for purposes of such opinions. Based on the foregoing, and subject to the further limitations, qualifications and
assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that: 

1. 

The Shares, when issued and delivered to the Purchasers pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements
against payment of the consideration therefor as provided therein, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2. 

The Common Warrants, when issued and delivered to the Purchasers pursuant to the terms of the Purchase
Agreements against payment of the consideration therefor as provided therein, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company. 

3. 

The Common Warrant Shares, when issued upon exercise of the Common Warrants pursuant to the terms of the Common
Warrants against payment of the exercise price therefor as provided in the Common Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

AMSTERDAM ATLANTA BEIJING BOSTON BRISBANE BRUSSELS CHICAGO CLEVELAND COLUMBUS 
DALLAS 

DETROIT DUBAI DSSELDORF FRANKFURT HONG KONG HOUSTON IRVINE LONDON 
LOS ANGELES MADRID 

MELBOURNE MEXICO CITY MIAMI MILAN MINNEAPOLIS MUNICH 
NEW YORK PARIS PERTH PITTSBURGH 

SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO SO PAULO 
SHANGHAI SILICON VALLEY SINGAPORE SYDNEY TAIPEI TOKYO WASHINGTON 

Cibus, Inc. 

January 22, 2025 

Page
2

4. 

The Pre-Funded Warrants, when issued and delivered pursuant to the
terms of the Purchase Agreements against payment of the consideration therefor as provided in the Purchase Agreements, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company. 

5. 

The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, when issued upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants against payment of the exercise price therefor as provided in the
Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

In rendering the foregoing opinions, we have assumed that the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company or an authorized committee
thereof authorizing the Company to issue, offer and sell the Securities will be in full force and effect at all times at which the Securities are offered or sold by the Company. 

The opinions in paragraph 2 and 4 are limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer and fraudulent conveyance,
voidable preference, moratorium or other similar laws and related regulations and judicial doctrines from time to time in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, and by general equitable principles and public policy
considerations, whether such principles and considerations are considered in a proceeding at law or at equity. 

As to facts material to
the opinions and assumptions expressed herein, we have relied upon oral or written statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others. The opinions expressed herein are limited to the laws of the State of
New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, in each case, as currently in effect, and we express no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated
the date hereof filed by the Company and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (Registration No. 333-273062) (the
Registration Statement), filed by the Company to effect the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act) and to the reference to Jones Day under the caption Legal
Matters in the prospectus constituting a part of such Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are included in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act or the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Jones Day
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d857072dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 21, 2025, between Cibus, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers). 

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 4.6. 

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ee). 

Board of Directors means the board of directors, or any authorized committee thereof, of the Company. 

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 

Closing Date means, with respect to each Purchaser, the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been
executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) such Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case,
have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is entered into before 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, or no later than the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof,
if this Agreement is entered at or after 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. The occurrence of the Closing Date in respect of a Purchaser is in no way conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing Date in respect of any other Purchaser. 

Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of
securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

1 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the
Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Common Warrants means,
collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable as of the Stockholder Approval Date and have terms equal to 5 years
from the initial exercise date, in substantially the form of Exhibit B attached hereto. 

Common Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants. 

Company Counsel means
Jones Day, with offices located at 250 Vesey Street, New York, New York 10281-1047. 

Disclosure Time means, (i) if
this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof,
unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City
time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent. 

DWAC shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a). 

EDGAR means the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering,
Analysis and Retrieval System. 

environmental laws shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(v).

ERISA shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(w). 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt Issuance means (a) the issuance of shares of Common Stock, options, restricted stock units or other equity
awards to employees, consultants, contractors, advisors, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any equity plan or arrangement duly adopted for such purpose, by the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) the issuance of securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and
upon exercise, exchange or conversion of other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the
date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or in connection with those certain
Amendments No. 1 to Warrant, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser (each, a Warrant Amendment Agreement)) or to extend the term of such securities (other than in connection with any Warrant
Amendment Agreement), (c) the issuance of shares of Common Stock to existing holders of the Companys securities in compliance with the terms of outstanding agreements entered into with, or instruments issued to, such holders, which agreements
are in effect as of the date hereof (and in accordance with the terms thereof as of the date hereof), provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that
require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, provided further that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase
the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities (other than shares of Common
Stock issuable to holders of the Companys outstanding warrants upon the exercise of such warrants, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease
the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or any Warrant Amendment Agreement) or to extend the term of such securities (other than in connection with any
Warrant Amendment 

2 

Agreement)) and (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or other strategic transactions, including without limitation collaborations or
arrangements involving research and development or the purchase, sale or licensing of intellectual property, approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted
securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein, and provided that any
such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to
the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing
in securities. 

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Intellectual Property shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n). 

Investment Company Act shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa). 

IT Systems shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(cc). 

Lien means a lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, claim, right of first refusal, pre-emptive right, or other encumbrance of any kind whatsoever. 

Lock-Up Agreements means the lock-up
agreements, each dated as of or prior to the date hereof in substantially the form of Exhibit A. 

Material Adverse
Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(b). 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 

Offering means the offering of the Securities hereunder. 

PCAOB shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price equals $2.4999 (the Per Share Purchase Price
minus $0.0001), subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

Per Share Purchase Price equals $2.50, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

Permits shall
have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m). 

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Personal Data shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(cc). 

Placement Agency Agreement means that certain Placement Agency Agreement by and between the Company and the Placement
Agent, dated as of the date hereof. 

Placement Agent means A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners. 

3 

Pre-Funded Warrants means,
collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to certain Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which
Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable at any time on or after six months from the date of issuance and until exercised in full, in substantially the form of Exhibit C attached hereto. 

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

Prospectus means the final prospectus filed
pursuant to the Registration Statement. 

Prospectus Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with
Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that will be filed with the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at or prior to the Closing. 

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.9. 

Registration Statement means the effective registration statement filed with the Commission on Form S-3 (File No. 333-273062), as amended, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which
registers the sale of the Securities and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. 

Required Approvals means,
collectively, (i) the filings contemplated by Section 4.5 of this Agreement, (ii) 

the filing with the Commission of the
Prospectus Supplement, a Current Report on Form 8-K and any other filings required to be made with the Commission, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to the principal Trading Market for the listing of
the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the Stockholder Approval, and (v) filings required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) or under state
securities, or Blue Sky, laws in connection with the sale of the Securities. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by
the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or
interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. 

Rule 462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional
Securities, which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act. 

Sanctioned Country(ies) shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ff). 

Sanctioned Person(s) shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ff). 

Sanctions shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ff). 

SEC Reports shall mean all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the date of this Agreement (including, in each case, the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by
reference therein), together with the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement. 

Securities means for each Purchaser,
the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement. 

Securities Act means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

4 

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each
Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include the Warrant Shares. 

Short Sales
means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing Common Stock). 

Stifel Sales Agreement means that certain Sales Agreement by and between the Company and Stifel, Nicolaus &
Company, Incorporated, dated January 2, 2024. 

Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the
applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to the exercise of the Common Warrants. 

Stockholder Approval Date means the first Trading Day following the Companys notice to the Purchasers of Stockholder
Approval, which notice shall be provided in writing by the Company to the Purchasers on the date that the Company receives the Stockholder Approval in accordance with SEC rules and regulations and applicable law and provisions of the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. 

Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be
paid for Shares or Pre-Funded Warrants (in lieu of Shares) and Common Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading
Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds. 

Subsidiaries shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(c). 

Trading Day means a day on which the Trading Market is open
for trading. 

Trading Market means The Nasdaq Capital Market (or any nationally recognized successor
thereto); provided, however, that in the event the Companys Common Stock is ever listed or traded on The Nasdaq Global Market, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the NYSE Arca, the OTC
Bulletin Board, or the OTCQX or the OTCQB operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or any nationally recognized successor to any of the foregoing), then the Trading Market shall mean such other market or exchange on which the
Companys Common Stock is then listed or traded. 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, the Lock-Up Agreements and the Placement Agency Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

Transfer Agent means Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC., the current transfer agent of the Company, at its
principal office in New York, New York, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 

USA Patriot Act shall have
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ee). 

Warrants means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

Warrant Shares means, collectively, the Common Warrant Shares
and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares. 

5 

ARTICLE II 

PURCHASE AND SALE 

2.1 Closing. 

(a) 

On the applicable Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, Company will
sell, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agrees to purchase, (i) the number of shares of Common Stock set forth under the heading Subscription Amount on the Purchasers signature page hereto, at the Per Share
Purchase Price and (ii) Common Warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock as calculated pursuant to Section 2.2(a); provided, however, that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser
(together with such Purchasers Affiliates, and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
(as defined below), such Purchaser may elect to purchase Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of the Shares as determined pursuant to Section 2.3(a). The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be
[4.99][9.99]% [4.99% or 9.99%, as indicated on the signature page hereto] [19.99]% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date; provided, however,
that the Purchaser may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds [9.99]1[19.99]2% (provided, that an Affiliate may terminate this Beneficial Ownership Limitation if it is no longer required for compliance with applicable Nasdaq listing rules) of the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities on the Closing Date. 

Unless
otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, each Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment (DVP) settlement with
the Company or its designees. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in
Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures or such other location as the parties
shall mutually agree. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via DVP settlement (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the applicable Purchasers names and
addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser; upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable
Purchaser, and payment therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, the Warrants shall be issued to each Purchaser in originally signed form,
which may be a .pdf image thereof at Closing with the original signature page to be delivered promptly thereafter. 

(b)
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and subject to the satisfaction of the requirements of Section 5.7 hereof, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser through,
and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any Person all, or any portion, of any Securities to be issued hereunder to such
Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement Securities), such Person shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company),
be deemed to be a Purchaser under this Agreement unconditionally bound to purchase, and the Company shall be deemed unconditionally bound to sell, such Pre-Settlement Securities to such Person at the Closing;
provided, that the Company shall not be required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Securities to such Person prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such
Pre-Settlement Securities hereunder; and provided, further, that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether
or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made
at the time such Purchaser elects to effect any such sale, if any. 

2.2 Deliveries. 

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following: 

1 

Applicable to Holders who are non-Affiliates.

2 

Applicable to Holders who may be Affiliates. 

6 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company and the Purchasers; 

(ii) a legal opinion of the Company Counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent, dated on or
prior to the Closing Date; 

(iii) the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the
Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer; 

(iv) subject to the penultimate sentence of
Section 2.1(a), a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser; 

(v) an originally signed Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to the number of shares of
Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers investment with an exercise price equal to $2.50, subject to adjustment as set forth therein; 

(vi) for each Purchaser of Pre-Funded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, an
originally signed Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable
to Pre-Funded Warrants divided by the Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment as set forth therein; 

(vii) the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities
Act); 

(viii) Lock-up Agreements, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Purchasers, executed by each of the Companys executive officers and directors; 

(ix) an Officers
Certificate, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent; and 

(x) a Secretarys Certificate,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent. 

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Company the following: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(ii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for DVP settlement with the Company or its
designees. 

2.3 Closing Conditions. 

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality in all
respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent
representations or warranties are qualified by materiality in all respects) as of such date); 

(ii) all obligations,
covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed in all material respects at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and 

7 

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in
Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are
subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent
representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in
which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date); 

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall
have been performed; 

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and 

(v) from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or
the Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are
reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other
national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the
Securities at the Closing. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each
Purchaser: 

(a) Securities Act Compliance; Registration. The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement 

in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which Registration Statement became effective on October 27, 2023, including
the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened
by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus and Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments
thereto became effective as determined under the Securities Act, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus, the
Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to
the requirements of the Securities Act and, together with the Company presentation provided to each Purchaser, did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement eligible to use Form S-3. The Company
is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and as of the latest applicable determination date, met the transaction requirements with respect to the aggregate market value of the common equity held by
non-affiliates prior to this offering as set forth in General Instruction I.B.I of Form S-3.

8 

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company has been duly incorporated and
is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the SEC Reports and to
enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and has been duly qualified as a foreign corporation for the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases properties
or conducts any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure so to qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (A) the business, prospects, management, financial
position, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries (defined below), considered as one enterprise, or (B) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or the Companys
ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document; provided that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed, in and of itself, to constitute
a Material Adverse Effect (a Material Adverse Effect). 

(c) Subsidiaries. Each subsidiary of the Company (each a
Subsidiary) has been duly incorporated (or organized) and is validly existing as a corporation (or other organization) in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation (or organization), with power and authority
to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the SEC Reports, and has been duly qualified as a foreign corporation (or other organization) for the transaction of business and is in good standing under the laws of
each other jurisdiction in which its owns or leases properties or conducts any business so as to require such qualification, except where the failure so to qualify or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; all of the issued and outstanding capital stock (or other ownership interests) of each Subsidiary has been duly and validly authorized and issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is owned by the
Company, directly or through Subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance, claim or equity. 

(d) Capitalization. The Company has an authorized capitalization as set forth in the SEC Reports, and all of 

the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and conform to the descriptions thereof contained in the SEC Reports; and none of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to any preemptive or similar rights.

(e) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other
Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the
Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals including, without limitation, the Stockholder Approval. This Agreement and each other Transaction
Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of
creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law. 

(f) Shares; Common Warrants; Warrant Shares. The Shares have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued
and delivered to and paid for by the Purchasers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable and will conform in all material respects to
the descriptions thereof contained in the SEC Reports; and the issuance of such Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights. The Common Warrants have been duly and validly authorized and, when executed by the Company and delivered to
and paid for by the Purchasers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors or by general equitable principles, and will conform in all 

9 

material respects to the descriptions thereof in the SEC Reports. The Warrant Shares have been duly and validly authorized and reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Common Warrants in a
number sufficient to meet the current exercise requirements. The Warrant Shares, when issued and delivered upon exercise of the Common Warrants in accordance therewith, will be duly and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable and will conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the SEC Reports; and the issuance of such Warrant Shares is not subject to any preemptive or similar rights. 

(g) Conflicts. The issue and sale of the Securities, the execution of this Agreement by the Company and the 

compliance by the Company with all of the provisions of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated will not
(A) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, (B) result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate
or articles of incorporation or by-laws (or other organization documents) of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or (C) result in the violation of any statute or any order, rule or regulation of any
court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their properties, except in the case of (A) or (C), where such conflict, breach, violation, or default would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and no consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any such court or governmental agency or body is required for the issue and sale of the Securities or the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except the registration under the Securities Act of the Shares and the Required Approvals, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Stockholder Approval. 

(h) Financial Statements. Ernst & Young LLP, which expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements and
supporting schedules of the Company on a consolidated basis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement was, for the applicable
period as to which it expressed its opinion an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). BDO USA,
LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements and supporting schedules of the Company on a consolidated basis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement was, for the applicable period as to which it expressed its opinion an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules of the
PCAOB. The financial statements, together with related schedules and notes, included in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and present
fairly the consolidated financial position, results of operations and changes in financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries on the basis stated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement at the respective
dates or for the respective periods to which they apply; such statements and related schedules and notes have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied throughout the periods involved, except as
disclosed therein; and the selected financial data and the summary financial data included in the SEC Reports present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the financial statements included in
the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement. The pro forma financial statements of the Company and the Subsidiaries and the related notes thereto included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement present fairly in all material respects the information shown therein, have been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines with respect to pro forma financial statements and have
been properly compiled on the bases described therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. The
interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the
Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. 

(i) No Material Change. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
sustained since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the SEC Reports any material loss or interference with its business from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor
dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the SEC Reports; and, since 

10 

the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports, (1) there has not been any material change in the capital stock (other than as a
result of the grant, vesting or exercise of stock options or other equity incentives pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans or the issuance of deferred shares as described in the Registration Statement and the SEC Reports) or
long-term debt of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, (2) there has not been any Material Adverse Effect, (3) there have been no transactions entered into by, and no obligations or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, incurred by the
Company or any of the Subsidiaries, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, which are material to the Company and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise or (4) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared,
paid or made by the Company on any class of its capital stock, in each case, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated in the SEC Reports. 

(j) No Violations. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is (1) in violation of its certificate or articles of
incorporation or bylaws (or other organization documents) or (2) in violation of any law, ordinance, administrative or governmental rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or (3) in violation of any decree
of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, or (4) in default in the performance of any obligation, agreement or condition contained in any bond, debenture, note or any other
evidence of indebtedness or in any agreement, indenture, lease or other instrument to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties may be bound, except, in the case of clauses
(2), (3) and (4), where any such violation or default, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(k) Property. Each of the Company and each Subsidiary has good and marketable title to all real and personal property owned by it which
is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in the SEC Reports or such as do not materially affect the value of
such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any Subsidiary; and any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company or any Subsidiary which is material to the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
property and buildings by the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(l) Proceedings. Other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, there
are no legal or governmental proceedings pending to which the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is a party or of which any property of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries is the subject which, if determined adversely to the Company or the
Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, would have or may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or which are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the SEC Reports; and, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, no such proceedings are threatened or contemplated by governmental authorities or others. 

(m) Permits. The Company and
the Subsidiaries possess all permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (collectively, Permits) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the
businesses now operated by them, except where the failure to so possess, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and
conditions of all such Permits and all of the Permits are valid and in full force and effect, except, in each case, where the failure so to comply or where the invalidity of such Permits or the failure of such Permits to be in full force and effect,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or material modification of
any such Permits which, singly or in the aggregate, if subject to any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(n) Intellectual Property. Except where a failure thereof would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the
Subsidiaries own all rights in, or possess, or can acquire on reasonable terms, licenses to all copyrights, software, trade secrets, mask works, know-how, Internet domain names; trademarks, service
marks, trade names, and other indicia of origin; and inventions (whether or not patentable), patents and patent rights (collectively Intellectual Property) material to carrying on the businesses of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as described in the SEC Reports. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written correspondence relating to, or notice of, any misappropriation, infringement of or other violation of or conflict with
the rights of others 

11 

in any Intellectual Property, and to the knowledge of the Company there is no and has been no such misappropriation, infringement, violation or conflict and which misappropriation, infringement,
violation or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or invalidity or inadequacy, individually or in the aggregate, would have or may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary has received any written correspondence relating to, or notice of any allegation that any Intellectual Property owned by or held for use by the Company is invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, or any challenge to the Company or any Subsidiarys ownership of any Intellectual Property, and to the knowledge of the Company there is no valid basis for any such allegation or challenge and which invalidity or inadequacy would
have or may reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(o) Labor Disputes. No material labor dispute with the
employees of the Company or the Subsidiaries exists, or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent. The Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbance by the employees of any of its or any Subsidiarys principal
suppliers, manufacturers, customers or contractors, which, individually or in the aggregate, may reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and
risks and in such amounts as are, in the Companys judgement, prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and the Company has no reason to believe that either it or any Subsidiary will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to
obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not have a material adverse effect on the Company and the Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise. 

(q) Books and Records. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have made and keep books, records and accounts, which, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that
(1) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets; (3) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the
existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (5) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement
is in conformity in all material respects with generally accepted accounting principles and is updated as necessary to comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Commissions rules and guidelines
applicable thereto and present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position, results of operations and changes in financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries on the basis stated in the Registration Statement at the
respective dates or for the respective periods to which they apply. 

(r) Internal Controls. Since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included in the SEC Reports, (a) the Company has not been advised of (1) any significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls that could adversely affect the ability of the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries to record, process, summarize and report financial data, or any material weaknesses in internal controls and (2) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
internal controls of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and (b) since that date, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(s) Disclosure Controls. The Company maintains disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15 (e) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act; such disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

12 

(t) Taxes. All United States federal income tax returns of the Company and the
Subsidiaries required by law to be filed (after taking into account any applicable extensions) have been filed and all taxes shown by such returns or otherwise assessed, which are due and payable, have been paid, except assessments against which
appeals have been or will be promptly taken and as to which adequate reserves have been provided. The Company and the Subsidiaries have filed all other tax returns that are required to have been filed by them pursuant to applicable foreign, state,
local or other law, except insofar as the failure to file such returns, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to
any assessment received by the Company or any Subsidiary except for such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided except insofar as the failure to pay such taxes or assessments,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company and the Subsidiaries in respect of any income and corporation tax liability for
any years not finally determined are adequate to meet any assessments or re-assessments for additional income tax for any years not finally determined except to the extent such inadequacy,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(u) Required
Disclosures. There are no statutes, regulations, documents or contracts of a character required to be described in the Registration Statement or the SEC Reports or to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement which are not described
or filed as required. 

(v) Environmental. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is in violation of any statute or any
rule, regulation, decision or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, production, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the
environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, environmental laws), owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any environmental laws, is liable for any off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any environmental laws, or is subject to any claim relating to any environmental laws, which violation, contamination, liability or claim, individually or
in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and the Company is not aware of any pending investigation which would reasonably be expected to lead to such a claim. 

(w) ERISA. Each employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or any Subsidiary for employees or former employees of the Company and its affiliates has been maintained in compliance with its terms and the
requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, except to the extent that failure to so comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. No prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code has occurred with respect to any such plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative
exemption, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(x) FCPA. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries, or any director or officer, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any agent, employee or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has (i) used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds,
(iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or (iv) made any bribe, unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment. 

(y) Sarbanes-Oxley. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in
their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to
certifications. 

(z) Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no persons with registration
rights or other similar rights to have securities registered pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise registered by the Company under the Securities Act. 

13 

(aa) Investment Company Act. Except The Company is not and, after giving effect
to the offering and sale of the Securities as contemplated herein and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the SEC Reports, will not be an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). 

(bb) Statistical Information. The statistical and market and
industry-related data included in the SEC Reports are based on or derived from sources which the Company believes to be reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such
sources. 

(cc) IT. The Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware,
software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company as currently
conducted, and to the knowledge of the Company are free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company has implemented and maintained or caused to be implemented and maintained
commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data (including all
personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data (Personal Data)) used in connection with its businesses, and there have been no breaches, violations, outages, attacks, compromises or unauthorized uses
of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company is presently in
material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and
security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps consistent
with industry standards and best practices to protect the IT Systems and data within the control of the Company or its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries have used reasonable efforts to establish, and have established, commercially
reasonable disaster recovery measures for their business consistent with industry standards and best practices, including, without limitation, for the IT Systems and data within the control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(dd) No Non-Renewal. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has sent or received
any written communication regarding termination of, or intent not to renew, any of the contracts or agreements referred to or described in the SEC Reports, or referred to or described in, or filed as an exhibit to, the Registration Statement, and no
such termination or non-renewal has been threatened by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any other party to any such contract or agreement, except as would
not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ee) AML. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted
in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA Patriot Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations
thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any governmental or regulatory agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by
or before any court or governmental or regulatory agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(ff) Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director, officer, or, to the knowledge of the Company,
agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is, or is controlled or 50% or more owned in the aggregate by or is acting on behalf of, one or more individuals or entities that are currently the subject of any
sanctions administered or enforced by the United States (including any administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or the Bureau of Industry and Security of
the U.S. Department of Commerce), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any member state of the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority in a jurisdiction in which the
Company or its subsidiaries operate (collectively, Sanctions and such persons, Sanctioned Persons and each such person, a Sanctioned Person), (ii) is located, organized or resident in a
country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with 

14 

that country or territory (at the time of this Agreement, the Crimea, so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic,
Kherson, so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria, collectively, Sanctioned Countries and each such country,
a Sanctioned Country) or (iii) will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or
entity in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by, or would result in the imposition of Sanctions against, any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the offering, whether as underwriter,
advisor, investor or otherwise). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries and has in the last five years engaged in any dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned Person, or with, for the benefit of, or in a Sanctioned
Country in violation of Sanctions nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any plans to engage in dealings or transactions with or for the benefit of a Sanctioned Person or with, for the benefit of, or in a Sanctioned Country. No action,
suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries, with respect to Sanctions is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(gg) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the
Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or
fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with
the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives. 

(hh) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary
notwithstanding (except for Sections 3.2(e) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or
selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any
Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys
publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more
Purchasers may engage in hedging activities (in material compliance with applicable laws) at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction
Documents. 

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser (including each Purchaser in respect of Pre-Settlement Securities), for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date
therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date): 

(a) Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an
individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and
authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction
Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors
rights generally; (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law. 

15 

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities
as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers
right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). 

(c) Experience and Status of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such
knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such
Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof
it is, either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the Securities Act, or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A(a) under the Securities Act. 

(d) Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review
the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the reports filed with the Commission, including the SEC Reports, and has been afforded: (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and
to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the Offering and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without
unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent, nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent, has provided
such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality
of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection
with the issuance of the Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent, nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Purchaser. 

(e) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the
time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms, which terms include definitive pricing information, of the transactions
contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such
Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with
respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers
representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or a prohibition of, any actions with respect to
the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities of the Company in order for such Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future. 

16 

(f) No Voting Agreements. The Purchaser is not a party to any agreement or
arrangement, whether written or oral, between the Purchaser and any other Purchaser and any of the Companys stockholders as of the date hereof, regulating the management of the Company, the stockholders rights in the Company, the
transfer of shares in the Company, including any voting agreements, stockholder agreements or any other similar agreement, even if its title is different or has any other relations or agreements with any of the Companys stockholders, directors
or officers. 

(g) Brokers. No agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting in a similar capacity on behalf of or
under the authority of the Purchaser is or will be entitled to any brokers or finders fee or any other commission or similar fee, directly or indirectly, for which the Company or any of its Affiliates after the Closing could have any
liabilities in connection with this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or on account of any action taken by the Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(h) Independent Advice. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf
of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax, or investment advice. 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any
representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, except as set forth in this Agreement, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short
Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

ARTICLE IV 

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1 Legends. The Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares shall be issued free of legends. If at any time following the date hereof
the Registration Statement is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale of the Shares, the Warrants, or the Warrant Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement
is not then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale of the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the
foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any Purchaser to sell, any of the Shares, the Warrants or the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use commercially
reasonable best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares effective during the term of the Warrants. 

4.2 [Reserved.] 

4.3
Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under
Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange
Act, even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

4.4 Integration. The Company
shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction, other than with
respect to the Securities and any stockholder approvals related to the Securities, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Stockholder Approval. 

17 

4.5 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the
Disclosure Time issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material,
non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral,
between the Company, any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no
further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in
issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the
Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is
required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser,
or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the
filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure
permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure. 

4.6 Stockholder
Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison
pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement,
by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. 

4.7 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.5, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or any
Purchasers agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have
consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in
securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information
to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material,
non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such material non-public information on with the Commission pursuant to
a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 

4.8 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital and
general corporate purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices), (b)
for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation, or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. 

18 

4.9 Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this
Section 4.9, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles
notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser
Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of
investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur caused by or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in any of the representations or warranties or breach of covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other
Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity (including a Purchaser Partys status as an investor), or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is
not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provided herein in intended to, and shall also cover, direct claims brought
by the Company against any Purchaser Parties, unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such
Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or
willful misconduct). The Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, caused by or based upon (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement
or any amendment or supplement thereto, or caused by or based upon any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing
to the Company by such Purchaser Party expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection
therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to
assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period
of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel to the Purchaser Party, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of
such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any
settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is finally
judicially determined to be solely attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. In
addition, if any Purchaser Party take action to collect amounts due under any Transaction Documents or to enforce the provisions of any Transaction Documents, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred. The indemnification and other payment
obligations required by this Section 4.9 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation, defense, collection, enforcement or action, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 

4.10 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and
keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrant Shares pursuant to any valid exercise of the
Warrants. 

19 

4.11 Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially
reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and Warrant Shares
on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then
include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company
will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of
the Trading Market. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including,
without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer. 

4.12 Subsequent Equity Sales. 

(a) From the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the Closing Date (the Restricted Period), neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or amendment or supplement
thereto, other than a registration statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Restricted Period, the Company is permitted to make sales under
the Stifel Sales Agreement, provided that such sales shall only be permitted at prices not less than the Per Share Purchase Price. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance. 

4.13 Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or
paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this
provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers
acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Shares or otherwise. 

4.14 Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales,
including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to
the initial press release as described in Section 4.5. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.5, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in this Agreement, including the schedules hereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not
engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.5, (ii) no
Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first
publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.5 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company or the Subsidiaries or
any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of
such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. 

20 

4.15 Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the
Warrants sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information, or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without
limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required
in order to exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions, and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents. 

4.16 Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision
of any of the Lock-Up Agreements (or any substantially similar lock-up agreements signed by transferees of the initial parties to the
Lock-up Agreements) except to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement
(or any substantially similar lock-up agreements signed by transferees of the initial parties to the Lock-up Agreements) in accordance with its terms. If any party to a Lock-Up Agreement (or any substantially similar lock-up agreements signed by transferees of the initial parties to the Lock-up
Agreements) breaches any provision of such agreement, the Company shall promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to seek specific performance of the terms of such agreement. 

4.17 Stockholder Approval. To the extent required under the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any
successor entity), the Company shall hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is one hundred and twenty (120) days following the Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval for the
Warrants, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in
such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposals. If the Company does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Company shall call a meeting every sixty (60) days
thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the Stockholder Approval Date, the date that the Common Warrants are no longer outstanding or such earlier date as may be agreed in writing between the Company and the Purchasers. 

ARTICLE V 

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder
only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date
hereof; provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

5.2 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all
Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser). The Company
shall pay any issuance, stamp or documentary taxes (other than transfer taxes) or charges imposed by any governmental body, agency or official (other than income taxes) by reason of the issuance of Shares to the Purchasers. 

5.3 Prior Agreements. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain 

the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

21 

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required
or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email
attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day,
(c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such
notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously disclose such information in accordance with applicable law and file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this
Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Securities based on the initial
Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or
waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision,
condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any
party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the
comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder
of Securities and the Company. 

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this
Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns, including purchasers in respect of Pre-Settlement Securities. The Company may not assign this Agreement
or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any
Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers, including giving each of the
representations and warranties of the Purchasers set forth in Section 3.2. 

5.8 Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement
Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.9 and this Section 5.8. 

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction
Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other
jurisdiction. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its
respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any 

22 

transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.9, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 

5.10 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the
Securities for a period of five (5) years from the Closing. 

5.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, by other electronic signing created on
an electronic platform (such as DocuSign) or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as
if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision,
covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that
may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not
timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or
in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights, provided, however, that in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such
rescinded exercise notice concurrently (if such shares were delivered to the applicable Purchaser) with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers
right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right). 

5.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or
destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated
with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 

5.15 Remedies. In addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary
damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such obligation
the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

23 

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or
payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as
if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

5.17 Independent Nature of Purchasers
Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or
thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other
Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel (i) have chosen to communicate with the Company through Sullivan & Worcester LLP, the legal counsel of the
Placement Agent, and (ii) understand and agree that Sullivan & Worcester LLP, as legal counsel of the Placement Agent, does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide
all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in
this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. 

5.18 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the
Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such
partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled. 

5.19 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.
If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day. 

5.20 Currency. Unless otherwise stated, all dollar amounts and references to $ in this Agreement refer to the lawful
currency of the United States. 

5.21 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have
reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the
Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

24 

5.22 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY
JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

(Signature Pages Follow) 

25 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

CIBUS, INC. Address for Notice:

Cibus, Inc.

6455 Nancy Ridge Drive

By: 

San Diego, CA 92121

Name: Attention: Jason Stokes, General Counsel

Title: Email: jstokes@cibus.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Jones Day

250 Vesey Street

New York, NY 10281

Attention: Peter E. Devlin

Email: pdevlin@jonesday.com

[COMPANY SIGNATURE PAGE TO CIBUS, INC. 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

26 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO CIBUS, INC. 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:______________________________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory:___________________________________________________________________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory:____________________________________________________________________ 

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:_____________________________________________________________ 

Address for Notice to

Purchaser: ______________________________________________________________________________________

_______________________________________________________________________________________________ 

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):____________________________ 

_____________________________________________________________________________________________ 

DWAC for Shares: _____________________________________________________________________ 

Subscription Amount: $ 

Shares of Common Stock: 

Common Warrant Shares: 

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 
4.99% or 9.99% [or 19.99%]3

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares: 

Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99% [or 19.99%]4

EIN Number: ____________________ 

Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations
of the Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii) the Closing shall occur on [the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement if this
Agreement is entered into before 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, or no later than the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof, if this Agreement is entered at or after 4:00 p.m. Eastern
time]5[the [] Trading Day following the Date of this Agreement]6, and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement
(but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall
instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date. 

3 

Note to Draft: Insert for executive officer Purchaser. 

4 

Note to Draft: Insert for executive officer Purchaser. 

5 

Note to Draft: Applicable to Purchasers who are not Affiliates. 

6 

Note to Draft: Applicable to Purchasers who may be Affiliates. 

27 

Exhibit A 

Form of Lock-Up Agreement 

January 21, 2025 

A.G.P./Alliance Global
Partners 

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor 

New York, New York 10022 

Re: Cibus, Inc.
Proposed Offering 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The undersigned understands that you (AGP) propose to enter into a Placement Agency Agreement (the
Placement Agency Agreement) providing for the offer and sale (the Offering) of (i) shares (the Shares) of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock), of Cibus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company); (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (each, a Pre-Funded Warrant) and (iii) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (together with the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants, the
Securities). Capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the and the purchasers listed therein. 

In consideration of the execution of the Placement Agency Agreement by AGP, and for other good and valuable consideration, the undersigned
hereby irrevocably agrees that, without the prior written consent of AGP, the undersigned will not, directly or indirectly, (a) offer for sale, sell, pledge, or otherwise transfer or dispose of (or enter into any transaction or device that is
designed to, or could reasonably be expected to, result in the transfer or disposition by any person at any time in the future of) any shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, (i) shares of Common Stock that may be deemed to be
beneficially owned by the undersigned in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and over which the undersigned exercises investment discretion and (ii) shares of Common Stock that may be issued upon
exercise of any options or warrants) or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock; (b) enter into any swap or other derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
benefits or risks of ownership of shares of Common Stock, whether any such transaction described in clause (a) or (b) above is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise; (c) except as provided for
below, make any demand for or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration statement, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of any shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Common Stock or any other securities of the Company; or (d) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing for a period commencing on the date hereof and ending sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (such 60-day period, the Lock-Up Period). 

The foregoing paragraph shall not apply to (a) transactions relating to shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, or any other securities acquired in the open market after the completion of the Offering, provided that no filing under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), shall be required or shall be voluntarily made in connection with such transactions; (b) bona fide gifts of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Common Stock, in each case that are made exclusively between and among the undersigned or members of the undersigneds family, or affiliates of the undersigned, including its partners (if a partnership) or members (if a limited
liability company) or to any investment fund or other entity controlling, controlled by, managing or managed by or under common control with the undersigned or affiliates of the undersigned (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where the
undersigned is a partnership, to its general partner or a successor partnership or fund, or any other funds managed by such partnership), or as part of a distribution, transfer or disposition to its members, partners, shareholders or other equity
holders of the undersigned; (c) any transfer of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock by will or intestate succession upon the death of the undersigned; (d) transfer of
shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock to an immediate family member (for purposes of this lock-up letter agreement (this Lock-Up Letter Agreement), immediate family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin) or any trust, limited partnership, limited
liability company or other entity for the direct 

or indirect benefit of the undersigned or any immediate family member of the undersigned; provided that, in the case of clauses (b), (c) and (d) above, it shall be a
condition to any such transfer that (i) the transferee/donee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement (including, without limitation, the restrictions set forth in the preceding
sentence) to the same extent as if the transferee/donee were a party hereto; (ii) each party (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) shall agree to not voluntarily make, any filing or public announcement of the transfer or disposition prior to
the expiration of the 60-day period referred to above and if any filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report, or announcement reporting a change of beneficial ownership
of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock in connection with such transfer or distribution, shall be legally required during the Lock-Up
Period, such filing, report or announcement shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto the nature and conditions of such transfer; and (iii) except in the case of the death of the undersigned, the undersigned notifies AGP at least two
(2) business days prior to the proposed transfer or disposition; (e) the transfer of shares to cover the applicable exercise price or tax withholding obligations, including estimated taxes, for any equity award granted pursuant to the
terms of the Companys stock option/incentive plans, such as upon exercise, vesting, lapse of substantial risk of forfeiture, or upon the exercise of warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, or other similar taxable event, in each case on a
cashless or net exercise basis, provided that as a condition of any transfer pursuant to this clause (e), that if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or
other public filing, report, or announcement, reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock during the
Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such report, and if applicable an appropriate disposition transaction code, to the effect that such transfer is being made as a share delivery or
forfeiture in connection with a net value exercise, or as a forfeiture or sale of shares solely to cover required exercise price or tax withholding obligations, including estimated taxes, as the case may be; (f) transfers of shares of Common
Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock pursuant to a bona fide third party tender offer made to all holders of the Common Stock, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction involving a change
of control (as defined below) of the Company, including voting in favor of any such transaction or taking any other action in connection with such transaction, provided that in the event that such merger, tender offer or other
transaction is not completed, the Common Stock and any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock shall remain subject to the restrictions set forth herein; (g) the vesting of equity awards, the exercise of
warrants or the exercise of stock options granted pursuant to the Companys stock option/incentive plans or otherwise outstanding on the date hereof; provided, that the restrictions shall apply to shares of Common Stock issued upon
such vesting, exercise or conversion; (h) the establishment of any, or the continued use of any existing, contract, instruction or plan that satisfies all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 (a
Rule 10b5-1 Plan) under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that except for already existing plans, no sales of Common Stock or securities convertible into,
or exchangeable or exercisable for, Common Stock, shall be made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period; provided
further, that the Company does not voluntarily effect any public filing or report regarding such Rule 10b5-1 Plan; (i) any demands or requests for, exercise any right with respect to, or take any
action in preparation of, the registration by the Company under the Securities Act of the undersigneds shares of Common Stock, provided that no transfer of the undersigneds shares of Common Stock registered pursuant to the exercise of
any such right and no registration statement shall be filed under the Securities Act with respect to any of the undersigneds shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period; (j) transfers of shares
of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock pursuant to an order of a court or regulatory agency (for purposes of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement, a
court or regulatory agency means any domestic or foreign, federal, state or local government, including any political subdivision thereof, any governmental or quasi-governmental authority, department, agency or official, any court or
administrative body, and any national securities exchange or similar self-regulatory body or organization, in each case of competent jurisdiction); provided that as a condition of any transfer pursuant to this clause (j), that if
the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report, or announcement reporting a reduction of beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock in connection with such transfer, shall indicate, to the extent permitted by such section and related rules and regulations and by such order, that such transfer is pursuant to an order of a court or
regulatory agency; (k) conversions or exchanges of shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Class B Common Stock), of the Company for or into Common Stock; and
(l) any transfer, sale or other disposition of shares, or the provision for a future transfer, sale or other disposition of Common Stock (including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan), reasonably necessary to
cover any tax payments or tax withholding obligations, including estimated taxes, that may be required in connection with taxes assessed on any shares of Common Stock or Class B Common Stock received pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated January 13, 2023, by and 

among the Company (f/k/a Calyxt, Inc.), Calypso Merger Subsidiary, LLC, Cibus Global LLC and the other parties thereto, provided that as a condition of any transfer pursuant to this clause
(l), that if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public filing, report, or announcement, reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall include a statement in such report, and if applicable an appropriate disposition transaction
code, to the effect that such transfer is being made solely to cover required tax withholding obligations, including estimated taxes, as the case may be. For purposes of clause (f) above, change of control shall mean the
consummation of any bona fide third party tender offer, merger, purchase, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or group of
persons, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of a majority of total voting power of the voting stock of the Company.

The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar
against the transfer of the undersigneds securities subject to this Lock-Up Letter Agreement except in compliance with this Lock-Up Letter Agreement. 

It is understood that, if the Company notifies AGP that it does not intend to proceed with the Offering, if the Placement Agency Agreement
does not become effective, or if the Placement Agency Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares, the undersigned will be released from its
obligations under this Lock-Up Letter Agreement. 

The undersigned understands that the Company and
AGP will proceed with the Offering in reliance on this Lock-Up Letter Agreement. 

This Lock-Up Letter Agreement shall automatically terminate upon (a) the termination of the Placement Agency Agreement prior to the issuance and delivery of the Shares, (b) the date that either the Company or
AGP provides written notice to the other that it has determined not to proceed with the proposed Offering, provided that the Company and AGP shall not have executed the Placement Agency Agreement on or prior to such date. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, this Lock-Up Letter Agreement shall lapse and become null and void if the closing of the Offering shall not have occurred on or before February 28, 2025. 

This Lock-Up Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. Delivery of a signed copy of this Lock-Up Letter
Agreement by facsimile or e-mail/.pdf transmission shall be effective as the delivery of the original hereof. 

The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full power and authority to enter into this Lock-Up Letter Agreement and that, upon request, the undersigned will execute any additional documents necessary in connection with the enforcement hereof. Any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding upon
the heirs, personal representative, successors and assigns of the undersigned. 

[Signature page follows] 

Very truly yours,

(Name)

(Signature)

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities 

Please Print)

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities 

Please Print)

Address: 

Exhibit B 

Form of Common Warrant 

Exhibit C 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cbus-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cbus-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cbus-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g857072dsp48.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001705843

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Cibus, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38161

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1967997

Entity Address, Address Line One 6455 Nancy Ridge Drive

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92121

City Area Code (858)

Local Phone Number 450-0008

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol CBUS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.cibus.com//20250121/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cbus-20250121.xsd 
cbus-20250121_lab.xml 
cbus-20250121_pre.xml 
d857072d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-010355-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d857072d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001705843 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

false 
0001705843 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
Cibus, Inc. 
DE 
001-38161 
27-1967997 
6455 Nancy Ridge Drive 
San Diego 
CA 
92121 
(858) 
450-0008 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
CBUS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>