<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-013999.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-013999.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415172458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-013999
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fortress Net Lease REIT
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001966394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				921937121
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56632
		FILM NUMBER:		25840640

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-798-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20047394_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001966394NY00019663942025-04-112025-04-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 11, 2025

Fortress Net Lease REIT

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland

000-56632

92-1937121

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10105

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(212) 798-6100

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None 

None 

None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously disclosed, Fortress Net Lease REIT (the Company) is conducting a continuous offering (the Offering) of its securities in reliance on an
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), to investors that are accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act). On April 11, 2025, the Board of Trustees (the Board) of the Company determined to
transition the dealer manager for the Offering from Independent Brokerage Solutions LLC (the Prior Dealer Manager) to Fortress Wealth Solutions LLC (the New
Dealer Manager), a registered broker-dealer affiliated with FNLR Management LLC (the Adviser), the adviser to the Company. In connection with the transition, the Prior Dealer Manager
assigned the Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated November 15, 2024, by and among the Company, the Adviser and the
Prior Dealer Manager, to the New Dealer Manager. Thereafter, the Company, the Adviser and the New Dealer Manager entered into a Dealer Manager Agreement (as amended, the Dealer Manager Agreement), which includes an updated form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement (the Updated Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement) to be
entered into with certain broker-dealers reflecting the transition from the Prior Dealer Manager to the New Dealer Manager.

Among other things, the Dealer Manager Agreement reflects the transition of the dealer manager role to the New Dealer Manager. In addition, the
Dealer Manager Agreement was updated to reflect the recent share class changes implemented by the Company, to note the Offering includes the unlimited offering of Class S, Class D and Class I shares, and to delete certain references to the
initial share offering period, which was terminated as of February 1, 2024. Additionally, the Updated Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement was updated to reflect the recent share class changes implemented by the Company. Except as
described herein, the terms and conditions of the Dealer Manager Agreement and the Updated Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement remain materially unchanged.

The foregoing description is only a summary of the material provisions of the Dealer
Manager Agreement and the Updated Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Dealer Manager Agreement and the Updated Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report
on Form 8-K (this Current Report)

and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan

Effective April 11, 2025, the Board amended the Companys share repurchase plan (the Share Repurchase Plan) to reflect the appointment of the New Dealer Manager. The Share Repurchase Plan otherwise remains unchanged.

The foregoing description is only a summary of the material provisions of the Share
Repurchase Plan and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Share Repurchase Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current
Reportand incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan, dated April 11, 2025

10.1 

Dealer Manager Agreement, dated April 11, 2025, by and among the Company, the Adviser and the New Dealer Manager

10.2 

Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement by and between the New Dealer Manager and participating broker-dealers

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 15, 2025 

Fortress Net Lease REIT

By: 

/s/ Avraham Dreyfuss

Name: 

Avraham Dreyfuss

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20047394_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

FORTRESS NET LEASE REIT

Class S, Class D, Class I, Class F-S, Class F-D, Class F-I, Class D-S, and Class E Share Repurchase Plan Effective as of April 11, 2025

Definitions

Adviser FNLR Management LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company.

Class A units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class A.

Class D shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class D.

Class D units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class D.

Class D-S shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class D-S.

Class D-S units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class D-S.

Class E shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class E.

Class E units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class E.

Class F-D shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class F-D.

Class F-D units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class F-D.

Class F-I shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class F-I.

Class F-I units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class F-I.

Class F-S shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class F-S.

Class F-S units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class F-S.

Class I shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class I.

Class I units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class I.

Class S shares shall mean the
Companys common shares classified as Class S.

Class S units shall mean the
units of the Operating Partnership classified as Class S.

Company shall mean Fortress Net
Lease REIT, a Maryland statutory trust.

Dealer Manager shall mean
Fortress Wealth Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

1

NAV shall mean the net asset
value of the Company attributable to its Shareholders or the net asset value of a class of its shares or the net asset value of the Operating Partnership or the net asset value of a class of Operating Partnership units, as the context requires,
determined in accordance with the Companys net asset value calculation policies and procedures and Valuation Guidelines described in the Companys confidential private placement memorandum, as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

Operating Partnership shall mean
FNLR OP LP, a Delaware limited partnership.

Operating Partnership units shall
mean limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership.

Plan shall mean this share
repurchase plan of the Company.

Shareholders shall mean the
holders of Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares, Class D-S shares and Class E shares.

Special Limited Partner shall
mean FNLR SLP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Transaction Price shall mean the
repurchase price per share for each class of common shares, which shall be equal to the then-current offering price before any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees.

Share Repurchase Plan

Shareholders may request that the Company repurchase its common shares through their financial advisor or directly with the Companys transfer agent. The
procedures relating to the repurchase of the Companys common shares are as follows:

Certain broker-dealers require that their clients process repurchases through their broker-dealer, which may impact the time necessary to process such repurchase request, impose more
restrictive deadlines than described under this Plan, impact the timing of a Shareholder receiving repurchase proceeds and require different paperwork or process than described in this Plan. Shareholders should contact their broker-dealer
first if they want to request the repurchase of their shares.

Under this Plan, to the extent the Company chooses to repurchase shares in any particular month, the Company will only repurchase shares as of the opening of the last business day of that
month (a Repurchase Date). Shareholders will not receive any distributions for such shares for the month in which their shares are repurchased. To have
shares repurchased, a Shareholders repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month. Settlements of share repurchases will
generally be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Companys transfer agent will be effected at a repurchase price equal to the Transaction Price on the applicable
Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to the Companys prior months NAV per share), subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction (in the case of any Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares,
Class F-I shares and Class E shares) (as defined below).

2

A Shareholder may withdraw his or her repurchase request by completing a repurchase withdrawal form and sending the form to the transfer agent, directly or through the Shareholders
financial intermediary, or by emailing FNLR@fortress.com. Repurchase requests must be canceled before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month.

If a repurchase request is received after 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month, the repurchase request will be executed, if at all, on the
next months Repurchase Date at the Transaction Price applicable to that month (subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction in the case of any Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I
shares and Class E shares), unless such request is withdrawn prior to the repurchase. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Companys transfer agent on a business day, but after the close of business on that day or on a day that
is not a business day, will be deemed received on the next business day. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of repurchase requests and notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Company, in its sole
discretion, and such determination shall be final and binding.

Repurchase requests may be made by mail or by contacting the Shareholders financial intermediary, both subject to certain conditions described in this Plan. If making a repurchase
request by contacting the Shareholders financial intermediary, the Shareholders financial intermediary may require the Shareholder to provide certain documentation or information. If making a repurchase request by mail to the transfer
agent, the Shareholder must complete and sign a repurchase authorization form, which can be found at the end of this Plan. Written requests should be sent to the transfer agent at the following address:

FNLR@fortress.com

c/o Fortress Investment Group LLC

PO Box 219090

Kansas City, MO 64121-9090

Toll Free Number: 866-966-0155

Corporate investors and other non-individual entities must have an appropriate certification on file authorizing repurchases. A signature guarantee may be
required.

For processed repurchases, repurchase proceeds are to be paid by the instructions on file with the transfer agent. Shareholders should check with their broker-dealer that such payment may
be made via wire transfer, as further described below.

3

A medallion signature guarantee will be required in certain circumstances described below. A medallion signature guarantee may be obtained from a domestic bank or trust company,
broker-dealer, clearing agency, savings association or other financial institution which participates in a medallion program recognized by the Securities Transfer Association. The three recognized medallion programs are the Securities
Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the Stock Exchanges Medallion Program and the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. Medallion Signature Program. Signature guarantees from financial institutions that are not participating in any of these
medallion programs will not be accepted. A notary public cannot provide signature guarantees. The Company reserves the right to amend, waive or discontinue this policy at any time and establish other criteria for verifying the authenticity
of any repurchase or transaction request. The Company may require a medallion signature guarantee if, among other reasons: (1) the amount of the repurchase request is over $500,000; (2) a Shareholder wishes to have repurchase proceeds
transferred by wire to an account other than the designated bank or brokerage account on file for at least 30 days or sent to an address other than such Shareholders address of record for the past 30 days; or (3) the Companys transfer
agent cannot confirm a Shareholders identity or suspects fraudulent activity.

If a Shareholder has made multiple purchases of the Companys common shares, any repurchase request will be processed on a first in/first out basis unless otherwise requested in the
repurchase request.

Minimum Account Repurchases

Notwithstanding any Mandatory Holding Period (as defined below), in the event that any Shareholder fails to maintain the minimum balance of $500 of the
Companys common shares, the Company may repurchase all of the shares held by that Shareholder at the repurchase price in effect on the date the Company determines that such Shareholder has failed to meet the minimum balance, less any Early
Repurchase Deduction (in the case of any Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares and Class E shares). Minimum account repurchases will apply even in the event that the failure to meet the
minimum balance is caused solely by a decline in the Companys NAV. Minimum account repurchases are subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction.

Sources of Funds for Repurchases

The Company may fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, borrowings, offering proceeds
(including from sales of the Companys common shares or Operating Partnership units to the Special Limited Partner), the sale of the Companys assets and repayments of the Companys real estate debt investments, and the Company has no limits on the
amounts it may fund from such sources.

In an effort to have adequate cash available to support the Plan and to fund investments, the Company may reserve borrowing capacity under a line of credit.
The Company could then elect to borrow against this line of credit in part to repurchase shares presented for repurchase during periods when the Company does not have sufficient proceeds from operating cash flows or the sale of shares in its
continuous offering to fund all repurchase requests.

4

Repurchase Limitations

The Company may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under this Plan, or none at all, in its discretion
at any time. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares, Class D-S shares and Class E shares (including repurchases at certain non-U.S.
investor access funds primarily created to hold the Companys common shares but excluding any Early Repurchase Deduction applicable to the repurchased shares) under this Plan and redemptions of Class S units, Class D units, Class I units, Class F-S
units, Class F-D units, Class F-I units, Class D-S units, Class E units and Class A units of the Companys Operating Partnership will be limited to no more than 2% of the Companys aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV
attributable to Shareholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than 5% of the Companys aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to Shareholders as of the end of the
immediately preceding three months).

All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of this Plan, as applicable.

Should repurchase requests, in the Companys judgment, place an undue burden on the Companys liquidity, adversely affect the Companys operations or risk
having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing its liquid assets in real properties or other investments rather than repurchasing the Companys shares is in the best interests of the
Company as a whole, the Company may choose to repurchase fewer shares in any particular month than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Companys board of trustees may make exceptions to, modify or suspend this Plan
if, in its reasonable judgment, it deems such action to be in the best interest of the Company and its Shareholders. Material modifications, including any amendment to the 2% monthly or 5% quarterly limitations on repurchases, to and suspensions of
the Plan will be promptly disclosed to Shareholders financial advisors. In addition, the Company may determine to suspend this Plan due to regulatory changes, changes in law or if the Company becomes aware of undisclosed material information that
it believes should be publicly disclosed before shares are repurchased. Once this Plan is suspended, the Companys board of trustees will be required to consider at least quarterly whether the continued suspension of this Plan is in the best
interests of the Company and its Shareholders. The Companys board of trustees must affirmatively authorize the recommencement of this Plan before Shareholder requests will be considered again. The Companys board of trustees cannot terminate this
Plan absent a liquidity event which results in Shareholders receiving cash or securities listed on a national securities exchange or where otherwise required by law.

Shares or Operating Partnership units held by the Adviser acquired as payment of the Advisers management fee or as reimbursements of expenses or held by the
Special Limited Partner for its performance participation interest will not be subject to the limits of this Plan, any Early Repurchase Deduction, any Mandatory Holding Period or the calculation of NAV. Shareholders who are exchanging a class of
the Companys shares for an equivalent aggregate NAV of another class of the Companys shares will not be subject to, and will not be treated as repurchases for the calculation of, the 2% monthly or 5% quarterly limitations on repurchases and will
not be subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction or any Mandatory Holding Period in respect of any such exchange.

5

Mandatory Holding Period (Class D-S Shares)

Class D-S shares may only be repurchased by the Company to the extent they have been outstanding for at least two years (the Mandatory Holding Period). The Mandatory Holding Period is measured as of the first calendar day immediately following the prospective Repurchase Date. Additionally, any Shareholder who
has received Class D-S shares in exchange for its Operating Partnership units may include the period of time such Shareholder held such Operating Partnership units for purposes of calculating the holding period for such shares. The Mandatory
Holding Period will not apply to Class D-S shares acquired through the Companys distribution reinvestment plan.

The Company may, from time to time, waive the Mandatory Holding Period in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described below):

Repurchases resulting from death or qualifying disability; or

In the event that a Shareholders Class D-S shares are repurchased because the Shareholder has failed to maintain the $500 minimum account balance.

As set forth above, the Company may waive the Mandatory Holding Period in respect of repurchase of Class D-S shares resulting from the death or qualifying
disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) of a Shareholder who is a natural person,
including such shares held by such Shareholder through a trust or an individual retirement account (IRA) or other retirement or profit-sharing plan, after (i) in the case of death, receiving written notice from the estate of the Shareholder, the
recipient of such shares through bequest or inheritance, or, in the case of a trust, the trustee of such trust, who shall have the sole ability to request repurchase on behalf of the trust or (ii) in the case of qualified disability, receiving
written notice from such shareholder along with a physicians certification of disability as defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code; provided that the condition causing the qualifying disability was not pre-existing on the date that the
Shareholder became a Shareholder. The Company must receive the written repurchase request within 12 months after the death of the Shareholder or the initial determination of the Shareholders disability in order for the requesting party to rely on
any of the special treatment described above that may be afforded in the event of the death or disability of a Shareholder. In the case of death, such a written request must be accompanied by a certified copy of the official death certificate of
the Shareholder. If spouses are joint registered holders of any Class D-S shares, the request to have such shares repurchased may be made if either of the registered holders dies or acquires a qualified disability. If the Shareholder is not a
natural person, such as certain trusts or a partnership, corporation or other similar entity, the right to waiver of the Mandatory Holding Period upon death or disability does not apply.

In addition, Class D-S shares may be sold to certain feeder vehicles primarily created to hold such shares that in turn offer interests in such feeder
vehicles to non-U.S. persons. For such feeder vehicles and similar arrangements in certain markets, the Company may agree not to apply the Mandatory Holding Period to the feeder vehicles or underlying investors, often because of administrative or
systems limitations. Further, the Company will not apply the Mandatory Holding Period on repurchases of any Class D-S shares submitted by discretionary model portfolio management programs (and similar arrangements) as approved by the Company.

6

Early Repurchase Deduction

For Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares and Class E shares, there is no minimum holding
period and Shareholders holding any such shares can request that the Company repurchase such shares at any time. However, subject to limited exceptions, Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I
shares and Class E shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98% of the Transaction Price (an Early Repurchase Deduction)
on the applicable Repurchase Date. The one-year holding period is measured as of the first calendar day immediately following the prospective Repurchase Date. Additionally, any Shareholder who has received Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I
shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares or Class E shares in exchange for its Operating Partnership units may include the period of time such Shareholder held such Operating Partnership units for purposes of calculating the
holding period for such shares of the Company, as applicable. This Early Repurchase Deduction will also generally apply to minimum account repurchases. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to (i) Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I
shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares and Class E shares acquired through the Companys distribution reinvestment plan and (ii) Class D-S shares.

The Company may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described below):

Repurchases resulting from death or qualifying disability; or

In the event that a Shareholders Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares and/or Class E shares are repurchased because such
Shareholder has failed to maintain the $500 minimum account balance.

As set forth above, the Company may waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in respect of repurchases of Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class
F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares and Class E shares resulting from the death or qualifying disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code) of a Shareholder who is a natural person, including such shares held by
such Shareholder through a trust or an individual retirement account (IRA) or other retirement or profit- sharing plan, after (i) in the case of death, receiving written notice from the estate of the Shareholder, the recipient of such shares
through bequest or inheritance, or, in the case of a trust, the trustee of such trust, who shall have the sole ability to request repurchase on behalf of the trust or (ii) in the case of qualified disability, receiving written notice from such
Shareholder along with a physicians certification of disability as defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code; provided that the condition causing the qualifying
disability was not pre-existing on the date that the Shareholder became a Shareholder. The Company must receive the written repurchase request within 12 months after the death of the Shareholder or the initial determination of the Shareholders
disability in order for the requesting party to rely on any of the special treatment described above that may be afforded in the event of the death or disability of a Shareholder. In the case of death, such a written request must be accompanied by
a certified copy of the official death certificate of the Shareholder. If spouses are joint registered holders of any Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares and Class E shares, the
request to have such shares repurchased may be made if either of the registered holders dies or acquires a qualified disability. If the Shareholder is not a natural person, such as certain trusts or a partnership, corporation or other similar
entity, the right to waiver of the Early Repurchase Deduction upon death or disability does not apply.

7

In addition, Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares and Class E shares may be sold to certain
feeder vehicles primarily created to hold the Companys shares that in turn offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non-U.S. persons. For such feeder vehicles and similar arrangements in certain markets, the Company may agree not to apply the
Early Repurchase Deduction to the feeder vehicles or underlying investors, often because of administrative or systems limitations. Further, the Company will not apply the Early Repurchase Deduction on repurchases of any Class S shares, Class D
shares, Class I shares, Class F-S shares, Class F-D shares, Class F-I shares or Class E shares submitted by discretionary model portfolio management programs (and similar arrangements) as approved by the Company.

In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the
end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or
upon the recommencement of the Plan, as applicable.

The Company may fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of or repayment under its
assets, borrowings or offering proceeds, and the Company has no limits on the amounts it may pay from such sources. Should repurchase requests, in the Companys judgment, place an undue burden on the Companys liquidity, adversely affect the
Companys operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing its liquid assets in real estate or other investments rather than repurchasing its shares is in the best
interests of the Company as a whole, then the Company may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Companys board of trustees may make exceptions to, modify or suspend the Plan if
it deems in its reasonable judgment such action to be in best interest of the Company and its Shareholders.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any shares and/or Operating Partnership units held by the Adviser acquired as payment of the Advisers management fee or held
by the Special Limited Partner for its performance participation interest will not be subject to the limits of the Plan, including the Early Repurchase Deduction. Shareholders who are exchanging any class of shares for an equivalent aggregate NAV
of another class of shares will not be subject to, and such exchanges will not be treated as repurchases for the calculation of, the 2% monthly or 5% quarterly limitations on repurchases and will not be subject to the Early Repurchase Deduction.

Key Person Event

In the event that both of Joshua Pack and Ahsan Aijaz are no longer actively involved in the affairs of the Company, a key person event will be deemed to
have occurred (a Key Person Event) and the Companys shareholders will be notified within 10 business days of the occurrence of such Key Person Event. Upon the
occurrence of a Key Person Event, the Company will waive any applicable Early Repurchase Deduction for repurchase requests with respect to shares that are outstanding at the time of the Key Person Event.

8

Items of Note

If a Shareholder requests that some but not all of his or her shares be repurchased, such Shareholder should keep his or her balance above $500 to avoid minimum account repurchase, if
applicable;

Shareholders will not receive interest on amounts represented by uncashed repurchase checks;

Under applicable anti-money laundering regulations and other federal regulations, repurchase requests may be suspended, restricted or canceled and the proceeds may be withheld; and

All common shares of the Company requested to be repurchased must be beneficially owned by the Shareholder of record making the request or his or her estate, heir or beneficiary, or the
party requesting the repurchase must be authorized to do so by the Shareholder of record of the shares or his or her estate, heir or beneficiary, and such common shares must be fully transferable and not subject to any liens or
encumbrances. In certain cases, the Company may ask the requesting party to provide evidence satisfactory to the Company that the shares requested for repurchase are not subject to any liens or encumbrances. If the Company determines that a
lien exists against the shares, the Company will not be obligated to repurchase any shares subject to the lien.

Frequent Trading and Other Policies

The Company may reject for any reason, or cancel as permitted or required by law, any purchase orders for its common shares. For example, the Company may
reject any purchase orders from market timers or investors that, inthe Companys opinion, may be disruptive to its operations. Frequent purchases and sales of the
Companys shares can harm Shareholders in. various ways, including reducing the returns to long-term Shareholders by increasing the Companys costs, disrupting portfolio management strategies and diluting the value of the shares of
long-term Shareholders.

In general, Shareholders may request that the Company repurchase their shares once every 30 days. However, the Company prohibits frequent trading. The
Company defines frequent trading as follows:

Any Shareholder who requests that the Company repurchase common shares within 30 calendar days of the purchase of such common shares;

Transactions deemed harmful or excessive by the Company (including, but not limited to, patterns of purchases and repurchases), in the Companys sole discretion; and

9

Transactions initiated by financial advisors, among multiple Shareholder accounts, that in the aggregate are deemed harmful or excessive.

The following are excluded when determining whether transactions are excessive:

Purchases and requests for repurchase of the Companys shares in the amount of $2,500 or less;

Purchases or repurchases initiated by the Company; and

Transactions subject to the trading policy of an intermediary that the Company deems materially similar to the Companys policy.

At the Dealer Managers discretion, upon the first violation of the policy in a calendar year, purchase and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 90
days. Upon a second violation in a calendar year, purchase and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 180 days. On the next business day following the end of the 90 or 180-day suspension, any transaction restrictions placed on a Shareholder may
be removed.

Mail and Telephone Instructions

The Company and its transfer agent will not be responsible for the authenticity of mail or phone instructions or losses, if any, resulting from unauthorized
Shareholder transactions if they reasonably believe that such instructions were genuine. The Companys transfer agent has established reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions are genuine including requiring the Shareholder to provide
certain specific identifying information on file and sending written confirmation to Shareholders of record. Shareholders, or their designated custodian or fiduciary, should carefully review such correspondence to ensure that the instructions were
properly acted upon. If any discrepancies are noted, the Shareholder, or its agent, should contact his, her or its financial advisor as well as the Companys transfer agent in a timely manner, but in no event more than 60 days from receipt of such
correspondence. Failure to notify such entities in a timely manner will relieve the Company, the Companys transfer agent and the financial advisor of any liability with respect to the discrepancy.

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20047394_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT

April 11, 2025

Fortress Wealth Solutions LLC,

as Dealer Manager

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor

New York, NY 10105

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This Dealer Manager Agreement (this Agreement) is hereby entered into as of April 11,
2025, by and among Fortress Net Lease REIT, a Maryland statutory trust (the Company), FNLR Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of FIG LLC (Fortress) (the Adviser), and Fortress Wealth Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Fortress, as
the managing dealer (the Dealer Manager). This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety that certain Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement (the Prior Dealer Manager Agreement), dated as of November 15, 2024, by and among the Company, the Adviser, and Independent Brokerage Solutions LLC, a New York limited liability company (the Prior Dealer Manager), which in turn amended, restated and replaced in its entirety that certain Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2023, by and among
the Company, the Adviser, and the Prior Dealer Manager, which in turn amended, restated and replaced in its entirety that certain Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2023, by and among the Company, the Adviser and the Prior Dealer Manager.
The Prior Dealer Manager Agreement was assigned by the Prior Dealer Manager to the Dealer Manager effective as of April 11, 2025.

The Company and the Adviser are engaging in one or more continuous private offerings (collectively, the Offering) of an unlimited amount of the Companys common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per share (common shares), that will be issued and sold
at the offering prices per Share (as defined below) as described in the Companys private placement memorandum (as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Memorandum),

which will consist of (i) a primary offering of an unlimited amount in any combination of Class S common shares, Class D common shares and Class I common shares (not including any Class E common shares or units of FNLR OP LP, a Delaware limited
partnership, purchased by Fortress or employees, officers or directors of Fortress or its affiliates (including eligible family members)), (ii) up to an aggregate of $300,000,000 in additional proceeds in any combination of Class F-S common shares
and Class F-I common shares issued pursuant to a sales program the Company has put in place with a certain Participating Broker Dealer (as defined below), and (iii) the shares issued pursuant to the Companys distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP Shares), to U.S. persons who are accredited investors as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Shares will be distributed on a best efforts basis, in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, through the Dealer Manager, as the managing dealer, and the broker-dealers participating in the Offering (collectively, Participating
Broker-Dealers, and each, individually, a Participating Broker-Dealer). The Shares are to be offered and sold to investors as described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum. For shareholders who participate in the Companys distribution reinvestment plan, the cash distributions paid on the Shares of each class
that each shareholder owns will be automatically invested in additional Shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to shareholders of the Company at the transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that
the distribution is payable, without any applicable selling commissions or dealer manager fees.

The terms of the Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class I common shares, Class F-S common shares, Class F-D common shares, Class F-I
common shares and Class D-S common shares, including the eligibility requirements for each class, are described in detail in the Memorandum. The Company may also, from time to time, offer to suitable investors common shares of different classes (Future Offered Shares). For purposes of this Agreement, unless stated otherwise, any references herein to the (i) Shares shall
include Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class I common shares, Class F-S common shares, Class F-D common shares, Class F-I common shares, Class D-S common shares, Class E common shares and any Future Offered Shares and (ii) Memorandum shall include any private placement memorandum used in connection with any offers and sales of the Future Offered Shares, including any amendment or supplement to the Memorandum
used for the offer and sale of the Shares initially being offered by the Company (a Future Memorandum).

Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum, as such Memorandum may be amended, supplemented or
restated from time to time.

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Adviser hereby agree with the Dealer Manager as follows:

1. 

Representations and Warranties of the Company and the Adviser. The Company, and, solely for purposes of Section 1(l), the Adviser, hereby represent and warrant to the Dealer Manager and each Participating Broker-Dealer with whom
the Dealer Manager enters into a participating broker-dealer agreement (each, a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement), in such form to be agreed between the Company and the
Dealer Manager, that, as of the date of this Agreement and at all times during the Offering Period (as defined below) (provided that, to the extent such
representations and warranties are given only as of a specified date or dates, the Company and, solely for purposes of Section 1(l), the Adviser only make such representations
and warranties as of such specified date or dates):

(a) 

The Company has prepared the Memorandum and all other information required for the sale of the Shares in accordance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act,
and all applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act Regulations).

2

(b) 

The Memorandum and any amendments or supplements thereto will, as of each closing date for the Offering of the applicable class of Shares (each, a Closing),

comply in all material respects with any applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations; the Memorandum does not, and any amendments or supplements thereto will not, as of the applicable Closing, contain
any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statement contained in the Memorandum, or
any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Dealer Manager or any Participating Broker-Dealers expressly for use in the Memorandum, or any
amendments or supplements thereto.

(c) 

The Company has been duly and validly organized and formed as a statutory trust under the laws of the state of Maryland, with full power and authority to conduct its business as described in the
Memorandum.

(d) 

As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that
the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 may be limited under applicable securities laws.

(e) 

Unless otherwise described in the Memorandum, as such Memorandum may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened against the Company, or any judgment in effect at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency, or other governmental body, domestic or foreign, that
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder.

(f) 

The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Company will not conflict with or
constitute a default under: (i) the Companys declaration of trust (as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Declaration of Trust) or bylaws, (ii) any
indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or lease to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any of its properties is bound, (iii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, or (iv) any writ, injunction or decree of
any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, except in the cases of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such conflicts or defaults that, individually or in the aggregate,
would not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations hereunder.

3

(g) 

Except as have been obtained or waived, no material consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the
Company of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares, except for (i) any necessary qualification or registration under the securities or blue sky laws of the jurisdictions in which the Shares will be offered by
the Dealer Manager and the Participating Broker-Dealers, or the establishment of preemption or an exemption from such qualification or registration requirements, and (ii) any filing and approval required pursuant to the rules of the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) contained in its rulebook (the FINRA Rules).

(h) 

At the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Shares will have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold as contemplated by the Memorandum and the Declaration of Trust, and upon payment
therefor as provided by the Memorandum and this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the description thereof contained in the Memorandum.

(i) 

The Company does not intend to conduct its business so as to be considered an investment company (as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder)
required to register as such under the Investment Company Act, and it will exercise reasonable diligence to ensure that it does not become an investment company required to register as such under the Investment Company Act.

(j) 

Any and all printed sales literature or other materials in connection with the Offering that are prepared by the Company and/or the Dealer Manager, and that have been approved in advance, in
writing, by the Company specifically for use with potential investors in connection with the Offering (and such approval has not been subsequently withdrawn pursuant to Section 14)
(collectively, Authorized Sales Materials), when used in conjunction with the Memorandum, did not at the time provided for use, and, as to later provided materials, will not at
the time provided for use, include any untrue statement of a material fact, nor did they at the time provided for use, or, as to later provided materials, will they at the time provided for use, omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when read in conjunction with the Memorandum, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any statement contained in any Authorized Sales Materials made in reliance upon, and in
conformity with, information furnished in writing to the Company by the Dealer Manager or any Participating Broker-Dealers expressly for use in any Authorized Sales Materials.

(k) 

To the Companys knowledge, none of the Company, the Adviser, or any of their respective affiliates, officers or directors has, within the six (6) calendar months preceding May
1, 2023, sold or offered for sale any securities that may be integrated with the Offering within the meaning of Rule 502(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, other than sales of securities to accredited investors
that would not prevent the Offering from qualifying for the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

4

(l) 

The Company and the Adviser are not subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and will not be
disqualified from relying on the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act with regard to the offer and sale of the Shares by the occurrence or issuance of
any conviction, order, judgment, decree, suspension, injunction, expulsion or bar described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Company

Disqualifying Event), except for a Company Disqualifying Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (3) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure
obligations under Rule 506(e) under the Securities Act, and has furnished to the Dealer Manager and any Participating Broker-Dealers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. The Company will notify the Dealer Manager and Participating
Broker-Dealers of the occurrence or issuance of any Company Disqualifying Event of which the Company becomes aware.

2. 

Representations and Warranties of the Dealer Manager. The
Dealer Manager hereby represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date of this Agreement and at all times during the Offering Period (provided that, to the
extent such representations and warranties of the Dealer Manager are given only as of a specified date or dates, the Dealer Manager only makes such representations and warranties as of such specified date or dates), as follows:

(a) 

The Dealer Manager is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with, as of the date of this Agreement, all requisite
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b) 

As of the date of this Agreement, the Dealer Manager has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent
that the enforceability of the indemnity and/or contribution provisions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws.

(c) 

There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Dealer Manager, threatened against the Dealer Manager, or any judgment in effect at law or in equity or before or by
any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental body, domestic or foreign, that would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the ability of the Dealer Manager to perform its obligations hereunder.

5

(d) 

The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Dealer Manager will not conflict with
or constitute a default under (i) the Dealer Managers certificate of formation or operating agreement, (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or lease to which the Dealer Manager or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the
Dealer Manager or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties is bound, or (iii) any rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over
the Dealer Manager, except in the cases of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), for such conflicts or defaults that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the ability of the
Dealer Manager to perform its obligations hereunder.

(e) 

No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the Dealer Manager of this Agreement.

(f) 

The Dealer Manager is, and during the term of this Agreement will be (i) duly registered as a broker-dealer pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), (ii) a member in good standing of FINRA and (iii) a broker-dealer duly registered as such in those states where the Dealer Manager is required to be registered in order
to carry out the Offering as contemplated by this Agreement and the Memorandum. Each of the Dealer Managers employees and representatives has all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement and to carry out the Offering
as contemplated thereby. There is no provision in the Dealer Managers FINRA membership agreement that would restrict the ability of the Dealer Manager to carry out the Offering as contemplated by this Agreement and the Memorandum.

(g) 

The information regarding the Offering in the Memorandum and all other information furnished to the Company by the Dealer Manager in writing expressly for use in the Memorandum, or any amendment or
supplement thereto, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(h) 

The Dealer Manager has established and implemented anti-money laundering compliance programs (collectively, the AML Program) in
accordance with applicable U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, applicable FINRA Rules, SEC rules and regulations, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT Act) of 2001, as amended (the USAPATRIOT Act), and Section 352 of
the International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001 (collectively, the AML Laws), and that such AML Program is reasonably expected to detect and
cause the reporting of suspicious transactions in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares. In addition, the Dealer Manager has established and implemented a
program for compliance with U.S. sanctions laws and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) or any other U.S. governmental entity (such sanctions, regulations and
laws, together with any supplements or amendments thereto, the U.S. Sanctions Laws) (the Sanctions Program) and will continue to maintain the Sanctions Program during the term of this Agreement. Upon request by the
Company at any time, Dealer Manager hereby agrees to furnish (i) a written copy of its AML Program and Sanctions Program to the Company for review and (ii) a copy of the findings of, and any remedial actions taken in connection with the
Advisers most recent independent testing of its AML Program and/or its Sanctions Program.

6

(i) 

The Dealer Manager is currently in compliance with all AML Laws and U.S. Sanctions Laws, including, but not limited to, the Customer Identification Program requirements under Section 326 of the USA
PATRIOT Act (the CIP Requirements), and the Dealer Manager hereby agrees, upon request of the Company, to (A) provide an annual certification to the Company that, for the
duration and as of the date of such certification, (i) its AML Program and Sanctions Program were and are consistent with the AML Laws and U.S. Sanctions Laws, (ii) it has implemented and continues to implement its AML Program and Sanctions
Program and (iii) it was and is in compliance with all AML Laws and U.S. Sanctions Laws and all related requirements, including, but not limited to, the CIP Requirements; and (B) perform and carry out, on behalf of the Company, the CIP
Requirements and any applicable customer identification requirements under Commission and U.S. Department of the Treasury regulations, rules, or guidance. The Dealer Manager represents, warrants, and covenants that it will immediately
notify the Company in writing of any known or suspected violations of the AML Laws, U.S. Sanctions Laws, the AML Program, or the Sanctions Program (i) made or caused in relation to any Offering made pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) that
could be expected to cause the Company to violate AML Laws or U.S. Sanctions Laws. The Company may, in its reasonable discretion, deem such an event a Dealer Manager Disqualifying Event (as defined below) pursuant to Section 2.

(j) 

The Dealer Manager has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Dealer Manager, its subsidiaries and their respective officers,
directors, employees and agents with (i) all applicable economic sanctions or trade embargoes (Sanctions), including, but not limited to, those administered by the OFAC and the
U.S. Department of State, and (ii) applicable anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws and regulations (Anti-Corruption Laws), including, but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA). The Dealer Manager is not subject to, or the target of, any Sanctions and is in compliance with Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(k) 

None of the Dealer Manager or, to the knowledge of the Dealer Manager, any director, officer, employee or affiliate of the Dealer Manager is aware of or has taken any action, directly or
indirectly, that would result in a violation by such person of the FCPA.

7

(l) 

The Dealer Manager represents, warrants and agrees, and shall cause Participating Broker-Dealers to represent, warrant and agree, that (i) it is not subject to any of the Bad Actor
disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and (ii) no conviction, order, judgment, decree, suspension, injunction, expulsion or bar described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to
(viii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act has occurred or been issued where the subject of such action is the Dealer Manager, the Dealer Managers managing member, a Participating Broker-Dealer, a Participating
Broker-Dealers managing member or general partner, or, to its reasonable knowledge, any (A) director, (B) executive officer, or (C) any other officer participating in the Offering of the Dealer Manager or the Dealer Managers managing
member, or a Participating Broker-Dealer or a Participating Broker-Dealers managing member or general partner, that would make the offer and sale of the Shares ineligible for the exemption from registration under the Securities Act
provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Dealer Manager Disqualifying Event). For purposes of this Agreement, the terms executive
officer and officer have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Rules 501 and 405 promulgated under the Securities Act, respectively. The Dealer Manager will notify the Company promptly of the occurrence or issuance of any Dealer Manager
Disqualifying Event of which the Dealer Manager becomes aware before the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Set forth on Exhibit A hereto is a description of each
circumstance that would have been a Dealer Manager Disqualifying Event but for the fact that it occurred before September 23, 2013 (each, a Dealer Manager Prior Disqualifying Event).

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Dealer Manager, a Participating Broker-Dealer or any of their respective covered persons (as such term is described in Regulation D of the Securities Act) becomes subject
to a Dealer Manager Disqualifying Event before the final sale of the Shares such that it would preclude the Offering of Shares contemplated by this Agreement from relying on Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act, (x) this
Agreement shall terminate automatically and immediately upon such occurrence of the Dealer Manager Disqualifying Event, unless such termination is waived by the Company or the Adviser in writing, and (y) in the event that this Agreement is
terminated because of a Dealer Manager Disqualifying Event, then the Companys or the Advisers obligation to pay any unpaid portion of any fee (whether accrued or otherwise) contemplated under this Agreement will be reduced or eliminated
if (and only to the extent that) such payment would preclude the Company from relying on the private placement safe harbor provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(m) 

In accordance with Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the Dealer Manager shall, or shall cause each Participating Broker-Dealer to, furnish to each purchaser of
Shares in the Offering, at a reasonable time before sale, a description in writing of all Dealer Manager Prior Disqualifying Events, which may be included in the Memorandum or any Authorized Sales Materials or subscription documents
furnished to such purchaser. The Dealer Manager shall be entitled to approve any description of Dealer Manager Prior Disqualifying Events in advance of use by the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).

8

(n) 

The Dealer Manager has not made and, as of the time of any Offering, shall not have made, any contribution to any official of a government entity (as such terms are defined in Rule 206(4)-5
promulgated under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended) that the Dealer Manager intends to solicit in connection with its engagement hereunder.

(o) 

The Dealer Manager will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that, as it is deemed to be providing any endorsement (as defined in Rule 206(4)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as
amended (the SEC Marketing Rule)) (each a Covered Endorsement), it or its representatives complies with the
disclosure requirements set out in the SEC Marketing Rule, including that each Covered Endorsement includes disclosure as set out under Rule 206(4)-1(b)(1) of the SEC Marketing Rule in substantially the same form as provided on Exhibit C hereto.

3. 

Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby covenants and
agrees with the Dealer Manager that:

(a) 

The Company shall, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, furnish the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealers designated by the Dealer Manager with electronic copies of (i) the Memorandum,
including all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto, (ii) this Agreement and (iii) any Authorized Sales Materials, in each case, as the Dealer Manager or such Participating Broker-Dealers may reasonably request in connection with the
Offering.

(b) 

In addition to and apart from the Memorandum, the Company intends to use Authorized Sales Materials. In the event that the Company uses printed materials in connection with the Offering that have
been prepared by the Company or the Dealer Manager and are intended for broker-dealer use only or advisor use only, the Dealer Manager shall use such materials in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 5(c).

(c) 

The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) (A) qualify or register the Shares for the offer and sale under or (B) establish an exemption or Federal preemption for the offer and
sale of the Shares from qualification or registration under, the applicable state securities or blue sky laws of each jurisdiction in which the Company offers and sells the Shares or the applicable laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction
designated as Exhibit B hereto (collectively, the Offering Jurisdictions) and (ii) maintain such qualifications,
registrations, exemptions or preemption in effect throughout the Offering.

9

(d) 

If, at any time during the Offering when the Memorandum is in use, any event occurs as a result of which, in the determination of the Company, the Memorandum would include any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager thereof (unless the Company
was informed of such untrue statement or omission by the Dealer Manager) and the Dealer Manager and the Participating Broker-Dealers shall immediately suspend the offer and sale of the Shares in accordance with Section 5(c) until such time as the Company, in its sole discretion, (i) instructs the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealers to resume the offer and sale of the Shares and (ii) has prepared such
amendments or supplements to the Memorandum as shall be necessary to correct such untrue statement or omission.

(e) 

If, at any time during the Offering, any event occurs that is known to the Company and as a result which any Authorized Sales Materials, when used in conjunction with the Memorandum, would include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Dealer Manager
thereof (unless the Company was informed of such untrue statement or omission by the Dealer Manager).

(f) 

The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) timely file any Form D or amendment thereto with respect to sales of the Shares required by Rule 503 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and (ii) unless an exemption is available, timely file any required forms or amendments thereto with the Offering Jurisdictions in which the Shares
have been sold; provided that the Dealer Manager shall have provided
the Company with any information required for such filings that is in the Dealer Managers possession.

(g) 

The Company will engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Shares.

(h) 

During the term of this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months thereafter, neither the Company nor any of its respective affiliates, officers or trustees shall sell or offer for sale any
securities, except for, and to the extent that, any such offers and sales shall not jeopardize the availability of the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act with respect to the offer and sale of the Shares.

4. 

Payment of Fees and Expenses.

10

(a) 

Fortress shall pay the Dealer Manager on a monthly basis for its services in an amount equal to the expenses incurred by it in the prior month plus 1%, as specified in that certain Expense Sharing
Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2023, by and between Fortress and the Dealer Manager (as such agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented, the Expense Sharing Agreement).

No compensation (other than as specified in the Expense Sharing Agreement and payable by Fortress to the Dealer Manager) will be paid other than any Servicing Fees (as defined below) that become earned, due, and payable by the Company in
accordance with Section 5.

(b) 

The Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses incident to the Offering, other than those described in Section 4(c) (including legal,
accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees and expenses, due diligence expenses of the Dealer Manager and any Participating Broker-Dealers supported by itemized invoices, costs in connection with the preparation of Authorized Sales
Materials, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of the transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by the Dealer Manager and any Participating Broker-Dealers and reimbursements for customary travel, lodging, and
meals).

(c) 

The Dealer Manager shall pay its own costs and expenses incident to the performance of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, paying all required state and federal taxes due and owing as a
result of the payment of any Administrative Fee to the Dealer Manager.

5. 

Obligations and Compensation of Dealer Manager.

(a) 

The Company hereby confirms its appointment of the Dealer Manager as its non-exclusive agent and distributor during the period commencing with the date of this Agreement and ending on the date (the
Termination Date) that the Company notifies the Dealer Manager that the Offering has been terminated (the Offering Period)

to solicit, and to cause Participating Broker-Dealers to solicit, from accredited investors with whom they have substantive, pre-existing relationships, subscriptions for the Shares at the subscription prices to be paid in accordance
with, and otherwise upon the other terms and conditions set forth in, the Memorandum and the applicable subscription documentation (including the related private placement questionnaire) for the applicable class of Shares (each, a Subscription Agreement), and the Dealer Manager agrees to use its best efforts to procure subscribers for the Shares during the Offering Period. The Shares offered and sold through
the Dealer Manager under this Agreement shall be offered and sold only by (A) the Dealer Manager and (B) any Participating Broker-Dealers that the Dealer Manager may retain, each of which shall be registered as a broker dealer with the SEC,
a member of FINRA in good standing and duly licensed by the appropriate regulatory agency of each jurisdiction in which they will conduct offers and sales of the Shares, or with broker dealers exempt from all such registration requirements,
pursuant to an executed Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement with such Participating Broker-Dealer. The Dealer Manager shall only retain Participating Broker-Dealers who have been previously approved by the Company. The Dealer Manager
hereby confirms its acceptance of such agency and distributorship and agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares on the terms and conditions set forth in the Memorandum with the respect to the Offering and any additional terms and
conditions set forth herein, as it may be amended from time to time.

11

(b) 

With respect to the Dealer Managers participation and the participation by each Participating Broker-Dealer in the offer and sale of the Shares (including, without limitation, any permitted
resales and transfers of Shares), the Dealer Manager agrees, and, by virtue of entering into a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement, each Participating Broker-Dealer shall have agreed, to comply, and shall comply, with all the applicable
requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the SEC Marketing Rule and the FINRA Rules, as each may be amended from time to time, and any other applicable foreign, state or local securities or other laws or rules of FINRA or
any other applicable self-regulatory organization in offer and sale of the Shares. The Dealer Manager agrees, and each Participating Broker-Dealer shall have agreed, to comply, and shall comply, with any applicable requirements with respect
to its participation in any permitted resales or transfers of the Shares. In addition, the Dealer Manager agrees, and each Participating Broker-Dealer shall have agreed,
that should it assist with the permitted resale or transfer of the Shares, it shall fully comply with all applicable FINRA Rules, SEC rules and any other applicable federal or state laws.

(c) 

The Dealer Manager shall cause the Shares to be offered and sold only in the Offering Jurisdictions and in such additional jurisdictions that may be added thereto in which the offer and sale of the
Shares has been authorized by the Company and under any applicable state securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions (or foreign equivalents). No Shares shall be offered or sold for the account of the Company in any other
jurisdiction. The Dealer Manager shall use and distribute in conjunction with the offer and sale of the Shares only the Memorandum and the Authorized Sales Materials. The Dealer Manager represents and warrants to the Company that it will
not use any sales literature not authorized and approved by the Company (and not subsequently withdrawn pursuant to Section 14) or use any broker-dealer use only or advisor use
only materials with prospective accredited investors in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares. The Dealer Manager agrees, and will cause the Participating Broker-Dealers to each agree, to suspend or terminate the offer and sale
of the Shares upon request of the Company at any time and to resume the offer and sale of the Shares upon any subsequent request of the Company.

(d) 

The Dealer Manager shall make any filings required by the FINRA Rules on behalf of itself and all other FINRA members participating in any capacity in the Offering and shall have received all
required FINRA and other regulatory approvals.

(e) 

Except as may be provided in the Memorandum, which may be amended and supplemented from time to time, and subject to the limitations set forth in Schedule

I, the Company will pay to the Dealer Manager an ongoing servicing fee (the Servicing Fee) with respect to any applicable class of Shares (including any Future
Offered Shares, if any) as described on Schedule I to this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time by mutual written agreement of the parties.

12

(f) 

The terms of any reallowance of the Servicing Fee shall be set forth in the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement (as defined in Schedule I) entered into with the Participating Broker-Dealers or Servicing Dealers (as defined in Schedule I), as applicable. The Company will not be
liable or responsible to any Participating Broker-Dealer or Servicing Dealer for direct payment of the Servicing Fee to such Participating Broker-Dealer or Servicing Dealer; payment of the Servicing Fee to Participating Broker-Dealers and
Servicing Dealers shall be the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Dealer Manager. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company, in its sole discretion, either directly or through DST Systems, Inc. or such other agent appointed by it,
may act as agent of the Dealer Manager by making direct payment of the Servicing Fee to Participating Broker-Dealers and Servicing Dealers without incurring any liability therefor.

(g) 

The Dealer Manager shall not, and shall cause each Participating Broker-Dealer not to, use any form of written communication, other than the Memorandum, any Authorized Sales Materials and any other
written documentation relating to the Offering previously approved by the Company, in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares without the prior written consent of the Company.

(h) 

The Dealer Manager (i) shall not, and shall cause each Participating Broker-Dealer to represent that it shall not, solicit offers to buy, or offer or sell, the Shares by any form of general
solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act), or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and (ii) shall,
and shall cause each Participating Broker-Dealer to represent that it shall, solicit offers for Shares only from, and offer Shares only to, persons that it reasonably believes are accredited investors, as that term is defined in Rule
501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, based on a substantive, pre-existing relationship between the Dealer Manager or Participating Broker-Dealer, on the one hand, and the prospective purchaser, on the other hand.
With respect to any sales of Shares made through a Participating Broker-Dealer, the Dealer Manager shall be entitled to rely on such Participating Broker-Dealers substantive, pre-existing relationship with the prospective investor.

13

(i) 

The Dealer Manager acknowledges, and shall cause each Participating Broker-Dealer to acknowledge, that the submission of an order for Shares or a request for the Company (or in the case of a
Participating Broker-Dealer, the Company or the Dealer Manager) to provide a memorandum or Authorized Sales Materials shall constitute a representation and warranty that each of the representations and warranties of the Dealer Manager and
such Participating Broker-Dealer under Sections 2(e), 2(m), 5(f),
and 5(g) hereof continue to be true and accurate in all respects. The Dealer Manager shall, and shall cause each Participating Broker-Dealer to, during the course of the Offering,
on an annual basis, provide to the Company a written certificate confirming that, to the best of its knowledge, each of the representations and warranties of the Dealer Manager under Sections

2(e), 2(m), 5(f), and 5(g) hereof continue
to be true and accurate in all respects. The Dealer Manager shall be entitled to conduct such additional, supplemental due diligence inquiries with respect to Participating Broker-Dealers compliance with the subject matter of the
representations and warranties contained in Sections 2(e), 2(m), 5(f),
and 5(g) hereof as the Dealer Manager may deem necessary or desirable. The Dealer Manager shall, and shall cause each Participating Broker-Dealer to represent that it shall,
provide such information to the Company and the Dealer Manager, as applicable, as may be required for the Company or the Dealer Manager, as applicable, to comply with any law, rule or regulation or request by a regulatory authority or
otherwise as reasonably requested by the Company or the Dealer Manager, as applicable, in connection with the Offering, and shall make the individuals primarily involved with the provision of services to the Company and/or the Dealer
Manager under this Agreement or a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement, as applicable, available for reasonable consultation with the Company and/or the Dealer Manager in regards to the Offering; provided that reasonable notice is provided to the Dealer Manager or Participating Broker-Dealer, as applicable.

(j) 

The Dealer Manager and all Participating Broker-Dealers will offer and sell the Shares at the offering prices per share described in the Memorandum.

(k) 

The Dealer Manager shall remain in compliance with all AML Rules and shall, upon request by the Company, provide a certification to the Company that, as of the date of such certification, the
Dealer Manager is in compliance with all AML Rules, specifically including, but not limited to, the specifically including, but not limited to, the Customer Identification Program requirements under Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act.

(l) 

The Dealer Manager will maintain in effect and shall enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws by the Dealer Manager, its subsidiaries
and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents. The Dealer Manager will not act in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws by any party to this Agreement. The Dealer Manager
will deliver in a timely manner all documents reasonably requested by the Company in connection with Sanctions or Anti-Corruption Laws.

14

(m) 

The Dealer Manager shall keep, and shall cause its officers, directors, managers, employees, owners, members, partners and other agents (collectively, its Representatives) to keep, all Confidential Information (as defined below) strictly confidential, and shall not use, distribute or copy the same except in connection with the Dealer Managers performance of its
obligations hereunder. The Dealer Manager agrees not to disclose, and to cause its Representatives not to disclose, such Confidential Information to the public, or to any person involved in selling efforts related to the Offering or to any
other third party and agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any manner in the offer and sale of the Shares. The Dealer Manager shall use all reasonable precautions necessary to preserve the confidentiality of the Confidential
Information, including, but not limited to, (i) limiting access to such information to persons who have a need to know such information only for the purpose of the performance of the Dealer Managers obligations hereunder and (ii) informing
each recipient of such Confidential Information of the Dealer Managers confidentiality obligation. The Dealer Manager acknowledges that the Dealer Manager or its Representatives may have previously received Confidential Information, and
agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any such previously received Confidential Information. The Dealer Manager acknowledges that the Dealer Manager or its Representatives may in the future receive Confidential Information,
either in individual or collective meetings or telephone calls with the Company or the Adviser, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any Confidential Information received through any source or medium. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed (A) if approved in writing for disclosure by the Company, (B) pursuant to a subpoena or as required by law, or (C) as required by any regulation, rule, order or request of any
governing or self-regulatory organization (including the SEC or FINRA); provided

that the Dealer Manager shall notify the Company, in advance if practicable under the circumstances, of any attempt to obtain Confidential Information pursuant to
provisions (B) and (C). For purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean and include: (1) trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Adviser or their respective affiliates; (2) confidential
data, know-how, current and planned research and development, current and planned methods and processes, investment strategies, marketing lists or strategies, slide presentations and business plans, however documented, belonging to the
Company, the Adviser or their respective affiliates; (3) information concerning the business and affairs of the Company, the Adviser or their respective affiliates (including, without limitation, historical financial statements, financial
projections and budgets, investment-related information, models, budgets, plans, market studies and personal information, however documented); (4) any information marked or designated Confidential; and (5) any notes, analyses,
compilations, studies, summaries and other material containing or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing; provided, however,
that Confidential Information shall not include information that (w) is or becomes available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by the Dealer Manager in breach of this Agreement, (x) was available to the Dealer Manager
on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to such Dealer Manager in connection with this Agreement, (y) becomes available to the Dealer Manager from a source that is not known by the Dealer Manager to be otherwise prohibited
from communicating such information to the Dealer Manager or (z) is independently developed by the Dealer Manager without reference to the Confidential Information. Nothing herein shall be construed as restricting the Company in any way
in the use of its own Confidential Information.

15

(n) 

At the request of the Company, the Dealer Manager will engage a Participating Broker-Dealer selected by the Company and enter into a related Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement. The Dealer
Manager shall not engage a Participating Broker-Dealer without the prior written consent of the Company and shall not enter into a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement unless the Company has approved such Agreement in writing (including
via email). The Dealer Manager shall provide executed copies of each Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement to the Company on the day such Agreement is executed.

(o) 

The parties hereto acknowledge that the Dealer Manager is granted certain discretion under the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreements, including the discretion to waive or modify certain rights and
obligations of the Participating Broker-Dealers. The Dealer Manager shall not exercise any such discretion under a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement or amend any Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement without receiving the Companys
prior written (including via email) approval.

6. 

Indemnification. For the purposes of this Section 6, an entitys Indemnified Parties shall include such entitys officers, directors, employees, members, partners,
agents and representatives, and each person, if any, who controls such entity within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act.

(a) 

The Company will indemnify, defend (subject to Section 6(e)) and hold harmless the Participating Broker-Dealers and the Dealer Manager,
and their respective Indemnified Parties, from and against any losses, claims (including the reasonable and documented costs of investigation), damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Participating Broker-Dealers or Dealer
Manager, or their respective Indemnified Parties, may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based
upon (i) in whole or in part, any material inaccuracy in a representation or warranty contained herein by the Company, any material breach of a covenant contained herein by the Company or any material failure by the Company to perform its
obligations hereunder or to comply with federal or state securities laws applicable to the Offering, (ii) any third-party claim arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (A) in a memorandum
or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (B) in any Authorized Sales Materials or (iii) the omission or alleged omission of a material fact necessary to make the statements made in the Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the Company will reimburse each Participating Broker-Dealer, the Dealer Manager and their respective Indemnified Parties, for any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by such Participating Broker-Dealer, the Dealer Manager and their respective Indemnified Parties, in connection with investigating or defending such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or
liability arises out of, or is based upon, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished either (x) to the Company or the Adviser
by the Dealer Manager or (y) to the Company, the Adviser or Dealer Manager by or on behalf of any Participating Broker-Dealer expressly for use in a memorandum (including any amendment or supplement thereto) or any Authorized Sales
Materials. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company may otherwise have.

16

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnification and agreement to hold harmless provided in Section

6(a) is further limited to the extent that no such indemnification by the Company of a Participating Broker-Dealer, the Dealer Manager or their respective Indemnified Parties shall be permitted under this Agreement for, or arising out
of, an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws, unless one or more of the following conditions are met: (i) there has been a successful final adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to
the particular indemnitee; (ii) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the particular indemnitee; or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims
against the particular indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification
has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authorities of the states in which the securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws.

(b) 

The Dealer Manager will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and its respective Indemnified Parties from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which any of the
aforesaid parties may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims (including the reasonable and documented costs of investigation), damages or liabilities (or actions in respect
thereof) arise out of or are based upon (i) in whole or in part, any material inaccuracy in a representation or warranty contained herein by the Dealer Manager, any material breach of a covenant contained herein by the Dealer Manager or any
material failure by the Dealer Manager to perform its obligations hereunder, (ii) any third-party claim arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained (A) in a memorandum or any amendment or
supplement thereto, or (B) in any Authorized Sales Materials, (iii) the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made in a memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that, in each
case described in clauses (ii) and (iii), the Dealer-Manager will be liable to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Dealer Manager specifically for use with reference to the Dealer Manager in the preparation of a memorandum or any such amendment or supplement thereto or any Authorized
Sales Materials, (iv) any use of sales literature by the Dealer Manager not authorized or approved by the Company or any use of broker-dealer use only or advisor use only materials with prospective investors concerning the Shares by the
Dealer Manager, (v) any untrue statement made by the Dealer Manager or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares, (vi) any material violation by the Dealer Manager of this Agreement, (vii) any failure by the Dealer Manager to comply with applicable laws governing money laundering abatement
and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable FINRA Rules, SEC rules and the USA PATRIOT Act or (viii) any other failure by the Dealer Manager to comply with applicable FINRA Rules, SEC rules or any other applicable federal or
state laws, including its failure to ensure the appropriate FINRA licensing credentials for its representatives. The Dealer Manager will reimburse the aforesaid parties in connection with the investigation or defense of any such loss,
claim, damage, liability or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Dealer Manager may otherwise have.

17

(c) 

Each Participating Broker-Dealer, severally but not jointly, will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and each of their respective Indemnified Parties from and
against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Company, the Dealer Manager or any of their respective Indemnified Parties may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses,
claims (including the reasonable and documented costs of investigation), damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (i) in whole or in part, any material inaccuracy in a representation or warranty
made by the Participating Broker-Dealer, any material breach of a covenant by the Participating Broker-Dealer or any material failure by the Participating Broker-Dealer to perform its obligations hereunder or under the applicable
Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) in a memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (B) in any Authorized Sales Materials; provided, however, that, in each case described in clause (ii), such Participating Broker-Dealer
will be liable to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or
the Dealer Manager by the Participating Broker-Dealer specifically for use with reference to such Participating Broker-Dealer in a memorandum or any such amendment or supplement thereto, or any Authorized Sales Materials, (iv) any use of
sales literature by the Participating Broker-Dealer not authorized or approved by the Company or use of broker-dealer use only or advisor use only materials with prospective investors concerning the Shares by such Participating
Broker-Dealer or Participating Broker-Dealers representatives or agents, (v) any untrue statement made by such Participating Broker-Dealer or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares, (vi) (x) any failure by the Participating Broker-Dealer to be properly registered or licensed as
a broker-dealer, duly authorized to sell Shares under federal and state securities laws and regulations in all states where it offers or sells Shares, or to be a member in good standing of FINRA, (y) if the Participating Broker-Dealer
becomes subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and becomes disqualified from relying on the exemption from registration under the
Securities Act provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act with regard to the offer and sale of the Shares by the occurrence or issuance of any conviction, order, judgment, decree, suspension, injunction,
expulsion or bar described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act or (z) any other material violation of the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement to which the Participating Broker-Dealer is a
party, (vii) any failure of the Participating Broker-Dealer to comply with applicable laws governing money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable FINRA Rules, SEC rules and the USA PATRIOT Act or
(viii) any other failure by the Participating Broker-Dealer to comply with applicable FINRA Rules, SEC rules or any other applicable federal or state laws, including its
failure to ensure the appropriate FINRA licensing credentials for its representatives. Each Participating Broker-Dealer will reimburse the aforesaid parties in connection with the investigation or defense of any such loss, claim, damage,
liability or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability which the Participating Broker-Dealer may otherwise have.

18

(d) 

Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of an action, such indemnified party
will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof and the
omission to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve such indemnifying party from any liability under this Section 6 as to the particular item for which indemnification is
then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any indemnified party. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the
indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such
indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable and documented legal and other expenses (subject to Section 6(e)) incurred by such
indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such
indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party.

19

(e) 

An indemnifying party under this Section 6 shall be obligated to reimburse an indemnified party for reasonable and documented legal and
other expenses as follows:

(i) 

In the case of the Company indemnifying the Dealer Manager, the advancement of funds of the Company to the Dealer Manager for legal expenses and other costs incurred as a result of any legal action
for which indemnification is being sought shall be permissible only if all of the following conditions are satisfied: (A) the legal action relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the
Company, (B) the legal action is initiated by a third party who is not a limited partner of the Company or the legal action is initiated by a limited partner of the Company acting in his or her capacity as such and a court of competent
jurisdiction specifically approves such advancement, and (C) the Dealer Manager undertakes to repay the advanced funds to the Company, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, in cases in which the Dealer Manager is
found not to be entitled to indemnification.

(ii) 

In any case of indemnification other than that described in Section 6(e)(i), the indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and
expenses of the indemnified party in the defense of such claims or actions; provided, however,
that the indemnifying party shall not be obligated to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims,
notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one indemnified party, then the
indemnifying party shall only be obliged to reimburse the expenses and fees of one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought, and, in the event a majority of such
indemnified parties is unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against such
action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm, and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm.

(f) 

The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 6 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any
investigation made by or on behalf of any Participating Broker-Dealer, any person controlling any Participating Broker-Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company, the Dealer Manager or any officer, trustee or director thereof, or by or on
behalf of the Company or the Dealer Manager, (ii) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (iii) any termination of this Agreement or any Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement. A successor of any Participating Broker-Dealer or of
any of the parties to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 6.

20

7. 

Survival of Provisions. The respective agreements,
representations and warranties of the Company, the Adviser and the Dealer Manager set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect until the Termination Date regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on
behalf of the Dealer Manager or any Participating Broker-Dealer or any person controlling the Dealer Manager or any Participating Broker-Dealer or by or on behalf of the Company or any person controlling the Company, and (b) the delivery
of payment for the Shares. Following the termination of this Agreement, this Agreement will become void and there will be no liability of any party to any other party hereto, except for the obligations under Sections 6 to 9, 11 to 16,
19 and 20, all of which will survive the termination of this Agreement.

8. 

Applicable Law. This Agreement was executed and delivered
in, and its validity, interpretation and construction shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to choice of law provisions thereof; provided,
however, that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be
governed by this Section 8.

9. 

Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF
THIS AGREEMENT. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, for purposes of any
suit, action or other proceeding arising from this Agreement, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or thereof, that it is not subject
thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or by such
courts. Each of the parties hereby consents to and grants any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute.

10. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed (including by
email or in .pdf or by DocuSign or similar electronic signature) and delivered (including by email) by the parties hereto in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

11. 

Successors and Amendment.

21

(a) 

This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Dealer Manager, the Company, the Adviser and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and shall inure to the benefit
of the Participating Broker-Dealers to the extent set forth in Sections 1 and 6 hereof. Nothing in this Agreement is
intended, or shall be construed, to give to any other person any right, remedy or claim, except as otherwise specifically provided herein.

(b) 

This Agreement may be amended only by the written agreement of the Dealer Manager, the Company and the Adviser.

(c) 

Neither the Company, the Adviser or the Dealer Manager may assign or transfer any of such partys rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Dealer Manager,
on the one hand, or the Company and the Adviser, acting together, on the other hand.

12. 

Term and Termination.

(a) 

This Agreement may be terminated by the Dealer Manager, on the one hand, or the Company and the Adviser acting together, on the other hand, (i) in the event that (A) the Company or the Adviser, on
the one hand, or the Dealer Manager, on the other hand, shall have failed to comply with any of the material provisions of this Agreement, (B) the Company or the Adviser, on the one hand, or the Dealer Manager, on the other hand, materially breaches any of its representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and, in the case of the Company or the Adviser, such breach or breaches, individually or
in the aggregate, would result in a material adverse effect on the business or property to the Company or the Adviser, respectively, or (ii) on thirty (30) days written notice; provided, however, that no party may terminate this Agreement under clause (i)(A) or (i)(B) above unless such failures or breaches are not cured within thirty (30) days after
such party has delivered notice of intent to terminate under this Section 12(a). In any case, this Agreement shall expire at the close of business on the Termination Date.

(b) 

The Dealer Manager, upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall (i) promptly deposit any and all funds, if any, in its possession which were received from investors for the sale of
Shares into the appropriate account designated by the Company, (ii) promptly deliver to the Company all records and documents in its possession which relate to the Offering and are not designated as dealer copies, (iii) provide a list of
all purchasers and broker-dealers with whom the Dealer Manager has initiated oral or written discussions regarding the Offering, (iv) notify Participating Broker-Dealers of such termination and (v) in the case of termination by the Company
pursuant to Section 12(a), at the request of the Company, cooperate in good faith with the Company and any Participating Broker-Dealers to assign any Participating Broker-Dealer
Agreements to a successor dealer manager. Solely to the extent required for legal or regulatory purposes, the Dealer Manager, at its sole expense, may make and retain copies of all such records and documents, but shall keep all such
information confidential. The Dealer Manager shall use its best efforts to cooperate with the Company to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Company.

22

(c) 

Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Dealer Manager all compensation to which the Dealer Manager is or becomes entitled under Section 5 at such time as such compensation becomes payable.

13. 

Confirmation. The Company hereby agrees and assumes the
duty to confirm, on its behalf and on behalf of the Participating Broker-Dealers who sell the Shares, all orders for purchase of Shares accepted by the Company. Such confirmations will comply with the rules of the SEC and FINRA, and will
comply with applicable laws of such other jurisdictions to the extent the Company is advised of such laws in writing by the Dealer Manager.

14. 

Memorandum and Authorized Sales Materials. The Dealer
Manager agrees that it is not authorized or permitted to give, and will not any information or make any representation concerning the Shares, except as set forth in the Memorandum and any Authorized Sales Materials. The Dealer Manager
further agrees (a) not to deliver any Authorized Sales Materials to any investor or prospective investor, to any broker-dealer that has not entered into a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement, or to any representatives or other
associated persons of such a broker-dealer, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Memorandum as amended and supplemented, (b) not to show or give to any investor or prospective

investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Company and marked dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public
and (c) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor in a particular jurisdiction (and will similarly require Participating Broker-Dealers pursuant to the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement) any material or writing
that is supplied to it by the Company if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction. Dealer Manager, in its agreements with
Participating Broker-Dealers, will include requirements and obligations of the Participating Broker-Dealers similar to those imposed upon the Dealer Manager pursuant to this Section 14. The Dealer Manager agrees that the Company shall be permitted to deliver at
any time, and from time to time, notice (including via email) that any materials that constitute Authorized Sales Materials shall no longer be used and no longer constitute Authorized Sales Materials for purposes of this Agreement.
Following receipt of such notice, the Dealer Manager shall immediately cease using such Authorized Sales Materials and notify each Participating Broker-Dealer to cease using such Authorized Sales Materials immediately.

15. 

Submission of Orders.

23

(a) 

Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a Subscription Agreement and to deliver to the Participating Broker-Dealer or Dealer Manager, as the
case may be (the Processing Broker-Dealer), such completed Subscription Agreement, together with a check, draft, wire or money order (a Subscription Payment) for the purchase price of the Shares. The Dealer Manager shall ensure that any Participating Broker-Dealer shall only offer to sell and accept Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments
for classes of Shares that it is authorized to sell pursuant to the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement (including any schedules or exhibits thereto) and for classes of Shares that are being issued and sold by the Company at such time.
There shall be a minimum initial purchase by any one purchaser for each class of Shares of $25,000 (except as otherwise indicated in the Memorandum, or in any letter or memorandum from the Company to the Dealer Manager). Minimum subsequent
purchases of any such class of Shares shall be $500 per transaction. The minimum subsequent investment amount does not apply to purchases made under the distribution reinvestment plan.

(b) 

The purchase price for the Shares will be sold at the then-current transaction price, which will generally be equal to the Companys prior months net asset value per share applicable to the class
of Shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Memorandum), or at a different offering price made available to investors in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change to
the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month, plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees, subject in certain circumstances to reductions thereof as described in the Memorandum. The offering price for each class of Shares is subject to adjustment as described in the Memorandum. Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering must submit
subscriptions for a certain dollar amount, rather than a number of Shares, and, as a result, may receive fractional Shares. Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the Dealer Manager to the Company or its
designated agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement, as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than the end of the next business day following receipt by the Dealer Manager.

(c) 

The Processing Broker-Dealer receiving a Subscription Agreement and Subscription Payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions shall return such Subscription Agreement and Subscription
Payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the second business day following rejection by the Processing Broker-Dealer of such materials. Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments received by the Processing
Broker-Dealer that conform to the foregoing instructions shall be transmitted to the Company or its designated agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement, pursuant to one of the methods described in this Section 15. Transmittal of Subscription Payments will be made in accordance with the following procedures.

(d) 

If the Processing Broker-Dealer conducts its internal supervisory review at the same location at which Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments are received from subscribers, then, by noon
of the next business day following receipt by the Processing Broker-Dealer, the Processing Broker-Dealer will transmit the Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments to the Company or its designated agent as set forth in the
Subscription Agreement.

24

(e) 

If the Processing Broker-Dealer conducts its internal supervisory review at a different location (the Final Review Office),
Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments will be transmitted by the Processing Broker-Dealer to the Final Review Office by noon of the next business day following receipt by the Processing Broker-Dealer. The Final Review Office
will, in turn, by noon of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments to the Company or its designated agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Shares to be purchased by a custodial account, the Processing Broker-Dealer shall cause the
custodian of such account to deliver a completed Subscription Agreement and Subscription Payment for such account directly to the Company or its designated agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement. The Processing Broker-Dealer shall furnish
to the Company and the Adviser, with each delivery of Subscription Payments, a list of the subscribers showing the name, U.S. address, tax identification number, state of residence, amount of Shares subscribed for and the amount of the Subscription
Payment, together with copy of each completed Subscription Agreement.

16. 

Suitability of Investors; Compliance with Privacy Laws.

(a) 

The Dealer Manager will offer Shares, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers will require that the Participating Broker-Dealers offer Shares, only to those persons who meet the
suitability standards set forth in the Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent by the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt, only from investors each of which, together with any other investor for which such
investor is acting as a trustee or other fiduciary, the Dealer Manager or Participating Broker-Dealer making such offering of Shares, shall reasonably believe (i) is an accredited investor with respect to the Shares within the meaning of
Regulation D under the Securities Act; or (ii) is not a United States person within the meaning of Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing by the Company
that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required. Notwithstanding the qualification of the Shares for sale in any respective jurisdiction (or the exemption therefrom), the Dealer Manager represents, warrants
and covenants (and, in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers, the Dealer Manager will require each Participating Broker-Dealer to represent, warrant and covenant) that it will not offer Shares and will not permit any of its
registered representatives to offer Shares in any jurisdiction unless both the Dealer Manager and such registered representative are duly licensed to transact securities business in such jurisdiction. In offering Shares, the Dealer Manager
will comply, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers the Dealer Manager will require that the Participating Broker-Dealers comply, with the provisions of the FINRA Rules, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations
relating to suitability of investors.

25

(b) 

The Dealer Manager further represents, warrants and covenants, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers the Dealer Manager will require such Participating Broker-Dealers to
represent, warrant and covenant that neither it, nor any person associated with it, shall offer or sell Shares in any jurisdiction, except to investors who satisfy the investor suitability standards and minimum investment requirements under
the most restrictive of the following: (i) applicable provisions described in the Memorandum, including status as an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act, minimum income and net worth standards; (ii)
applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident; or (iii) applicable FINRA Rules. The Dealer Manager agrees to ensure that, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers the Dealer Manager will require
such Participating Broker-Dealers to ensure that, in recommending the purchase, sale or exchange of Shares to an investor, it, or a person associated with it, shall have reasonable grounds to believe, on the basis of information obtained
from the investor (and thereafter maintained in the manner and for the period required by the SEC, any state securities commission, FINRA or the Company) concerning the investors age, investment objectives, other investments, financial
situation and needs and any other information known to it, or persons associated with it, that (x) the investor can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the investors overall investment objectives and portfolio structure, (y) the investor is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the investors overall financial situation and (z) the investor has an
apparent understanding of (A) the fundamental risks of the investment, (B) the risk that the investor may lose his or her entire investment in the Shares, (C) the lack of liquidity of the Shares, (D) the background and qualifications of
the Adviser or the persons responsible for directing and managing the Company and (E) the tax consequences of an investment in the Shares. In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the suitability standards must be met by the person who
directly or indirectly supplied the funds for the purchase of the Shares or by the beneficiary of such fiduciary account; and the purchaser of Shares has a substantive pre-existing relationship with the Dealer Manager or the Participating
Broker-Dealer, as applicable, pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Dealer Manager further represents, warrants and covenants, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers the Dealer Manager will require such
Participating Broker-Dealers to represent, warrant and covenant, that it, or a person associated with it, will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed
investor by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each purchaser of Shares pursuant to a subscription solicited by it, whether such documents and records
relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained or accounts hereafter established. The Dealer Manager further represents, warrants and covenants, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers
the Dealer Manager will require such Participating Broker-Dealers to represent, warrant and covenant, that it will maintain such records in compliance with applicable law and make available a record of the information obtained to
determine that an investor meets the suitability standards imposed on the offer or sale of Shares at the time of the initial purchase of Shares to (i) the Company and (ii) representatives of the SEC, FINRA and applicable state or non-U.S.
securities administrators upon the Dealer Managers receipt of an appropriate document subpoena or other appropriate request for documents from any such agency for a period of at least six (6) years following the Termination Date. In
addition, at the Companys reasonable written request, which shall be no later than the six (6) year anniversary of the Termination Date, and at the Companys sole expense, the Dealer Manger agrees (and in its agreements with
Participating Broker-Dealers the Dealer Manager will require such Participating Broker-Dealers to agree) to retain such records for a reasonable period of time beyond the six (6) year anniversary of the Termination Date. The Dealer
Manager shall not purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of the Dealer Managers customer and his or her signature on a Subscription Agreement. The Dealer Manager shall not, and in its
agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers the Dealer Manager will require such Participating Broker-Dealers not to, purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of the Dealer Managers or
Participating Broker-Dealers, as applicable, customer and his or her signature on a Subscription Agreement.

26

(c) 

The Dealer Manager agrees, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers the Dealer Manager will require that the Participating Broker-Dealers agree, (i) to abide by and comply with (A)
the privacy standards and requirements of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLB Act) and Regulation S-P promulgated thereunder, (B) the privacy standards and requirements of
any other applicable federal and state law and (C) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time; (ii) to refrain from the use or disclosure of nonpublic personal information (as defined under
the GLB Act) of all customers who have opted out of such disclosures except as necessary to service the customers or as otherwise necessary or required by applicable law; and (iii) to determine which customers have opted out of the
disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary, retrieving a list of such customers (the List) as provided by each to identify customers
that have exercised their opt-out rights.

In the event the Dealer Manager uses or discloses nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than servicing the customer, or
as otherwise required by applicable law, the Dealer Manager will consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her opt-out rights. The Dealer Manager understands that it is prohibited from using or disclosing any
nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures.

27

17. 

Severability. If any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect, so the economic or legal
substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, the parties
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as
originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

18. 

No Partnership. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed or interpreted to constitute the Dealer Manager as an employee, agent or representative of, or in association with or in partnership with, the Company; instead, this Agreement shall only constitute the Dealer Manager as a dealer
authorized to sell the Shares according to the terms set forth in the Memorandum as amended and supplemented and in this Agreement.

19. 

Notice. Notices and other writings contemplated by this
Agreement shall be delivered via (a) hand, (b) first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) a nationally recognized overnight courier or (d) email. All such notices shall be addressed, as
follows:

If to the Dealer Manager:

Fortress Wealth Solutions LLC

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor

New York, NY 10105

Email: [***]

If to the Company (or any of its common controlled affiliates):

Fortress Net Lease REIT

c/o FIG LLC

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor

New York, NY 10105

Tel: [***]

Email: [***]

If to the Adviser (or any of its common controlled affiliates):

FNLR Management LLC

c/o FIG LLC

1345 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor

New York, NY 10105

Tel: [***]

Email: [***]

Any party may change its contact information specified above by giving the other party notice of such change in accordance with this Section 19.

28

20. 

Entire Agreement. Except as specifically contemplated
hereby, this Agreement supersedes any and all agreements, either oral or written, between the parties hereto with respect to the rendering of services by the Dealer Manager for the Company and contains all of the covenants and agreements
between the parties with respect to the rendering of such services. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone
acting on behalf of any party that are not embodied herein, and that no other agreement, statement or promise not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding. Any modification of this Agreement will be effective only if it is in
writing signed by the party to be charged.

[Signature pages follow]

29

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please indicate your acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter
and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between us as of the date first above written.

Very truly yours,

FORTRESS NET LEASE REIT

By: 

/s/ Avraham Dreyfuss

Name: 

Avraham Dreyfuss

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

FNLR MANAGEMENT LLC

By: 

/s/ Avraham Dreyfuss

Name: 

Avraham Dreyfuss

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first above written:

FORTRESS WEALTH SOLUTIONS LLC

By: 

/s/ Adam Bobker 

Name: 

Adam Bobker 

Title: 

Co-CEO 

30

SCHEDULE I

SERVICING FEES

With respect to outstanding Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares and Class F-D common shares, an ongoing servicing fee will be paid
monthly in arrears in an amount equal to 0.85% per annum of the aggregate net asset value (NAV) of the outstanding Class S common shares and Class F-S common shares, respectively, and in
an amount equal to 0.25% per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D common shares and Class F-D common shares, respectively (the Servicing Fee). The Dealer Manager may
reallow all or a portion of the Servicing Fee to any Participating Broker-Dealers who sold the Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares or Class F-D common shares giving rise to a portion of such Servicing Fee to the
extent the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement with such Participating Broker-Dealer provides for such a reallowance, and such Participating Broker-Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement related to
such reallowance; provided, however, that upon the date when the Dealer Manager is notified that the
Participating Broker-Dealer who sold the Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares or Class F-D common shares giving rise to a portion of the Servicing Fee is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to such
Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares or Class F-D common shares or that the Participating Broker-Dealer no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in its Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement for the receipt
of the Servicing Fee, then the Participating Broker-Dealers entitlement to the Servicing Fees related to such Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares and/or Class F-D common shares, as applicable, shall cease, and the
Participating Broker-Dealer shall not receive the Servicing Fee for any portion of the month in which the Participating Broker-Dealer is not eligible on the last day of the month; provided,
however, if there is a change in the broker-dealer of record with respect to the Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares or Class F-D common
shares, as applicable, made in connection with a change in the registration of record for the Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares or Class F-D common shares on the Companys books and records (including, but not
limited to, a reregistration due to a sale or a transfer or a change in the form of ownership of the account), then the Participating Broker-Dealer shall be entitled to a pro rata portion of the Servicing Fees related to the Class S common shares,
Class D common shares, Class F-S common shares and/or Class F-D common shares, as applicable, for the portion of the month for which the Participating Broker-Dealer was the broker-dealer of record.

Thereafter, such Servicing Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S common
shares and/or Class F-D common shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into
a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager (Servicing Agreement), such Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the
Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole
discretion. The Dealer Manager is not entitled to any Servicing Fee with respect to Class I common shares, Class F-I common shares, Class D-S common shares and Class E common shares. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Servicing
Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such
reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing
Agreement.

Schedule I - 1

To the extent an agreement between the Dealer Manager and a Participating
Broker-Dealer or Servicing Dealer limits the transaction or other fees, including Servicing Fees, paid with respect to a shareholder, the Dealer Manager shall cease receiving the Servicing Fee with respect to any Class S common share, Class D common share, Class F-S common share or Class F-D common share in such shareholders account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager,
in conjunction with the transfer agent, determines that total Servicing Fees paid with respect to such share would exceed, in the aggregate, the applicable limit, or, such Class S common share, Class D common share, Class F-S common share or Class F-D common share (and any shares issued under the Companys distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto) may be converted into or exchanged
for a number of Class I common shares (in the case of Class S common shares or Class D common shares) or to Class F-I common shares (in the case of Class F-S common shares or Class F-D common shares) (including any fractional shares) with an
equivalent aggregate NAV as such share. In addition, the Dealer Manager will cease receiving the Servicing Fee on Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class F-S
common shares and Class F-D common shares upon the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I common shares or Class F-I common shares or (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity, or the sale
or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets.

Schedule I - 2

EXHIBIT A

DEALER MANAGER PRIOR DISQUALIFYING EVENT

Exhibit A - 1

EXHIBIT B

OFFERING JURISDICTIONS

As of April 11, 2025

United States of America

Exhibit B - 1

EXHIBIT C

MARKETING RULE DISCLOSURES

Exhibit C - 1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20047394_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

FORTRESS NET LEASE REIT

FORM OF PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT

[DATE]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Subject to the terms described herein, Fortress Wealth Solutions LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of FIG LLC (Fortress), as the dealer manager (Dealer Manager) for Fortress Net Lease REIT, a Maryland statutory trust (the Company), and FNLR Management LLC (the Adviser), a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Fortress, as the
adviser for the Company, invite you (Participating Broker-Dealer) to participate in one or more continuous private offerings (collectively, the Offering) of an unlimited amount of the Companys common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.01 per share (common shares), that will be issued and sold
at the offering prices per Share (as defined herein) as described in the Companys private placement memorandum (as may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Memorandum),

which will consist of (i) a primary offering of an unlimited amount in any combination of Class S common shares, Class D common shares and Class I common shares (not including any Class E common shares or units of FNLR OP LP, a Delaware limited
partnership, purchased by Fortress or employees, officers or directors of Fortress or its affiliates (including eligible family members)), and (ii) the shares (the DRIP Shares) sold
pursuant to the Companys distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP), to accredited investors, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or otherwise meets such other eligibility as agreed to in writing between the Dealer Manager or a Participating Broker-Dealer, as
applicable, and the Company. The Shares will be distributed on a best efforts basis in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated
thereunder. The Shares are to be offered and sold to investors as described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Memorandum. For shareholders who participate in the
Companys distribution reinvestment plan, the cash distributions paid on the Shares of each class that each shareholder owns will be automatically invested in additional Shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to
shareholders of the Company at the transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that the distribution is payable, without any applicable upfront selling commission, dealer manager fees, or other similar placement fees.

The terms of the Class S common shares, Class D common shares and Class I common shares, including the eligibility requirements for each class, are
described in detail in the Memorandum. The Company may also, from time to time, offer to suitable investors common shares of different classes (Future Offered Shares). For purposes of
this Agreement (as defined below), unless stated otherwise, any references herein to the (i) Shares shall include Class S common shares, Class D common shares, Class I common shares,
Class E common shares and any Future Offered Shares and (ii) Memorandum shall include any private placement memorandum used in connection with any offers and sales of the Future Offered
Shares, including any amendment or supplement to the Memorandum used for the offer and sale of the Shares initially being offered by the Company.

If the Company makes any amendments, supplements or restatements of the Memorandum, the Dealer Manager will (a) give you, as Participating
Broker-Dealer, written notice of such amendment, supplement or restatement and (b) provide the Participating Broker-Dealer with sufficient copies of the appropriate Memorandum in order to continue to make sales.

1. 

Dealer Manager Agreement.

(a) 

The Dealer Manager has entered into a dealer manager agreement with the Company and the Adviser, dated as of April 11, 2025, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Dealer Manager Agreement).

(b) 

Upon effectiveness of this Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement (this Agreement) pursuant to Section 15 below, you will become one of the Participating Broker-Dealers referred to in the Dealer Manager Agreement and will be entitled and subject to the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Dealer Manager Agreement relating to the rights and obligations of a Participating Broker-Dealer, including, but not limited to, the provisions of Sections 3(d) and 5(c) regarding
suspension of offers and sales of Shares, Section 5(a) regarding solicitation of subscriptions of Shares, Section 5(b) regarding regulatory compliance, Section 6, wherein each of the Participating Broker-Dealers severally agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Manager and their respective officers, directors, employees, members, partners, agents and representatives, and each person, if any, who controls such entity within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act, or Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), Section 15 regarding submission of subscriptions for Shares, and
Section 16 regarding suitability of investors and compliance procedures for offers and sales of Shares. Except as otherwise set forth herein, capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Dealer Manager Agreement. The Shares are offered solely through broker-dealers who are members in good standing of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

(c) 

Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares for cash on the terms and conditions stated in the Memorandum. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed or construed to make Participating Broker-Dealer an employee, agent, representative, or partner of the Dealer Manager, the Company or the Adviser, and Participating Broker-Dealer is not authorized to act for the Dealer
Manager, the Company or the Adviser or to make any representations on their behalf except as set forth in the Memorandum and any printed sales literature or other materials prepared by the Company and/or the Dealer Manager; provided that the use of said sales literature and other materials has been approved for use in advance in writing by the Company and not subsequently withdrawn pursuant
to Section 14 of the Dealer Manager Agreement (collectively, the Authorized Sales Materials). In the event that Participating Broker-Dealer uses printed materials in connection
with the Offering that have been prepared by the Company or the Dealer Manager and are intended for broker-dealer use only, Participating Broker-Dealer shall use such broker-dealer use only materials in accordance with the terms and
conditions of Section 7 below.

2

2. 

Submission of Orders.

(a) 

Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a subscription agreement in the form attached as Appendix B to the Memorandum
(a Subscription Agreement) and to deliver to Participating Broker-Dealer, such completed Subscription Agreement, together with a wire (hereinafter referred to as a Subscription Payment) for the purchase price of the Shares. Participating Broker-Dealer shall only offer to sell and accept completed Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments
for such classes of Shares that it is authorized to sell on Schedule 1 to this Agreement and in accordance with the offering terms and conditions as set forth in the Memorandum.
There shall be a minimum initial purchase by any one purchaser of a combination of Class S common shares, Class D common shares and Class I common shares of $25,000 (in each case, except as otherwise indicated in the Memorandum, or in any
letter or memorandum from the Company to the Dealer Manager). Minimum subsequent purchases of Class S common shares, Class D common shares and Class I common shares shall be $500 per transaction. Any minimum initial or subsequent purchase
amount may be waived in the sole discretion of the Dealer Manager. Those persons who purchase Shares will be instructed by the Participating Broker-Dealer to make their Subscription Payments payable to or for the benefit of DST Systems,
Inc., as Agent for Fortress Net Lease REIT as described in the Memorandum and Subscription Agreement for the Offering. Any repurchase requests must be made in accordance with the applicable procedures described in the Companys offering
document and repurchase plan, as well as applicable laws, rules, and regulations. The parties acknowledge and agree that a repurchase request is not received in good order unless the repurchase request and all required documentation is
completed and received by the Companys transfer agent by the applicable repurchase request deadline set for in the Companys offering document or otherwise specified by the Company in writing.

(b) 

If the Participating Broker-Dealer receives a Subscription Agreement and Subscription Payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions or for a class of Shares that the
Participating Broker-Dealer is not authorized to sell as set forth on Schedule 1 to this Agreement, or for a sale of Shares not meeting the offering terms and conditions of the
Memorandum, it shall return such Subscription Agreement and Subscription Payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the second (2nd) business day following receipt by the Participating Broker-Dealer of such
materials. Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments received by the Participating Broker-Dealer that conform to the foregoing instructions shall be transmitted for deposit pursuant to one of the methods described in this Section 2. Transmittal of received investor funds will be made in accordance with one of the following procedures, as applicable:

3

(i) 

Where, pursuant to the Participating Broker-Dealers internal supervisory procedures, internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which Subscription
Agreements and Subscription Payments are received from subscribers, Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Participating Broker-Dealer to the
Company or its designated agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Company.

(ii) 

Where, pursuant to the Participating Broker-Dealers internal supervisory procedures, final internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location, Subscription
Agreements and Subscription Payments will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Participating Broker-Dealer to the office of the Participating Broker-Dealer conducting such final internal supervisory
review (the Final Review Office). The Final Review Office will in turn, by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such
Subscription Agreements and Subscription Payments to the Company or its designated agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Company.

(c) 

Participating Broker-Dealer understands that the Company reserves the unconditional right to reject any order, in whole or in part, for any or no reason.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Shares to be purchased by a custodial account, the Participating
Broker-Dealer shall cause the custodian of such account to deliver a completed Subscription Agreement and Subscription Payment for such account directly for deposit to the Company or its designated agent. The Participating Broker-Dealer shall
furnish with each delivery of Subscription Payments a list of the subscribers showing the name, U.S. address, tax identification number, state of residence, dollar amount of Shares subscribed for, and the amount of money paid.

3. 

Pricing.

(a) 

The Shares shall be offered at the offering price (the Offering Price), which is the price per Share as set forth
in the Memorandum, and in accordance with the offering terms and conditions as set forth in the Memorandum and payable in cash. Except as otherwise indicated in the Memorandum or in any letter or memorandum sent to Participating
Broker-Dealer by the Company or Dealer Manager, purchases must be for at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Memorandum. The Company will sell the Shares on a continuous basis at the Offering Price, subject to the adjustments
described in or otherwise provided in the Memorandum. The Company may update a previously available Offering Price in cases where the Company believes there has been a material change (positive or negative) to the net asset value per Share
since the end of the prior month. Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering must submit subscriptions for a certain dollar amount, rather than a number of Shares and, as a result, may receive fractional Shares.

4

(b) 

For shareholders of the Company who elect to participate in the Companys DRIP, the cash otherwise distributable to them will be automatically re-invested in additional Shares
of the same class. The DRIP Shares will be issued and sold to shareholders of the Company at the transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date the distribution is payable. No upfront selling commission, dealer manager
fees, or other similar placement fees (together, the Upfront Sales Load) will be paid with respect to shares issued under the Companys DRIP.

The Shares are non-assessable. Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to place any order for the full purchase price except
as otherwise provided in the Memorandum.

4. 

Participating Broker-Dealers Compensation. Except

as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed
sales and ongoing shareholder services rendered by Participating Broker-Dealer hereunder, Participating Broker-Dealer is entitled, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein, to the compensation set forth on Schedule 1 to this Agreement.

5. 

Payment. Servicing Fees (as defined in Schedule 1 to this Agreement) due to the Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to the Participating Broker-Dealer within thirty (30) days after receipt
by the Dealer Manager. The Participating Broker-Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize the Dealer Manager to deposit Servicing Fees or other payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If the
Participating Broker-Dealer so elects, the Participating Broker-Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.

6. 

Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales. All
orders, whether initial or additional, are subject to acceptance by and shall only become effective upon confirmation by the Company, which reserves the right to reject any order, in whole or in part, for any or no reason. Orders not
accompanied by a fully completed Subscription Agreement and executed signature page thereto and the required Subscription Payment for the Shares may be rejected. Issuance and delivery of the Shares will be made only after actual receipt
of the Subscription Payment therefor. If any Subscription Payment is not paid upon presentment, or if the Company is not in actual receipt of clearinghouse funds or the equivalent in payment for the Shares, the Company reserves the right
to cancel the sale without notice.

5

7. 

Memorandum and Authorized Sales Materials. Participating

Broker-Dealer is not authorized or permitted to give, and will not give, any information or make any representation (written or oral) concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Memorandum and the Authorized Sales Materials. The
Dealer Manager will supply Participating Broker-Dealer with reasonable quantities of the Memorandum, any supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum, as well as any Authorized Sales Materials, for delivery to prospective accredited
investors; provided that the Dealer Manager may, in its sole discretion, limit the number of Memorandum or Authorized Sales Materials provided to any Participating
Broker-Dealer with any such request, and Participating Broker-Dealer will deliver a copy of the Memorandum and all supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum to each investor to whom an offer is made prior to or simultaneously with
the first solicitation of an offer to sell the Shares to an investor. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that it will not send or give any supplements to the Memorandum, any amended Memorandum or any Authorized Sales Materials to such
investor unless it has previously sent or given a Memorandum and all supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum to that investor or has simultaneously sent or given a Memorandum and all supplements thereto and any amended Memorandum
with such Memorandum supplement, amended Memorandum or Authorized Sales Materials. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that it will not show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing which is
supplied to it by the Dealer Manager and marked broker-dealer use only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the offer or sale of Shares to potential investors. Participating Broker-Dealer
agrees that it will not use any form of written communication other than the Memorandum, the Authorized Sales Materials and any other written documentation relating to the Offering previously approved in writing by the Company in
connection with the offering and sale of the Shares (collectively, Offering Materials) without the prior written consent of the Company. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to
comply with all applicable requirements under applicable laws, including the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the SEC Marketing Rule (as defined herein), the rules of FINRA and any other U.S. federal, non-U.S., state or local securities
or other laws or rules of FINRA or any other applicable self-regulatory agency, as each may be amended from time to time, in offering and selling Shares.

8. 

License and Association Membership. Participating

Broker-Dealers acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation to the Company and the Dealer Manager that Participating Broker-Dealer is a properly registered or licensed broker-dealer, duly authorized to sell Shares under
federal and state securities laws and regulations in all jurisdictions where it offers or sells Shares, and that it is a member in good standing of FINRA. Participating Broker-Dealer represents and warrants that it is its sole
responsibility to ensure that its representatives are properly registered and licensed as required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. This Agreement shall automatically terminate if Participating Broker-Dealer ceases to be a
member in good standing of FINRA or with the securities commission of the state in which Participating Broker-Dealers principal office is located. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if
Participating Broker-Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA or with the securities commission or equivalent authority of any jurisdiction in which Participating Broker-Dealer is currently registered or licensed, or, in the
case of a foreign dealer, so to conform. Participating Broker-Dealer also hereby agrees to abide by the rules set forth in the FINRA rulebook (FINRA Rules). Participating
Broker-Dealer represents and warrants that it and persons associated with it (as defined in the FINRA Bylaws) are not subject to any disqualification, as defined in Article III, Section 4 of FINRA Bylaws, which has not been waived.

6

9. 

Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Compliance Programs.

(a) 

Participating Broker-Dealers acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation and warranty to the Company and the Dealer Manager that Participating Broker-Dealer has
established and implemented an anti-money laundering compliance program (AML Program) in accordance with applicable U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including,
but not limited to, applicable FINRA Rules, SEC rules and regulations, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT Act) of 2001, as amended (the USA PATRIOT Act), and Section 352 of the International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001 (collectively, the AML Laws), and that such AML Program is reasonably expected to detect and cause the reporting of suspicious transactions in connection with the offering and sale of Shares.

(b) 

Participating Broker-Dealer represents and warrants that it has established and implemented a program (the Anti-Corruption
Program) for compliance with applicable anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws and regulations (Anti-Corruption Laws), including, but not limited to, the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA).

(c) 

Participating Broker-Dealer represents and warrants that it has established and implemented a program for compliance with U.S. sanctions laws and regulation promulgated by the
U.S. Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control or any other U.S. governmental entity (such sanctions, regulations and laws, together with any supplement or amendment thereto, the U.S. Sanctions Laws) (the Sanctions Program) and will continue to maintain the Sanctions Program during the term of this Agreement. Upon request by the
Dealer Manager at any time, Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to (i) furnish a written copy of its AML Program and Sanctions Program to the Dealer Manager for review, and (ii) furnish a copy of the findings and any remedial actions
taken in connection with Participating Broker-Dealers most recent independent testing of its AML Program and/or its Sanctions Program.

(d) 

The parties acknowledge that for the purposes of FINRA Rules, the investors who purchase Shares through Participating Broker-Dealer are customers of Participating
Broker-Dealer and not the Dealer Manager. Nonetheless, to the extent that the Dealer Manager deems it prudent, Participating Broker-Dealer shall cooperate with the Dealer Managers reasonable requests for information, records, and data
related to the Companys shareholders introduced to, and serviced by, Participating Broker-Dealer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participating Broker-Dealer shall not be required to provide to the Dealer Manager any documentation that, in
Participating Broker-Dealers reasonable judgment, would cause Participating Broker-Dealer to lose the benefit of attorney-client privilege or other privilege which it may be entitled to assert relating to the discoverability of documents
in any civil or criminal proceedings.

7

(e) 

Participating Broker-Dealer hereby represents and warrants that it is currently in compliance with all AML Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, and U.S. Sanctions Laws, including, but
not limited to, the Customer Identification Program requirements under Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act (the CIP Requirements). In performing services in furtherance of this
Agreement, Participating Broker-Dealer shall comply in all respects with applicable AML Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, and U.S. Sanctions Laws. Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees, upon request by the Dealer Manager to (A) provide a
certification to Dealer Manager that, for the duration of this Agreement and as of the date of such certification, (i) its AML Program, Anti-Corruption Program, and its Sanctions Program were and are consistent with the AML Laws,
Anti-Corruption Laws, and U.S. Sanctions Laws, (ii) it has implemented and continues to implement its AML Program, Anti-Corruption Program, and the Sanctions Program, and (iii) it was and is in compliance with all AML Laws, Anti-Corruption
Laws, and U.S. Sanctions Laws and all related requirements, including, but not limited to, the CIP Requirements; and (B) perform and carry out, on behalf of both the Dealer Manager and the Company, the CIP Requirements and any applicable
customer identification requirements under the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and U.S. Department of the Treasury regulations, rules, or guidance.

(f) 

Participating Broker-Dealer represents, warrants, and covenants that it will immediately notify Dealer Manager in writing of any known or suspected violations of the AML Laws,
Anti-Corruption Laws, U.S. Sanctions Laws, the AML Program, Anti-Corruption Program, or the Sanctions Program (i) made or caused in relation to any Offering made pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) that could be expected to cause the Company
or Dealer Manager to violate AML Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, or U.S. Sanctions Laws. The Dealer Manager may, in its reasonable discretion, deem such an event a Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event pursuant to Section 16 of this Agreement.

10. 

Disqualification. Participating
Broker-Dealer represents, warrants and agrees that no conviction, order, judgment, decree, suspension, injunction, expulsion or bar described in Rule 506(d)(1) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act has occurred or been
issued where the subject of such action is Participating Broker-Dealer, Participating Broker-Dealers general partner or managing member or, to its reasonable knowledge, any (i) director, (ii) executive officer, or (iii) any other officer
participating in the Offering of Participating Broker-Dealer or Participating Broker-Dealers general partner or managing member that would, or with the passage of time would be reasonably expected to, make the offering and sale of the
Shares ineligible for the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Participating
Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event). For purposes of this Agreement, the terms executive officer and officer have the meanings ascribed to them in Rules 501 and 405 promulgated under the Securities Act, respectively.
Participating Broker-Dealer will notify the Company promptly of the occurrence or issuance of any Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event of which Participating Broker-Dealer becomes aware before the expiration or termination of
this Agreement. Set forth on Schedule 3 to this Agreement is a description of each circumstance that would have been a Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event but for
the fact that it occurred before September 23, 2013 (each, a Participating Broker-Dealer Prior Disqualifying Event).

8

11. 

Limitation of Offer; Suitability.

(a) 

The Shares have been registered or otherwise qualified for offer or sale only in the United States. In connection with an Offering, Participating Broker-Dealer shall not
approach or contact any prospective investor that is located outside of the United States without the prior written consent of the Dealer Manager. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges and agrees that the marketing of Shares to U.S.
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) will rely on Rule 506(b) under Regulation D under the Securities Act as a safe harbor from registration under Securities Act.

(b) 

Participating Broker-Dealer represents that it will (i) not solicit offers to buy, or offer or sell, the Shares (both at the time of an initial subscription and at the time of
any additional subscription, including initial enrollments and increased participations in the DRIP) by any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act),
or in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, (ii) solicit offers for Shares (both at the time of an initial subscription and at the time of any additional subscription, including
initial enrollments and increased participations in the DRIP) only from, and will offer Shares only to, persons that it reasonably believes are accredited investors as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act, based on a substantive pre-existing relationship between Participating Broker-Dealer on the one hand, and the prospective purchaser, on the other hand, and who have such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Shares, and (iii) only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing by the Company or the Dealer Manager
that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges that Dealer Manager will rely on Participating Broker-Dealers substantive pre-existing relationship with any
prospective investor for purposes of compliance with Regulation D under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the qualification of the Shares for sale in any respective jurisdiction (or the exemption therefrom), Participating Broker-Dealer
represents, warrants and covenants that it will not offer Shares and will not permit any of its registered representatives to offer Shares in any jurisdiction unless both Participating Broker-Dealer and such registered representative are
duly licensed to transact securities business in such jurisdiction, and only if the offer and sale of Shares has been (i) authorized under any applicable state securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdiction (or foreign equivalent) or
(ii) made pursuant to an exemption or Federal preemption (or foreign equivalent) from such laws. In offering Shares, Participating Broker-Dealer will comply with the provisions of FINRA Rules, as well as all other applicable rules and
regulations relating to suitability of investors.

9

(c) 

Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that neither Participating Broker-Dealer, nor any person associated with Participating Broker-Dealer,
shall offer or sell Shares in any jurisdiction except to investors who satisfy the investor suitability standards and minimum investment requirements under the most restrictive of the following: (a) applicable provisions described in the
Memorandum, including status as an accredited investor; (b) applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident; or (c) applicable FINRA Rules. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to ensure that, in recommending the
purchase, sale or exchange of Shares to an investor, Participating Broker-Dealer, or a person associated with Participating Broker-Dealer, shall have reasonable grounds to believe, on the basis of information obtained from the investor (and
thereafter maintained in the manner and for the period required by the SEC, any state securities commission, FINRA or the Company) concerning the investors age, investment objectives, investment experience, income, net worth, other
investments, financial situation and needs, and any other information known to Participating Broker-Dealer, or person associated with Participating Broker-Dealer, that (i) the investor can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares
based on the investors overall investment objectives and portfolio structure, (ii) the investor is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the investors overall financial situation, and (iii) the investor has an apparent
understanding of (A) the fundamental risks of the investment, (B) the risk that the investor may lose his entire investment in the Shares, (C) the lack of liquidity of the Shares, (D) the background and qualifications of the Adviser or the
persons responsible for directing and managing the Company, and (E) the tax consequences of an investment in the Shares. In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the suitability standards must be met by the person who directly or
indirectly supplied the funds for the purchase of the Shares or by the beneficiary of such fiduciary account. Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that Participating Broker-Dealer, or a person associated
with Participating Broker-Dealer, will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed investor by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the
determination as to suitability was reached as to each purchaser of Shares pursuant to a subscription solicited by Participating Broker-Dealer, whether such documents and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are
currently maintained, or accounts hereafter established. Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that it will maintain appropriate records regarding the distribution of Offering Materials to qualified
investors, the qualification of prospective investors as accredited investors as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and the existence of a substantive pre-existing relationship with each
prospective investor to whom Shares are offered. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to impose upon the Company or the Dealer Manager the responsibility of assuring that prospective investors meet the suitability
standards required for the Company. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to retain all such documents and records referred to in this Section 11 in Participating Broker-Dealers
records for a period of six (6) years from the date of the applicable sale of Shares, to otherwise comply with the record keeping requirements provided in Section 13 below and to
make such documents and records available to (i) the Dealer Manager and the Company upon request, and (ii) representatives of the SEC, FINRA and applicable state securities administrators upon Participating Broker-Dealers receipt of an
appropriate document subpoena or other appropriate request for documents from any such agency. Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that it will immediately notify Dealer Manager in writing if an investment
in the Shares becomes no longer suitable or appropriate for a proposed investor prior to the acceptance of the order by the Company. Participating Broker-Dealer shall not purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the
prior written approval of Participating Broker-Dealers customer and his or her signature on a Subscription Agreement.

10

(d) 

Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that it has established and shall continue to maintain during the term of this Agreement policies and
procedures reasonably designed to enable Participating Broker-Dealer to participate in a private placement meeting the requirements of Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, including (i) limiting offers to
potential investors with whom Participating Broker-Dealer has a substantive pre-existing relationship, (ii) verifying potential investors status as accredited investors as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act and ability to
meet the suitability standards set forth in this Section 11, and (iii) not engaging in any general solicitation or general advertising as defined in Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act. Participating Broker-Dealer shall maintain a list of each prospective investor of Shares of the Company receiving any Offering Materials relating to the Company, which list shall include (A) the name of the
prospective investor, (B) an internal tracking number to easily identify such prospective investor, such as an account number or client number with such Participating Broker-Dealer, (C) the tracking number of the applicable Offering
Materials and (D) the date of delivery of such Offering Materials and whether a physical or electronic copy (or both) was provided. Such list shall be available for inspection by the Dealer Manager or the Company upon reasonable advance
notice; provided that ten (10) business days shall be automatically deemed reasonable advance notice. Participating Broker-Dealer shall maintain such list for the
duration of this Agreement and for a period of at least three (3) years thereafter.

(e) 

Participating Broker-Dealer will use its reasonably best efforts to ensure that, as it is deemed to be providing any endorsement (as defined in Rule 206(4)-1 under the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the SEC Marketing Rule)) (each a Covered Endorsement), it or its
representatives complies with the disclosure requirements set out in the SEC Marketing Rule, including that each Covered Endorsement includes disclosure as set out under Rule 206(4)-1(b)(1) of the SEC Marketing Rule in substantially the
same form as provided on Exhibit D hereto.1

11

12. 

Due Diligence; Adequate Disclosure.

(a) 

Prior to offering the Shares for sale, Participating Broker-Dealer shall have conducted an inquiry (the Diligence Review)

such that Participating Broker-Dealer has reasonable grounds to believe, based on information made available to Participating Broker-Dealer by the Company or the Dealer Manager through the Offering Materials, that all material facts are
adequately and accurately disclosed and provide a basis for evaluating a purchase of Shares. In determining the adequacy of disclosed facts pursuant to the foregoing, Participating Broker-Dealer may obtain, upon request, information on
material facts relating at a minimum to the following: (i) items of compensation; (ii) tax aspects; (iii) financial stability and experience of the Company and the Adviser; (iv) conflicts and risk factors; and (v) other pertinent reports.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participating Broker-Dealer may rely upon the results of an inquiry conducted by an independent third party retained for that purpose or another Participating Broker-Dealer; provided that: (A) such Participating Broker-Dealer has reasonable grounds to believe that such inquiry was conducted with due care by said independent third party or such other Participating
Broker-Dealer; (B) the results of the inquiry were provided to Participating Broker-Dealer with the consent of the independent third party or such other Participating Broker-Dealer conducting or directing the inquiry; and (C) no
Participating Broker-Dealer that participated in the inquiry is an affiliate of the Company or its Adviser. Prior to the sale of the Shares, Participating Broker-Dealer shall inform each prospective purchaser of Shares of pertinent facts
relating to the Shares including specifically the lack of liquidity and lack of marketability of the Shares during the term of the investment but shall not, in any event, make any representation on behalf of the Company or the Adviser
except as set forth in the applicable Offering Materials.

(b) 

Further, in accordance with Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, Participating Broker-Dealer shall furnish to each purchaser of Shares in the
Offering, at a reasonable time before sale, a description in writing of all Dealer Manager Prior Disqualifying Events (as defined in the Dealer Manager Agreement) and Participating Broker-Dealer Prior Disqualifying Events, which may be
included in each Memorandum, any Authorized Sales Materials or subscription documents furnished to such purchaser. Participating Broker-Dealer shall be entitled to approve any description of Participating Broker-Dealer Prior Disqualifying
Events in advance of use by the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).

1 

Note to Participating Broker-Dealer: Please
provide a copy of your Marketing Rule disclosures for Fortress review.

12

13. 

Compliance with Record Keeping Requirements. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to comply with the record keeping requirements of the Exchange Act, including, but not limited to, Rules 17a-3 and 17a-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Participating Broker-Dealer further
agrees to keep such records with respect to each customer who purchases Shares, their suitability and the amount of Shares sold by class, and to retain such records for such period of time as may be required by the SEC, any state
securities commission, FINRA or the Company.

14. 

Claims, Enforcement Actions, and Customer Complaints. Participating Broker-Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager promptly in writing of any written claim or enforcement action or other proceeding with respect to Shares offered hereunder against Participating
Broker-Dealer or its principals, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents, or any person who controls Participating Broker-Dealer within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. Each party hereby agrees to provide to
the other party copies of any written or otherwise documented customer complaints received by such party relating in any way to the Offering (including, but not limited to, the manner in which the Shares are offered by the Dealer Manager
or Participating Broker-Dealer), the Shares or the Company in the case of the Dealer Manager; only in such cases as such complaints relate to the Participating Broker-Dealer.

15. 

Effective Date. This Agreement will become
effective upon the last date it is signed by either party hereto. Upon effectiveness of this Agreement, all offers and sales of Shares by Participating Broker-Dealer will be made pursuant to this Agreement exclusively and not through any
prior agreement between Participating Broker-Dealer and the Dealer Manager, if any.

16. 

Termination; Survival; Amendment.

(a) 

Participating Broker-Dealer will immediately suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares upon the request of the Company or the Dealer Manager at any time and will resume
its offer and sale of Shares hereunder upon subsequent request of the Company or the Dealer Manager. Any party may terminate this Agreement by written notice, which termination shall be effective 48 hours after such notice is given. This
Agreement shall automatically terminate (i) upon the termination of the Dealer Manager Agreement, or (ii) if Participating Broker-Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA or with the securities commission of the state in which
Participating Broker-Dealers principal office is located. This Agreement and the exhibits and schedules hereto are the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, between the parties hereto.

13

(b) 

Upon the occurrence of (i) a Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event or (ii) any event that the Dealer Manager may, in its reasonable discretion, deem a Participating
Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event, the Participating Broker-Dealer will immediately notify the Dealer Manager of such Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event and immediately suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares. Also,
upon the occurrence of a Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event or any event that the Dealer Manager may, in its reasonable discretion, deem a Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event, the Dealer Manager shall have the right
to terminate this Agreement immediately, in its sole discretion. If the Participating Broker-Dealer (or its affiliates, as applicable) terminates its relationship with the party for which the Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event
arises or takes any other action that causes it to no longer be subject to a Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event, and reasonable proof of such termination or action is provided to the Dealer Manager (the reasonableness of such
proof to be determined by the Dealer Manager in its sole discretion), the Participating Broker-Dealer shall no longer be required to suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares if this Agreement has not been terminated by the Dealer
Manager pursuant to the foregoing; provided, however, that Participating Broker-Dealer shall not recommence offering and selling Shares until the Dealer Manager has
confirmed in writing that Participating Broker-Dealer may recommence such offers and sales of Shares. In the event that this Agreement is terminated because of a Participating Broker-Dealer Disqualifying Event, then the Companys or the
Advisers obligation to pay any unpaid portion of any fee (whether accrued or otherwise) contemplated under this Agreement will be reduced or eliminated if (and only to the extent that) such payment would preclude the Company from relying
on the private placement safe harbor provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Dealer Manager by written notice to Participating Broker-Dealer, and any such amendment
shall be deemed accepted by Participating Broker-Dealer upon placing an order for sale of Shares after it has received such notice.

The respective agreements and obligations of Participating Broker-Dealer and the Dealer Manager set forth in Sections 1, 4, 5, 7,
11, 13, 14, 16,
17, 19, 20, 21,
22, 23, 26 and 27
of this Agreement and Section 5 of the Dealer Manager Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement.

(c) 

Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the payment of any amount to Participating Broker-Dealer, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to pay Participating
Broker-Dealers proportionate share of any claim, demand or liability asserted against Participating Broker-Dealer and the other Participating Broker-Dealers on the basis that the Participating Broker-Dealers or any of them constitute an
association, unincorporated business or other separate entity, including in each case Participating Broker-Dealers proportionate share of any expenses incurred in defending against any such claim, demand or liability.

17. 

Privacy Laws.

(a) 

The Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer (each referred to individually in this section as a party) agree as follows:

(i) 

Each party agrees to abide by and comply with (A) the privacy standards and requirements of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLB

Act) and Regulation S-P promulgated under the Securities Act; (B) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal and state law; and (C) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be
amended from time to time;

14

(ii) 

Each party agrees to refrain from the use or disclosure of nonpublic personal information (as defined under the GLB Act) of all customers who have opted out of such disclosures
except as necessary to service the customers or as otherwise necessary or required by applicable law; and

(iii) 

Each party shall be responsible for determining which customers have opted out of the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary,
retrieving a list of such customers (the List) as provided by each to identify customers that have exercised their opt-out rights. In the event either party uses or discloses
nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than servicing the customer, or as otherwise required by applicable law, that party will consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her
opt-out rights. Each party understands that each is prohibited from using or disclosing any nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures.

18. 

Participating Broker-Dealers Undertaking to Not Facilitate a Secondary Market in
the Shares. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges that there is no public trading market for the Shares and that there are limits on the ownership, transferability and redemption of the Shares,
which significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in the Shares. Participating Broker-Dealer also acknowledges that the Companys Share Repurchase Plan (the Plan)
provides only a limited opportunity for investors to have their Shares purchased by the Company and that the Companys board of trustees may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan at any time in accordance with the
terms of the Plan. Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees that so long as the Company has not listed the Shares on an U.S. national securities exchange, Participating Broker-Dealer will not engage in any action or transaction that
would facilitate or otherwise create the appearance of a secondary market in the Shares without the prior written approval of the Dealer Manager and the Company.

19. 

Electronic Signatures and Electronic Delivery of Documents.

(a) 

If Participating Broker-Dealer has adopted or adopts a process by which persons may authorize certain account-related transactions and/or requests, in whole or in part, by
Electronic Signature (as such term is defined by the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, 15 U.S.C. 7001 et seq., the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as promulgated by the Uniform Conference of Commissioners on
Uniform State Law in July 1999 and as adopted by the relevant jurisdiction(s) where Participating Broker-Dealer is licensed, and applicable rules, regulations and/or guidance relating to the use of electronic signatures issued by the SEC
and FINRA (collectively, Electronic Signature Law)), to the extent the Company allows the use of Electronic Signature, in whole or in part, Participating Broker-Dealer represents
that: (i) each Electronic Signature will be genuine; (ii) each Electronic Signature will represent the signature of the person required to sign the Subscription Agreement or other form to which such Electronic Signature is affixed; and
(iii) Participating Broker-Dealer will comply with the terms outlined in the Electronic Signature Use Rules of Engagement attached as Exhibit B hereto. Participating Broker-Dealer
agrees to the Electronic Signature Use Indemnity Agreement attached as Exhibit C hereto.

15

(b) 

If Participating Broker-Dealer intends to use electronic delivery to distribute the Memorandum or other documents related to the Company to any person, Participating
Broker-Dealer will comply with all applicable rules, regulations and/or guidance relating to the electronic delivery of documents issued by the SEC, FINRA and state securities administrators and any other laws or regulations related to the
electronic delivery of private placement memorandum.

20. 

Notice. All notices will be in writing and
will be duly given to the Dealer Manager when mailed to Fortress Wealth Solutions LLC, 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10105, and to Participating Broker-Dealer when mailed to the address specified by
Participating Broker-Dealer below.

21. 

Applicable Law and Venue. This Agreement
and any claim, counterclaim or dispute of any kind or nature whatsoever arising out of or in any way relating to this Agreement, directly or indirectly, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts formed
and to be performed entirely within the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles and rules thereof, to the extent such principles would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction; provided, however, that the governing law for causes of action for violations of federal or state securities law shall be governed by the applicable federal or state
securities law.

22. 

Successors and Assigns. Participating
Broker-Dealer shall not assign this Agreement or any right, interest or benefit under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Dealer Manager. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Dealer Manager and Participating
Broker-Dealer and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

16

23. 

Arbitration. All disputes arising out of or
in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, its existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination, and any provisions of the Dealer Manager Agreement incorporated into this Agreement, shall be
submitted to, and fully and finally resolved by, binding arbitration, conducted on a confidential basis, under the then current commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, except to the extent a claim is required
to be arbitrated as specified in FINRA rules in which case the FINRA rules of arbitration will apply, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including the governing law provisions of this section) and pursuant to the Federal
Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 -16). All arbitration proceedings, and all documents, pleadings and transcripts associated therewith, shall be kept strictly confidential by all parties, their counsel and other advisors, employees, experts
and all others under their reasonable control. Unless the parties otherwise agree, each party shall appoint one arbitrator and the two party-appointed arbitrators shall appoint the third arbitrator, who shall also be the chair of the
arbitration panel (the Arbitrator). The parties will request that the Arbitrator issue written findings of fact and conclusions of law. The Arbitrator shall not be empowered to
make any award or render any judgment for punitive damages, and the Arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law in construing this Agreement, making awards, and rendering judgments. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be final
and binding, and judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered in any appropriate state or federal court within the County of New York, State of New York or any other court having competent jurisdiction. All arbitration hearings will
be held (a) for claims required to be arbitrated as specified in FINRA rules, at the New York FINRA District Office, (b) in all other cases, in New York, NY, or (c) in either case, at another mutually agreed upon site. In the event that a
third party brings an action or other proceeding against either party to this Agreement (a Third-Party Action), then the party to this Agreement against which or whom such
Third-Party Action is brought or asserted, may in such Third-Party Action, litigate any related claim which it may have against the other party to this Agreement, including, without limitation, by way of a claim, indemnity, cross-claim,
counterclaim, interpleader or other third-party action without being obligate to arbitrate the same as otherwise provided in this Section 23, except to the extent otherwise
required in the FINRA rules regarding arbitration. In any such case, the matter which is the subject of such Third-Party Action (including any related claims, indemnity, cross-claim, counterclaim, interpleader or other third-party action,
which either party hereto may have against the other) shall not be subject to arbitration but shall be resolved exclusively within such Third-Party Action. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, no party will be
prevented from immediately seeking provisional remedies in courts of competent jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions in aid of arbitration, but such remedies will not be
sought as a means to avoid or stay arbitration. In the event a court grants provisional remedies, the duration thereof shall last no longer than the Arbitrator (upon constitution of the arbitration panel) deems necessary to review such
provisional remedies and render its own decision. Except as provided otherwise in Section 6 of the Dealer Manager Agreement, in any action or arbitration to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to secure damages for its breach, the
prevailing party shall recover its costs and reasonable attorneys fees. Each party to this Agreement hereby waives a trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement.

24. 

Severability. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision was
omitted.

25. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement will become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, which delivery may be made by exchange of copies of the signature page by facsimile or electronic transmission.

17

26. 

No Partnership. Use of Company and Fortress Names. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to constitute Participating Broker-Dealer as an employee, agent or representative of, or in association with or in partnership with, the Dealer Manager,
the Company or the other Participating Broker-Dealers; instead, this Agreement shall only constitute Participating Broker-Dealer as a dealer authorized by the Dealer Manager to sell the Shares according to the terms set forth in this
Agreement and the Memorandum, as they may be amended and supplemented. Except as may be expressly provided herein, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the Company of any consent that would otherwise be required under
this Agreement or applicable law prior to the use by Participating Broker-Dealer of the name or identifying marks of the Company or Fortress (or any combination or derivation thereof). The Company may prohibit the use of its name at any
time and to request to review any materials generated by the Participating Broker-Dealer that use the Companys or Fortresss name or mark. Any such content is expressly subject to the continuation of this Agreement and shall terminate
with the termination of this Agreement as provided herein.

27. 

Confidentiality.

(a) 

Dealer Manager, the Company, the Adviser, Fortress or one of their affiliates or employees, agents or advisers (Representatives)

(all such entities and persons, collectively, the FNLR Entities and each an FNLR Entity) may have provided and will
furnish to Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates or Representatives with certain information that is either nonpublic, confidential or proprietary in nature in order to enable Participating Broker-Dealer to perform a Diligence
Review. This information furnished to Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates or Representatives, including the terms and conditions of any agreements entered into between Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates and any FNLR
Entity, together with analyses, compilations, forecasts, studies or other documents prepared by Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates or Representatives which contain or otherwise reflect such information is hereinafter referred to
as the Information. The term Information shall not include such portions of the Information which (i) are or become generally available to the public other than as a result of a
disclosure by Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates or Representatives in violation of this Agreement, or (ii) become available to Participating Broker-Dealer on a non-confidential basis from a source other than an FNLR Entity that
has a bona fide right to such Information and which is not subject to any obligation to keep such Information confidential. In consideration of the FNLR Entities furnishing Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates or Representatives
with the Information, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that:

(i) 

The Information will be kept confidential and shall not, without the applicable FNLR Entitys prior written consent, be disseminated or disclosed by Participating Broker-Dealer
or its affiliates or Representatives, in any manner whatsoever, in whole or in part, and shall not be used by Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates or Representatives, other than in connection with performing the Diligence Review
contemplated by Section 12 of this Agreement. Moreover, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to reveal the Information only to such of its affiliates or Representatives who need to
know the Information for the purpose of performing the Diligence Review contemplated by Section 12 of this Agreement, who are informed by Participating Broker-Dealer of the
confidential nature of the Information and who agree to act in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Section 27.

18

(ii) 

All copies of the Information will be returned to the applicable FNLR Entity or destroyed upon the applicable FNLR Entitys request.

(iii) 

In the event that Participating Broker-Dealer or any of its affiliates or Representatives are requested or required (by oral questions, depositions, interrogatories, requests
for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or other process) to disclose any of the Information, Participating Broker-Dealer will provide the applicable FNLR Entity with prompt written notice so that any of the FNLR
Entities may seek a protective order, other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or that the applicable FNLR Entity waives
compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, Participating Broker-Dealer shall disclose such Information without liability hereunder; provided, however, that
Participating Broker-Dealer will furnish only that portion of the Information which, in the opinion of its counsel, Participating Broker-Dealer is compelled to disclose and will not oppose any action by the applicable FNLR Entity to obtain
reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Information. Participating Broker-Dealer further agrees to exercise its reasonable efforts to otherwise preserve the confidentiality of the Information. Upon reasonable
notice, Participating Broker-Dealer further agrees to cooperate with the FNLR Entities in obtaining a protective order or other appropriate remedy.

(iv) 

In no event shall any of the FNLR Entities be liable for any losses, damages, claims or expenses incurred or actions undertaken by Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates
or Representatives as a result of their receipt of the Information or their use thereof. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that the Information is and shall remain the property of the applicable FNLR Entity and that none of the FNLR
Entities has granted Participating Broker-Dealer or its affiliates or Representatives any license, copyright, or similar right with respect to any of the Information.

(v) 

Participating Broker-Dealer hereby acknowledges that Participating Broker-Dealer is aware, and that Participating Broker-Dealer will advise its affiliates or Representatives
who have been provided with Information, that the United States securities laws prohibit any person who has received from an issuer material, nonpublic information from purchasing or selling securities of such issuer or from communicating
such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities. Participating Broker-Dealer further acknowledges that some or all of the
Information is or may be price-sensitive information and that the use of such Information may be regulated or prohibited by applicable legislation relating to insider dealing and Participating Broker-Dealer undertakes, on behalf of itself
and its Representatives, not to use any Information for any unlawful purpose.

19

(vi) 

Each FNLR Entity has the right to enforce this Section 27 as a third-party beneficiary.

[Signature Pages Follow]

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized agent.

FORTRESS WEALTH SOLUTIONS LLC

By: 

Name:

Title:

We have read the foregoing Agreement and we hereby accept and agree to the terms and conditions therein set forth. We hereby represent that the
jurisdictions identified below represent a true and correct list of all jurisdictions in which we are registered or licensed as a broker or dealer and are fully authorized to sell securities, and we agree to advise you of any change in such list
during the term of this Agreement.

1. 

Identity of Participating Broker-Dealer:

Full Legal Name: 

(to be completed by Participating Broker-Dealer) 

Type of Entity: 

(to be completed by Participating Broker-Dealer) 

Organized in the State of: 

(to be completed by Participating Broker-Dealer) 

Tax Identification Number: 

(to be completed by Participating Broker-Dealer) 

FINRA/CRD Number: 

(to be completed by Participating Broker-Dealer) 

2. 

Any notice under this Agreement will be deemed given pursuant to Section 19 hereof when delivered to Participating Broker-Dealer as
follows:

Company Name: 

Attention to: 

(Name) 

(Title) 

Street Address: 

City, State and Zip Code: 

Telephone No.: ( ) 

Facsimile No.: ( ) 

Email Address: 

Accepted and agreed as of the date below:

(Print Name of Participating Broker-Dealer) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

SCHEDULE 1

TO

PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT WITH

FORTRESS WEALTH SOLUTIONS LLC (DEALER MANAGER)

NAME OF ISSUER: 

FORTRESS NET LEASE REIT

NAME OF PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER: 

SCHEDULE TO AGREEMENT DATED: 

Participating Broker-Dealer shall be entitled to sell Class S common shares, Class D common shares and Class I common shares.

The following reflects the upfront selling commission, dealer manager fees, or other similar placement fees (together, the Upfront Sales Loads) and Servicing Fees (as defined below) as agreed upon between the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer, effective as of the effective date of the Agreement.

Share

Class 

Available 

Upfront Sales Load 

Servicing Fee 

Total Fee 

Cap 

Investment Minimums

Selling 

Servicing 

Amount 

Reallowed 

Retained 

Initial 

Subsequent

Class S 

Yes 

Yes 

3.50% of

transaction price

per share 

0.85% (Annualized Rate) of

aggregate NAV of

outstanding Class S shares 

0% 

[No cap] 

$25,000 

$500

Class D 

Yes 

Yes 

1.50% of

transaction price

per share 

0.25% (Annualized Rate) of

aggregate NAV of

outstanding Class D shares 

0% 

[No cap] 

$25,000 

$500

Class I 

Yes 

Yes 

None 

None 

None 

[No cap] 

$25,000 

$500

Upfront Sales Loads.

No Upfront Sales Load shall be paid to the Company or the Dealer Manager with respect to the Class S common shares, Class D common shares, or Class I common shares.
However, except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for
completed sales (as defined below) by Participating Broker-Dealer of Class S common shares and Class D common shares, the Participating Broker-Dealer may directly charge subscribers transaction or other fees, including an Upfront Sales Load in an
amount up to the percentage set forth above, if any, of the offering price per share on such completed sales of Class S common shares and Class D common shares, as applicable, by Participating Broker-Dealer. Participating Broker-Dealer shall not
charge any Upfront Sales Loads for sales of any Class I common shares or any shares issued under the Companys DRIP.

A-1

For purposes of this Schedule 1, a completed sale shall occur if and only if a transaction has closed
with a subscriber for Shares pursuant to all applicable offering and subscription documents, payment for the Shares has been received by the Company in full in the manner provided in Section 2 of the Agreement, the Company has accepted the
subscription agreement of such subscriber and shares are credited to the subscribers account.

Servicing Fees

With respect to outstanding Class S common shares and Class D common shares, an ongoing servicing fee will be paid monthly in arrears in an amount equal to 0.85% per
annum of the aggregate net asset value (NAV) of the outstanding Class S common shares and in an amount equal to 0.25% per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D common
shares (the Servicing Fee). The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the Servicing Fee to any Participating Broker-Dealers who sold the Class S common shares or Class D common
shares giving rise to a portion of such Servicing Fee to the extent the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement with such Participating Broker-Dealer provides for such a reallowance and such Participating Broker-Dealer is in compliance with the terms
of such Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement related to such reallowance; provided, however, that
upon the date when the Dealer Manager is notified that the Participating Broker-Dealer who sold the Class S common shares or Class D common shares giving rise to a portion of the Servicing Fee is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect
to such Class S common shares or Class D common shares or that the Participating Broker-Dealer no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in its Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement for the receipt of the Servicing Fee, then the
Participating Broker-Dealers entitlement to the Servicing Fees related to such Class S common shares and/or Class D common shares, as applicable, shall cease, and the Participating Broker-Dealer shall not receive the Servicing Fee for any portion
of the month in which the Participating Broker-Dealer is not eligible on the last day of the month; provided, however, if there is a change in the broker-dealer of record with respect to the Class S common shares or Class D common shares, as applicable, made in connection with a change in the registration of record for the Class S common
shares or Class D common shares on the Companys books and records (including, but not limited to, a reregistration due to a sale or a transfer or a change in the form of ownership of the account), then the Participating Broker-Dealer shall be
entitled to a pro rata portion of the Servicing Fees related to the Class S common shares and/or Class D common shares, as applicable, for the portion of the month for which the Participating Broker-Dealer was the broker-dealer of record.
Thereafter, such Servicing Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class S common shares and/or Class D common shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager (Servicing Agreement), such Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement
related to such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. The Dealer Manager is not entitled to any Servicing Fee with respect to Class I common shares and Class E
common shares. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Servicing Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement
with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such
Servicing Agreement.

A-2

To the extent an agreement between the Dealer Manager and a Participating Broker-Dealer or Servicing Dealer limits the transaction or other fees,
including Servicing Fees, paid with respect to a shareholder, the Dealer Manager shall cease receiving the Servicing Fee with respect to any Class S common shares or Class D common shares in such shareholders account at the end of the month in
which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the transfer agent, determines that total Servicing Fees paid with respect to such share would exceed, in the aggregate, the applicable limit, or, such Class S common shares or Class D common shares
(and any shares issued under the Companys DRIP with respect thereto) may be converted into or exchanged for a number of Class I common shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such share. In addition, the Dealer
Manager will cease receiving the Servicing Fee on Class S common shares and Class D common shares upon the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I common shares or (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into
another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets.

Terms and Conditions of the Servicing Fees.

Eligibility to receive the Servicing Fee is conditioned on a broker-dealer providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S common shares or Class
D common shares: responding to customer inquiries of a general nature regarding the Company; crediting distributions from the Company to customer accounts; arranging for bank wire transfer of funds to or from a customers account; responding to
customer inquiries and requests regarding shareholder reports, notices, proxies and proxy statements, and other Company documents; forwarding the Memorandum, as amended and supplemented, tax notices and annual and quarterly reports to beneficial
owners of the Shares; assisting the Company in establishing and maintaining shareholder accounts and records; assisting customers in changing account options, account designations and account addresses, and providing such other similar services as
the Company may reasonably request to the extent the an authorized service provider is permitted to do so under applicable statutes, rules, or regulations. The Servicing Fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase.

The Participating Broker-Dealer hereby represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Servicing Fees that it complies with each of the above requirements and is
providing the above-described services. The Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to promptly notify the Dealer Manager if it is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to some or all of the Class S common shares or Class D common shares
giving rise to such Servicing Fees and/or if it no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions set forth above.

General

Servicing Fees due to Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid within 30 days after receipt by the Dealer Manager of the Servicing Fee from
the Company. Participating Broker-Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize Dealer Manager to deposit Servicing Fees or other payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If Participating Broker-Dealer so elects,
Participating Broker-Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule 2 to this Agreement.

A-3

The parties hereby agree that the foregoing Servicing Fee is not in excess of the usual and customary distributors or sellers commission received in the sale of
securities similar to the Shares, that Participating Broker-Dealers interest in the Offering is limited to such Servicing Fee from the Dealer Manager and the Participating Broker-Dealers indemnity referred to in Section 6 of the Dealer Manager
Agreement, and that the Company is not liable or responsible for the direct payment of such Servicing Fee to Participating Broker-Dealer.

Participating Broker-Dealer waives any and all rights to receive compensation, including the Servicing Fee, until it is paid to and received by the Dealer Manager.
Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges and agrees that, if the Company pays Servicing Fees to the Dealer Manager, the Company is relieved of any obligation for Servicing Fees to Participating Broker-Dealer. Participating Broker-Dealer affirms
that the Dealer Managers liability for Servicing Fees is limited solely to the proceeds received associated therewith. Notwithstanding the above, Participating Broker-Dealer affirms that, to the extent Participating Broker-Dealer retains Upfront
Sales Loads as described above under Upfront Sales Loads, neither the Company nor the Dealer Manager shall have liability for Upfront Sales Loads payable to Participating Broker-Dealer, and that Participating Broker-Dealer is solely responsible
for retaining the Upfront Sales Loads due to Participating Broker-Dealer from the subscription funds received by Participating Broker-Dealer from its customers for the purchase of Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges and agrees that no commissions, payments or amount whatsoever will be paid to Participating Broker-Dealer in respect of the
purchase of Shares by a Participating Broker-Dealer (or its registered representative), in its individual capacity, or by a retirement plan of such Participating Broker-Dealer (or its registered representative), or by an officer, director or
employee of the Company, the Adviser or their respective affiliates.

Due Diligence

In addition, as set forth in Memorandum, the Company may reimburse Participating Broker-Dealers for reasonable out-of-pocket due diligence expenses incurred by such
Participating Broker-Dealers. Participating Broker-Dealer shall provide a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses, and no such expenses shall be reimbursed absent a detailed and itemized invoice. All such reimbursements
will be made in accordance with, and subject to the restrictions and limitations imposed under the Company documents, FINRA rules and other applicable laws and regulations.

A-4

Share Class Election

CHECK EACH APPLICABLE BOX BELOW IF THE PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER ELECTS TO PARTICIPATE IN THE LISTED SHARE CLASS

Class S common shares 

Class D common shares 

Class I common shares

The following reflects the selling commission and/or the Servicing Fees as agreed upon between the Dealer Manager and the Participating Broker-Dealer for the applicable
share class.

Servicing Fee of 0.85% (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S shares. 

By initialing here, the Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Servicing Fee set forth in this Schedule

1. Should the Participating Broker-Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Servicing Fee and initialing is not necessary. The Participating Broker-Dealer represents by its acceptance
of each payment of the Servicing Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements.

(Initials)

Servicing Fee of 0.25% (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class D shares 

By initialing here, the Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Servicing Fee set forth in this Schedule

1. Should the Participating Broker-Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Servicing Fee and initialing is not necessary. The Participating Broker-Dealer represents by its acceptance
of each payment of the Servicing Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements.

(Initials)

[Signature Page Follows]

A-5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be executed as of the date first written above.

DEALER MANAGER

FORTRESS WEALTH SOLUTIONS LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER

(Print Name of Participating Broker-Dealer) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 2

TO

PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT WITH

FORTRESS WEALTH SOLUTIONS LLC (DEALER MANAGER)

NAME OF ISSUER: 

FORTRESS NET LEASE REIT

NAME OF PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER: 

SCHEDULE TO AGREEMENT DATED: 

Participating Broker-Dealer hereby authorizes the Dealer Manager or its agent to deposit ongoing service fees and other payments due to it
pursuant to this Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement to its bank account specified below. This authority will remain in force until Participating Broker-Dealer notifies the Dealer Manager in writing to cancel it. In the event that the Dealer
Manager deposits funds erroneously into Participating Broker-Dealers account, the Dealer Manager is authorized to debit the account with no prior notice to Participating Broker-Dealer for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous
deposit.

ACH 

Wire 

Bank Name: 

Bank Address: 

Bank Routing Number: 

Account Number: 

PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER

(Print Name of Participating Broker-Dealer/Beneficiary)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

B-1

SCHEDULE 3

TO

PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT WITH

FORTRESS WEALTH SOLUTIONS LLC (DEALER MANAGER)

PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER PRIOR DISQUALIFYING EVENT

C-1

EXHIBIT A TO PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT

DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT B TO PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT

ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE USE RULES OF ENGAGEMENT

In consideration of the Company allowing Participating Broker-Dealer and Participating Broker-Dealers clients to authorize certain account-related transactions and/or
requests, in whole or in part, by Electronic Signature (as such term is defined in Section 19 hereof), and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, Participating Broker-Dealer does hereby, for itself and its successors and permitted assigns, covenant and agree:

1. 

That Participating Broker-Dealer has selected an appropriate electronic signature technology that: (a) adheres to applicable Electronic Signature Law; (b) provides a visible indication that an
Electronic Signature was affixed to the relevant document and displays the date on which such Electronic Signature was affixed thereto; (c) employs an authentication process to establish signers identity and authority to sign (the Authentication Process); (d) prevents the Electronic Signature from repudiation; (e) protects the signed record from undetected and unauthorized alteration after signing; (f) requires
the signer to scroll to the bottom of each page of any document to be signed before advancing to the next page, (g) requires the signer to separately sign or initial each representation made in the Subscription Agreement, and (h) utilizes a
password protected interface to provide client access to documents to be signed electronically or which have previously been signed electronically. The Authentication Process will comply with the Customer Identification Program requirements
of the USA PATRIOT Act.

2. 

That (a) Participating Broker-Dealer shall advise clients that participation in the Electronic Signature program is optional and that participation in the Electronic Signature program is not a
condition for participation in any investment; (b) clients must expressly opt into the Electronic Signature program to participate; (c) any client that fails to make an election will execute paper subscription documents; (d) clients may
terminate their participation in the Electronic Signature program at any time; (e) clients that elect to participate in the Electronic Signature program will have the ability to elect to receive the applicable Offering Materials
electronically or in paper form; (f) the same investment opportunities will be available to the client, regardless of whether the client participates in the Electronic Signature program; (g) the use of Electronic Signatures will not affect
Participating Broker-Dealers obligation to make the suitability determinations that are required under this Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement and the Dealer Manager Agreement; and (h) Participating Broker-Dealer maintains and will
comply with written policies and procedures covering its use of Electronic Signatures.

3. 

That Participating Broker-Dealer will maintain a copy (the Record) of each Electronic Signature used to execute a transaction and/or
request for the life of the account and a minimum of seven years after the account is closed, or for such longer period as any law, rule or regulation may require. Participating Broker-Dealer will provide such Record to the Company and/or
the Dealer Manager upon request. Supporting documentation for the use of any Electronic Signature will be maintained and available to the Company and/or the Dealer Manager upon request. Participating Broker-Dealer will maintain all Records
in accordance with applicable recordkeeping obligations under state and federal securities laws and regulations and all applicable FINRA Rules and regulations.

4. 

Electronic Signature may only be used to the extent permitted by the Company.

5. 

That the consent of Participating Broker-Dealers client will be obtained for the use of Electronic Signature prior to delivery of any Electronic Signature to the Dealer Manager or the Company. For
each transaction and/or request submitted, the signer must be informed that an Electronic Signature is being created. If a party must sign or initial a single document in more than one place, a separate signature or expression of intent to
sign will be obtained for each location where a signature is required. If multiple documents are to be signed, a separate signature or expression of intent to sign will be obtained for each document.

6. 

That, if Electronic Signature credentials may be used multiple times, Participating Broker-Dealer will use a procedure to identify and de-activate expired, withdrawn or compromised credentials.
Participating Broker-Dealer will establish procedures for removing Electronic Signature credentials when a client no longer wishes to participate in the use of Electronic Signature.

7. 

That Participating Broker-Dealer may not limit its clients to the use of Electronic Signature or electronic delivery of documents only. Participating Broker-Dealer will allow its clients to elect
to sign any document with a manual signature. Participating Broker-Dealer will allow its clients to elect to receive any document in paper format. Participating Broker-Dealer may not charge its clients different fees or expenses based on
their election to participate, or not to participate, in the Electronic Signature program.

8. 

That Participating Broker-Dealer will provide clients participating in the Electronic Signature program a written confirmation of purchase, which may be provided in electronic or paper format at
the election of the client.

EXHIBIT C TO PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT

ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE USE INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

Participating Broker-Dealer has adopted a process by which clients may authorize certain account-related transactions or requests, in whole or in part, evidenced by
Electronic Signature (as such term is defined in Section 19 hereof). In consideration of the Company allowing Participating Broker-Dealer and its clients to certain account-related
transactions and/or requests, in whole or in part, by Electronic Signature, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Participating Broker-Dealer does hereby, for itself and its
successors and permitted assigns, covenant and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Adviser, the Dealer Manager, each of their affiliates and each of their and their affiliates officers, directors, committee members, principles,
shareholders, controlling persons, representatives, partners, trustees, agents and employees, in whatever capacity they may act, from and against any and all, loss, cost, expense, claims, judgment, damages, settlement cost, fee and related expenses
(including attorneys fees and expenses), arising out of or in connection with any actual or alleged act or omission by Participating Broker-Dealer related to the representations or covenants set forth in Section 19 hereof or the representations described below.

Participating Broker-Dealer represents that it will comply with the terms outlined in the Electronic Signature Use Rules of Engagement attached hereto as Exhibit B. Participating Broker-Dealer represents that the Company may accept any Electronic Signature without any responsibility to verify or authenticate that it is the signature of
Participating Broker-Dealers client given with such clients prior authorization and consent. Participating Broker-Dealer represents that the Company may act in accordance with the instructions authorized by Electronic Signature without any
responsibility to verify that Participating Broker-Dealers client intended to give the Electronic Signature for the purpose of authorizing the instruction, transaction or request and that Participating Broker-Dealers client received all
disclosures required by applicable Electronic Signature Law. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to provide a copy of each Electronic Signature and further evidence supporting any Electronic Signature upon request by the Company.

EXHIBIT D TO PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER AGREEMENT

MARKETING RULE DISCLOSURES
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>none-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>none-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

No Trading Symbol Flag
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>none-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56632

Entity Registrant Name Fortress Net Lease REIT

Entity Central Index Key 0001966394

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Tax Identification Number 92-1937121

Entity Address, Address Line One 1345 Avenue of the Americas

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10105

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 798-6100

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://fortress.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20047394_8k.htm 
none-20250411.xsd 
none-20250411_lab.xml 
none-20250411_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-013999-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ef20047394_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001966394 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

false 
0001966394 
NY 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
Fortress Net Lease REIT 
MD 
000-56632 
92-1937121 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
New York 
10105 
212 
798-6100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>