<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-001636.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-001636.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324164602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-001636
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				844720320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39395
		FILM NUMBER:		25764762

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		654 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1009
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646 502 9845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		654 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1009
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Property Solutions Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200304
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0233736-8k_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000180552100018055212025-03-212025-03-210001805521FFIE:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-212025-03-210001805521FFIE:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf110400.00PerShareMember2025-03-212025-03-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 21, 2025

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39395 84-4720320

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) Identification No.)

18455 S. Figueroa Street 

Gardena, CA 90248

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(424) 276-7616

(Registrants telephone number, including area
code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on 

which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share FFAI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $110,400.00 per share FFAIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 21, 2025 (the Signing Date),
Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with certain institutional investors (collectively, the Investors). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Company has agreed to sell, and the Investors have agreed to purchase, in four closings, for an aggregate purchase price of $41 million,
of which approximately $39.5 million will be paid in cash and approximately $1.5 million will be
converted from a previous loan to the Company, (i) certain senior unsecured convertible notes in the aggregate original principal
amount of $41 million (the Unsecured Notes), (ii) common stock purchase warrants (the Common Warrants) to
purchase up to a number of shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock),
equal to the principal amount of Unsecured Notes issued at a Closing divided by $1.29, the initial conversion price under the Unsecured
Notes, (iii) a number of shares of a newly designated class of the Companys preferred stock to be known as the Series B Preferred
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock), equal to the lesser of (A) the number of shares of Common
Stock into which the Unsecured Notes issued at a Closing are convertible (the Conversion Shares) and (B) the product of
(1) such Investors Note Commitment Amount (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) divided by the aggregate Note Commitment Amounts
for all Investors multiplied by (2) 9,000,000, and (iv) incremental note purchase warrants (the Incremental Warrants),
exercisable for (A) senior unsecured convertible notes in the principal amount of Unsecured Notes issued at a Closing and substantially
in the form of the Unsecured Notes (the Incremental Notes), (B) Common Warrants and (C) shares of Series B Preferred Stock.
The first closing (the First Closing) is expected to occur on the tenth (10th) business day after the Signing
Date and the second closing (the Second Closing) is expected to occur on the tenth (10th) business day following
the First Closing. The third closing (the Third Closing) is expected to occur on the tenth (10th) business day
following the later of (i) the effective date of the initial Registration Statement (as defined below) and (ii) the Stockholder Approval
Event (as defined below). The fourth closing (the Fourth Closing and together with the First Closing, the Second Closing
and the Third Closing, each a Closing and, collectively, the Closings) is expected to occur on the tenth (10th)
business day following the Third Closing. All Closings are subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions, including but not
limited to, the closing price of the Common Stock being equal or greater than $1.00 at the time of such Closing and no event of default
existing under any outstanding Unsecured Notes. Also, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue and sell up
to an additional $10 million in Unsecured Notes if at any time prior to the First Closing, one or more additional Investors join the Purchase
Agreement and agree to purchase such Unsecured Notes and associated Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred
Stock by executing and delivering to the Company a joinder agreement. The Notes, the Common Warrants, the Incremental Warrants, the Incremental
Notes, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms
of the Notes and the Incremental Notes and shares of Series B Preferred Stock are collectively referred to as the Securities.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company
has agreed to file a Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 45 calendar days of the Signing Date, to
register for resale all the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Unsecured Notes, the Incremental Notes, the Common Warrants
and the Incremental Warrants, and seek effectiveness within 90 days following the Signing Date, and keep such Registration Statement effective
at all times until no Investors owns any Unsecured Notes, Common Warrants, Incremental Notes, Incremental Warrants or shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof.

Placement Agency Agreement and Placement Agent
Warrants

Univest Securities, LLC is acting as the sole
placement agent in connection with the transaction (the Placement Agent), pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement, dated
as of March 21, 2025, by and between the Company and the Placement Agent (the PAA). Pursuant to the PAA, the Company has
agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee (the Cash Fee) equal to 8% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from
the sale of the Securities at each Closing and upon each closing upon the exercise of any Incremental Warrants, to Investors introduced
to the Company by the Placement Agent (the PA Investors) or 4% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale
of the Securities to all other Investors. At each Closing or each closing upon the exercise of any Incremental Warrants, the Company has
agreed to issue to the Placement Agent common stock purchase warrants (the PA Warrants) exercisable for a number of shares
of Common Stock equal to 7% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Unsecured Notes or the Incremental
Notes, respectively, issued by the Company to Investors at the applicable closing. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement
Agent fees and out-of-pocket expenses, including the fees and expenses of Placement Agents counsel and due diligence analysis not
to exceed $120,000 for the Closings and up to $60,000 upon the initial exercise of the Incremental Warrants.

The PA Warrants will have a term of five (5) years
from the issuance date. The PA Warrants will be substantially similar to the Common Warrants. The PA Warrants issued at each Closing will
have an exercise price equal to $1.548 per share and the PA Warrants issued upon the closing of the exercise of Incremental Warrants by
the PA Investors will have an exercise price equal to 120% of the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day prior to the date
of such closing, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances described in the PA Warrants.

1

Unsecured Notes

Maturity Date; Interest. 

Pursuant to the Unsecured Notes, interest will
commence accruing on the date of issuance (the Issuance Date) at the interest rate of 10% per annum and will be computed
on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months and will be payable on a Conversion Date (as defined in the Unsecured Notes) with
respect to the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Unsecured Notes) being converted on such Conversion Date, with any remaining accrued
and unpaid interest payable on the fifth anniversary of the issuance date thereof (the Maturity Date) (each Conversion Date
and Maturity Date, an Interest Date).

Interest will be payable to the noteholders on
each Interest Date in shares of Common Stock, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Unsecured Notes; provided, however, that
the Company may, at its option following notice to the noteholders, pay interest on any Interest Date in cash or in a combination of cash
and shares of Common Stock. Prior to the payment of interest on an Interest Date, interest on the Unsecured Notes will accrue at the Interest
Rate and will be payable by way of inclusion of the interest in the Conversion Amount on each Conversion Date, or upon any redemption,
unless in the event of an event of default, in which case the interest rate of the Unsecured Notes will automatically be increased to
18% per annum (the Default Rate). In the event such default has been cured, the Default Rate will cease to be effective
as of the calendar day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the interest as calculated and unpaid at the Default
Rate during the continuance of that certain default will continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after the occurrence of
such default through and including the cure date of such default.

The Maturity Date may be extended by the noteholders
under circumstances specified therein. On the Maturity Date, the Company must pay the noteholders an amount in cash representing all outstanding
principal, accrued and unpaid interest on such principal and interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges (as defined in the Unsecured
Notes). Other than as specifically permitted by the Unsecured Notes, the Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding principal
and accrued, unpaid interest or accrued and unpaid Late Charges on principal and interest, if any.

Conversion; Conversion at Option of Holder

Each noteholder may convert all, or any portion,
of the Unsecured Notes, at any time at such noteholders option, into shares of Common Stock, at an initial conversion price per
share of $1.29 (the Conversion Price), subject to adjustment as provided in the Unsecured Notes, in an amount equal to 108%
of the portion of the (i) principal, (ii) interest, (iii) accrued and unpaid Late Charges with respect to such principal and interest
of the Unsecured Note and (iv) other amounts outstanding under the Unsecured Note to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect
to which such determination is being made.

Adjustments of the Conversion Price

If on each day on which (i) a registration statement
registering for resale by the Investors of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise and conversion, as applicable, of the Unsecured Notes,
the Common Warrants, the Incremental Warrants and the Incremental Notes (the Registration Statement) becomes effective and
the prospectus contained therein is available for use (the Registration Adjustment Event); (ii) the Fourth Closing occurs
(the Fourth Closing Event); or (iii) the Company obtains stockholder approval in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement (the Stockholder Approval Event and, together with the Registration Adjustment Event and the Fourth
Closing Event, the Adjustment Events, and the date on which each Adjustment Event occurs, an Adjustment Date),
the Conversion Price then in effect is greater than the Closing Bid Price (as defined in the Unsecured Notes) of the Common Stock on the
trading day immediately prior to such Adjustment Date (each, an Adjustment Price), the Conversion Price will automatically
be adjusted to the Adjustment Price.

Floor Price

The Floor Price of the Unsecured Notes is $1.048
per share of Common Stock, subject to the Companys right to reduce, from time to time, to a price per share not contrary to the
rules and regulations promulgated by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) (and other adjustments for stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events).

Alternate Conversion

Each noteholder may alternatively elect to convert
the Unsecured Notes, at any time at such noteholders option, into shares of Common Stock at the Alternate Conversion Price
equal to the lower of:

the Conversion Price then in effect; and

the greater of:

o the Floor Price; and

o the lowest volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during
the five consecutive trading days ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable
conversion notice.

2

Alternate Conversion Floor Amount

If on any Conversion Date, the Conversion Price
then in effect would have otherwise been lower than the Floor Price then in effect, the Company is required to pay to each noteholder
an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the higher of (1) the highest price of the Common Stock on the trading
day immediately preceding the applicable Conversion Date and (2) the applicable Alternate Conversion Price, and (B) the difference between
(1) the number of shares the noteholder would have received at the Conversion Price as it would have been adjusted notwithstanding the
Floor Price and (2) the Floor Price. Alternatively, the Company may, at its option, increase the then outstanding principal amount of
the applicable Unsecured Note by such amount.

Limitations on Conversion

Beneficial Ownership Limitation. A noteholder
does not have the right to convert any portion of an Unsecured Note to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion, the noteholder
(together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage), of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. The Maximum Percentage may be raised or lowered to any other
percentage not in excess of 9.99%, at the option of the noteholder, except that any increase will only be effective upon 61 days
prior notice to the Company.

Exchange Cap Limitation. Unless the Company
obtains the approval of its stockholders in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635(d) (19.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
on the Signing Date) will be issuable upon conversion or exercise, as applicable, or otherwise pursuant to the terms of the Unsecured
Notes or the Incremental Warrants, as applicable.

Redemption Rights

Company Optional Redemption. The Company
has the option to redeem the Unsecured Notes at a 10% redemption premium to the greater of (i) the shares of Common Stock then outstanding
under the Unsecured Notes and (ii) the equity value of Common Stock underlying the Unsecured Notes. The equity value of Common Stock underlying
the Unsecured Notes is calculated using the greatest closing sale price of the Common Stock during the period commencing on the date immediately
preceding notice of such redemption and ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire payment required
to be made for such redemption.

Bankruptcy Event of Default Mandatory Redemption.
Upon any bankruptcy event of default, the Company must immediately redeem in cash all amounts due under the Unsecured Notes at a 25% premium
unless the noteholder waives such right to receive such payment.

Common Warrants 

The Common Warrants are exercisable immediately
upon issuance, and will have a term of five years from such date and an initial exercise price of $1.548 (the Exercise Price),
which may be adjusted to the lower of (i) $1.048 and (ii) 120% of the Closing Bid Price of the Common Stock on the trading day ended immediately
prior to such Adjustment Date upon Adjustment Events and other certain adjustments as described in the Common Warrants.

Limitations on Exercise. A Common Warrant
holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Common Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such conversion,
the holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. The Maximum Percentage may be raised or lowered to any other percentage
not in excess of 9.99%, at the option of the Common Warrant holder, except that any increase will only be effective upon 61 days
prior notice to the Company.

3

Series B Preferred Stock

Each Investor will be issued at the First Closing
a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (i) the number of Conversion Shares held by such noteholder and
(ii) the product of (x) such noteholders Commitment Percentage (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) multiplied by (y) 9,000,000
(the Series B Preferred Cap). In each of the Second Closing, the Third Closing and the Fourth closing, each noteholder will
be issued a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (i) the number of Conversion Shares into which such noteholders
Unsecured Note issued in such Closing is convertible and (ii) the product of (x) such noteholders Commitment Percentage multiplied
by (y) the Series B Preferred Cap minus the aggregate number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such noteholder.

In the event that an adjustment of the Conversion
Price pursuant to the terms of the Unsecured Notes results in an increase in the number of Conversion Shares, the Company will issue to
each noteholder a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the number of such additional Conversion Shares, to the extent
such additional Conversion Shares of each noteholder, in the aggregate, is not in excess of the number of authorized but unissued shares
of the Companys preferred stock as of the Signing Date without the approval of the Companys stockholders to increase the
number of authorized shares of the Companys preferred stock, provided that the Company may, in its sole discretion, increase the
Series B Preferred Cap as set forth in the Purchase Agreement, subject to approval of the Companys stockholders.

Certificate of Designation

The Company has agreed to file with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Secretary of State) a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights
and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation) to designate 9,000,000 shares of the Companys
authorized and unissued preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock prior to the First Closing. The Certificate of Designation will become
effective upon its filing with the Delaware Secretary of State and establishes the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions,
and limitations relating to the Series B Preferred Stock as summarized below.

Convertibility. The shares of Series B
Preferred Stock will not be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of
the Company.

Dividends. The shares of Series B Preferred
Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends.

Voting. Each share of Series B Preferred
Stock will have one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company.

Rank; Liquidation. Upon a liquidation,
bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily,
pursuant to which assets of the Company or consideration received by the Company are to be distributed to the stockholders, the holder
of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, before any payment is made to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their
ownership thereof, an amount per share of Series B Preferred Stock equal to (a) (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such
Investors Unsecured Notes minus (ii) the amount received by such Investor from the Company pursuant to such Investors Unsecured
Notes in connection with such liquidation divided by (b) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such Investor at the
time of such liquidation.

Transfer Restrictions. The shares of Series
B Preferred Stock will not be transferred at any time without the prior written consent of the Board.

Redemption. Upon each conversion of an
Unsecured Note or an Incremental Note by a holder of Series B Preferred Stock, a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock received by such noteholder upon conversion of such noteholders Unsecured Note or Incremental
Note shall automatically be redeemed by the Company for no consideration, without any further action by the Company or such noteholder,
and such redeemed shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding.

4

Incremental Warrants

The Incremental Warrants will be exercisable immediately
upon issuance and will have a term of five (5) years from the Signing Date. The Investors may exercise the Incremental Warrants, in whole
or in part, for (i) Incremental Notes, (ii) Common Warrants to purchase a number of shares of the Common Stock equal to the quotient of
the Note Commitment Amount of such Investors Incremental Note divided by the Conversion Price thereof, and (iii) a number of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (1) the number of Conversion Shares into which such Investors Incremental Note
is convertible and (2) the product of (x) such Investors Commitment Percentage multiplied by (y) the Series B Preferred Cap minus
the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then owned by such Investor.

Incremental Notes

The Company may issue Incremental Notes in an
aggregate original principal amount equal to the principal amount of Unsecured Notes issued in the Closings to the Investors assuming
all Closings occur and full exercise of the Incremental Warrants. The Incremental Notes will be substantially in the form of the Unsecured
Note and each Incremental Note will mature five (5) years from its issuance date.

The issuance and sale of the Securities will be
made in reliance on the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
for the offer and sale of securities not involving a public offering, and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

The Purchase Agreement and certain other transaction
documents have been attached as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide information regarding their terms. They are not
intended to provide any other factual information about the parties to the transaction documents or any of their respective affiliates.
The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the transaction documents were made only for the purposes of such transaction
documents and as of specified dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such transaction documents and may be subject to limitations
agreed upon by the contracting parties. The representations and warranties may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual
risk between the parties to the transaction documents instead of establishing these matters as facts and may be subject to standards of
materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to securityholders. Securityholders are not third-party
beneficiaries under the transaction documents. Accordingly, they should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants contained
in the transaction documents or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of any of the
parties or any of their respective affiliates.

The foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement,
the Unsecured Notes, the Common Warrants, the Incremental Warrants, the Incremental Notes, the Placement Agency Agreement, the Placement
Agent Warrant and the Certificate of Designation and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of such documents, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1, 4.3, 4.1, 4.2,
4.4, 10.2, 4.5 and 3.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and each of which is incorporated herein by reference.

5

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation Under an Off Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The disclosure included in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure included in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On March 24, 2025, the Company issued a press
release with respect to the transactions set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K. A copy of such press release is furnished
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

The information in this Item 7.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated
by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be
expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock

4.1 Form of Common Warrant

4.2 Form of Incremental Warrant

4.3 Form of Unsecured Note

4.4 Form of Incremental Note (see Exhibit 4.3)

4.5 Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 21, 2025, by and among Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. and the parties thereto.

10.2 Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 21, 2025, by and between Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. and Univest Securities, LLC.

99.1 Press release dated March 24, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

6

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.

Date: March 24, 2025 By: /s/ Koti Meka

Name: Koti Meka

Title: Chief Financial Officer

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex3-1_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Faraday
Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

Certificate
of Designation

of

Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of

Series
B Preferred Stock

Pursuant to Sections 151 and 242 of the

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

Faraday
Future Intelligent Electric Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that the
following recitals and resolution were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Company (the Board),
in accordance with the provisions of Sections 151 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL),
on March [ ], 2025, which resolution provides for the creation of a series of the Companys Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per
share, which is designated as Series B Preferred Stock, with the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
set forth therein.

WHEREAS,
the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (as amended, the Certificate of Incorporation),
authorizes the issuance of 139,245,313 shares of capital stock, consisting of (i) 129,245,313 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (Common Stock), divided into two series of common stock composed of (A) 124,815,625 shares of Class
A Common Stock (the Class A Common Stock), and (B) 4,429,688 shares of Class B Common Stock (the Class
B Common Stock); and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Preferred Stock),
issuable from time to time in one or more series, and further provides that the Board is authorized to provide for the issue of all or
any of the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
Article IV, Section 4.2 of the Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Board is authorized to provide from time to time by resolution
or resolutions for the creation and issuance, out of the authorized and unissued shares of the Preferred Stock, of one or more series
of Preferred Stock by filing a certificate pursuant to the DGCL, setting forth such resolution and, with respect to each such series,
establishing the designation of such series and the number of shares to be included in such series and fixing the voting powers (full
or limited, or no voting power), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations
and restrictions thereof, of the shares of each such series;

WHEREAS,
the Board has determined that it is reasonable, advisable, fair and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to establish
and issue a new series of Preferred Stock, designated as Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock),
consisting of nine million (9,000,000) authorized shares and to establish the rights, powers, preferences, privileges and restrictions
of the Series B Preferred Stock.

NOW, THEREFORE,
BE IT RESOLVED that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board in accordance with the provisions of Article IV of the Certificate
of Incorporation and the provisions of Section 151 of the DGCL, the Board hereby establishes and issues the Series B Preferred Stock with
the rights, powers, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof.

Terms
of Series B Preferred Stock

1. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of Preferred Stock created hereby shall be designated as the Series B Preferred Stock, and the number of shares so designated shall be nine million (9,000,000). The shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share and will be uncertificated and represented in book-entry form.

2. Dividends. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive dividends.

3. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law,
the holders of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights (and shall not have any other voting rights):

3.1. (A) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company. In the event the Company shall at any time after the date hereof (i) declare any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of Series B Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

(B) Except as otherwise provided herein, in the Certificate of Incorporation or in the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended, the Bylaws), the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company.

(C) Except as set forth herein, in the Certificate of Incorporation or in the Bylaws, holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action.

4. Rank; Liquidation. Upon a liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition,
sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company (a Liquidation), whether voluntarily or involuntarily, pursuant to which
assets of the Company or consideration received by the Company are to be distributed to the stockholders, the holders of Series B Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, before any payment is made to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount per share of Series B Preferred Stock equal to (a)(i) the aggregate outstanding Principal (as defined in the Notes) amount of such
holders Notes minus (ii) the amount received by such holder from the Company pursuant to such holders Notes in connection
with such Liquidation divided by (b) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder at the time of such Liquidation.
As used herein, Notes shall mean the unsecured senior convertible promissory notes issued by the Company pursuant
to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and among the Company and the purchasers party thereto (the
Purchase Agreement).

5. Transfer Restrictions. The Series B Preferred Stock may not be Transferred at any time without the prior written consent of the Board. Transferred means, directly or indirectly, whether by merger, consolidation, share exchange, division, or otherwise, the sale, transfer, gift, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of the share of Series B Preferred Stock (or any right, title or interest thereto or therein) or any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) to take any of the foregoing actions.

6. Redemption.

6.1. Upon each conversion of a Note by a holder of Series B Preferred Stock, a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock received by such holder upon conversion of such holders Note shall automatically be redeemed by the Company for no consideration, without any further action by the Company or such holder, and such redeemed shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding. 

6.2. From and after the time at which the shares of Series B Preferred Stock are redeemed in accordance with Section 6.1 hereof, such share of Series B Preferred Stock shall cease to be outstanding, and the former holder of such share of Series B Preferred Stock, as such, will have no further rights in respect thereof. Upon such redemption, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to this Certificate of Designation shall be automatically retired and restored to the status of an authorized but unissued share of Preferred Stock.

7. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision hereof shall be interpreted in a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision hereof is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, then such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating or otherwise adversely affecting the remaining provisions hereof.

2

In
Witness Whereof, Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. has caused this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights
and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock to be duly executed by the undersigned duly authorized officer as of this [ ] day of March,
2025.

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.

By: 

Koti Meka

Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex4-1_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF COMMON WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION
THEREOF. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT

faraday
future intelligent electric inc.

Warrant Shares: [_______] Initial Exercise Date: [ ], 20[ ]

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_____________] or its permitted assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on [ ], 20[ ]1
(the Expiration Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Faraday Future Intelligent Electric
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [______]2 shares of Common Stock (as defined below)
(as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under
this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Section 1 or elsewhere
in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and among
the Company and the Purchasers set forth on the signature pages thereto (the Purchase Agreement).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or any of the following exchanges on which the Common Stock is traded and
listed, or any successor(s) thereto, is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading: the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global
Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; or the NYSE American; and any successor to any of the foregoing
markets or exchanges.

1 Insert five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date.

2 100% warrant coverage.

Closing
Bid Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for
such security on the Trading Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis
and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price (as the case may be) then the last bid price or last trade price,
respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal
securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security
on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing
do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic
bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported
for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security
as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the Closing
Bid Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price of such security
on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during such period.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Class A Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Conversion
Price has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Notes.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Excluded
Stock means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to consultants, employees, officers or directors of the Company
pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors
or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company,
(b) the Warrant Shares and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
on the original date of issuance of this Warrant, provided that such securities have not been amended since the original date of issuance
of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities (or the shares of Common Stock underlying such securities) or to decrease the
exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or
to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company provided that any such issuance pursuant to this clause (c) shall
only be to a Person or Persons (or to the equityholders of a Person or Persons) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating
company or an owner of an asset providing to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include
a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
is investing in securities, and (d) the Notes and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(c) hereunder.

Incremental
Notes has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other similar restriction.

Minimum
Exercise Price means $1.048 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar
events in the manner set forth in Section 3(a)), provided, however, the Company shall have the sole right to reduce this Minimum Exercise
Price, from time to time, to a price per share not contrary to the rules and regulations promulgated by the Principal Market.

2

Notes
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, or proceeding.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Sufficient
Authorized Shares means, for the purpose of this Warrant, that the Company has a sufficient number authorized but unissued
and unreserved shares of Common Stock available for the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants at the initial Exercise Price.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing.

Transfer
Agent means the transfer agent of the Company, if any, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date following the date the Company, or any Successor Entity to the Company, is listed for trading on a Trading Market,
the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading
Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or, with respect to Section 3(c), the twenty (20) Trading
Days prior to such calculation) (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m.
(New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or, with respect to Section 3(c), the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to such calculation) (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or
OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock
are then reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the volume
weighted average trading price per share of the Common Stock so reported (or, with respect to Section 3(c), the twenty (20) Trading Days
prior to such calculation), or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as reasonably and in good faith
determined by the Board of Directors; provided that if the Holder disagrees with the Board of Directors determination pursuant
to clause (d) above, the Holder and the Company shall reasonably and in good faith select an independent appraiser, the fees and expenses
of which shall be split by the Company and the Holder, to make such determination.

3

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Expiration Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the
Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within two (2) Trading Days following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate
Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has
been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading
Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Holder and any permitted assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price (the Exercise Price) per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall mean, subject to adjustment
as provided herein, the lower of:

(i) Initially, as of the Initial Exercise Date or other date of determination,
$1.548;

(ii) Following
the Fourth Closing, 120% of the Closing Bid Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Fourth Closing;

(iii) Following
the effective date of the Registration Statement, 120% of the Closing Bid Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the effective
date of the Registration Statement; and

(iv) Following
the receipt of the Stockholder Approval, 120% of the Closing Bid Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the receipt of Stockholder
Approval.

c) Cashless Exercise.
If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for, the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may only be exercised, in whole or in part, at such
time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

4

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If (A-B) is less than zero, then the
number of Warrant Shares to be delivered to the Holder shall equal zero. If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the
parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics
of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this
Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c)

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of
Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its permitted assignees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrant), or otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its permitted assignee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant
to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (1) Trading Day after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice
of Exercise the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares; provided payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within two (2) Trading Days following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. If the Company is then a participant in DWAC and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the 3rd Trading
Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,
for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such 3rd Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date
until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

5

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the 3rd Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the 3rd Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after
such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage
firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder
anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount,
if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver
to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of
the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

6

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names of any permitted transferee(s) as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this
Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the
Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations.

i. The Company shall
not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section
2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities or instruments
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth
in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible
for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies,
the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the reasonable discretion of the Holder, and
the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm
the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in
(A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm in writing
to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities or instruments of the Company, including this Warrant, by
the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to
the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a permitted successor holder of this Warrant.

7

ii. Subject to Section
4.21(b) of the Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to the exercise set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Issuer would not have a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock to effect such exercise (an Authorized Share
Shortfall). The Issuer shall provide reasonably prompt notice to the Holder in the event of an Authorized Share Shortfall.

f) Issuance Restrictions.
If the Company has not obtained Stockholder Approval or the financial viability exception pursuant to Nasdaq Rule 5635(d) for the issuance
of the Securities under the Purchase Agreement, then the Company may not issue upon exercise of this Warrant a number of shares of Common
Stock, which, when aggregated with any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the conversion of any Notes, Incremental Notes and exercise
of any Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of the Purchase Agreement (such number
of shares, the Issuable Maximum). The Holder and the holders of the other Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement shall be entitled to a portion of the Issuable Maximum, subject to the disclosure set forth on Schedule 3.32 to the Purchase
Agreement, ratably based on the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Holders original Subscription Amount for all Notes by (y)
the aggregate original Subscription Amount of all holders of Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement; provided, however,
the Holder may re-allocate its pro-rata portion of the Issuable Maximum among Notes and Warrants held by it in its sole discretion provided
that such re-allocation will not cause the Issuable Maximum to be exceeded.

8

(g) Call
Provision. Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e), Section 2(f) and this Section 2(g), if, after the Effective Date, (i) the
VWAP for each of 20 Trading Days out of 30 consecutive Trading Days (the Measurement Period, which 30
consecutive Trading Day period shall not have commenced until after the Effective Date) exceeds $3.096 (subject to adjustment for
forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the Initial Exercise Date), (ii) the Holder
is not in possession of any information that constitutes, or might constitute, material non-public information which was provided by
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, and (iii) the Equity
Conditions are then satisfied, then the Company may, within one Trading Day of the end of such Measurement Period, call for
cancellation of all or any portion of this Warrant for which a Notice of Exercise has not yet been delivered (such right, a
Call) for consideration equal to $0.01 per Warrant Share. To exercise this right, the Company must deliver to
the Holder an irrevocable written notice (a Call Notice), indicating therein the portion of unexercised portion
of this Warrant to which such notice applies. If the conditions set forth below for such Call are satisfied from the period from the
date of the Call Notice through and including the Call Date (as defined below), then any portion of this Warrant subject to such
Call Notice for which a Notice of Exercise shall not have been received by the Call Date will be cancelled at 6:30 p.m. (New York
City time) on the tenth Trading Day after the date the Call Notice is received by the Holder (such date and time, the Call
Date). Any unexercised portion of this Warrant to which the Call Notice does not pertain will be unaffected by such Call
Notice. In furtherance thereof, the Company covenants and agrees that it will honor all Notices of Exercise with respect to Warrant
Shares subject to a Call Notice that are tendered through 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date. The parties agree that
any Notice of Exercise delivered following a Call Notice which calls less than all of the Warrants shall first reduce to zero the
number of Warrant Shares subject to such Call Notice prior to reducing the remaining Warrant Shares available for purchase under
this Warrant. For example, if (A) this Warrant then permits the Holder to acquire 100 Warrant Shares, (B) a Call Notice pertains to
75 Warrant Shares, and (C) prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date the Holder tenders a Notice of Exercise in
respect of 50 Warrant Shares, then (x) on the Call Date the right under this Warrant to acquire 25 Warrant Shares will be
automatically cancelled, (y) the Company, in the time and manner required under this Warrant, will have issued and delivered to the
Holder 50 Warrant Shares in respect of the exercises following receipt of the Call Notice, and (z) the Holder may, until the
Expiration Date, exercise this Warrant for 25 Warrant Shares (subject to adjustment as herein provided and subject to subsequent
Call Notices). Subject again to the provisions of this Section 2(g), the Company may deliver subsequent Call Notices for any portion
of this Warrant for which the Holder shall not have delivered a Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set
forth in this Warrant, the Company may not deliver a Call Notice or require the cancellation of this Warrant (and any such Call
Notice shall be void), unless, from the beginning of the Measurement Period through the Call Date, (1) the Company shall have
honored in accordance with the terms of this Warrant all Notices of Exercise delivered by 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call
Date, and (2) the Registration Statement shall be effective as to all Warrant Shares and the prospectus thereunder available for use
by the Holder, or Rule 144 shall be available without time, volume or manner of sale limitations, for the resale of all such Warrant
Shares, (3) the Common Stock shall be listed or quoted for trading on the Trading Market, and (4) there is a sufficient number of
authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance of all Securities under the Transaction Documents, and (5) the issuance of all
Warrant Shares subject to a Call Notice shall not cause a breach of any provision of Section 2(e) or Section 2(f) herein. The
Companys right to call the Warrants under this Section 2(g) shall be exercised ratably among the Holders based on each
Holders initial purchase of Warrants.

9

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell,
enter into an agreement to sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue
any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (other than Excluded Stock), at an effective price per share (the Base Price),
when multiplied by 120%, the product of which is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such issuances collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance) (it being understood and agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall
at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or
otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for
less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with the consummation
of each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price shall be adjusted (downwards only) to 120% of the Base Price. Such adjustment shall be made
whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid or
issued under this Section 3(b) in respect of Excluded Stock or any adjustment pursuant to Section 3(a). The Company shall notify the Holder,
in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject
to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and
other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the
Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is
entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the adjusted Exercise Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers
to the adjusted Exercise Price in the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for purposes of this Section
2(b), effective price per share shall take into consideration the value of any Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents, securities
transferred to a third-party by other stockholders of the Company including Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, cash, rights or
any other form of additional consideration (Secondary Security) that is issued or paid in connection with the issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (the Primary Security, and together with
the Secondary Security, each a Unit), together comprising one integrated transaction (or series of related transactions
if such issuances or sales or deemed issuances or sales of securities of the Company are consummated under the same plan of financing),
the effective price per share (i.e. Base Price) shall be deemed to be the lowest of (y) if such Primary Security is a Common
Stock Equivalent, the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion
of the Primary Security and (z) the purchase price of such Unit less the value of the Secondary Unit (assuming for such purposes the value
of any options or warrants are valued at the Black Scholes Value but using the date of the Dilutive Issuance for such purposes rather
than the date of the Fundamental Transaction); provided, that if the value determined pursuant to clause (y) above would result in a value
less than the par value of the Common Stock, then the other securities issued or sold in such integrated transaction shall be deemed to
have been issued or sold for the par value of the Common Stock. If any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued or
sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration other than cash received therefor will be deemed to be the net
amount received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such
consideration consists of publicly traded securities or Common Stock (including Common Stock transferred from existing third-party stockholder),
in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the volume weighted average price of such publicly traded securities
on the date of receipt of such publicly traded securities. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities
will be reasonably and in good faith determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within
ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such
consideration will be determined within five (5) Business Days after the tenth (10th) day following the Valuation Event by
an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Holder acting reasonable and in good faith. The determination
of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall
be borne equally by the Company and the Holder.

10

(c) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons, (ii) the
Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions to another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons, (iii) any
direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (by another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons) is
completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash
or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property in
connection with a transaction involving an unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated
Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares
of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making
or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time within 10 days prior to the
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction),
purchase this Warrant at the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal
to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of
such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company,
as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at
the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the
Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof,
or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with
the Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall, at
the Companys option exercisable on or before the 10th day prior to the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction by
written notice to the Holder, purchase this Warrant from the Holder at the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, following the exercise of such right by the Company the Holder shall
have the right to exercise this Warrant until the third (3rd) Trading Day immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction and the Company shall honor such exercises pursuant to the terms hereunder. Black Scholes Value means
the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction and the Expiration Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the volatility obtained for the remaining exercise period as
obtain from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 252-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following
the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, provided that if the Common Stock is not traded on a national securities
exchange as of the public announcement of such Fundamental Transaction, then such volatility shall be determined by an independent valuation
firm reasonably acceptable to (and the costs of such independent valuation firm shall be split by) the Company and the Holder, (C) the
underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value
of any non-cash consideration (determined in accordance with the last two sentences of Section 3(b) above), if any, being offered in such
Fundamental Transaction and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) upon the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided
that if there is a disagreement between the Company and the Holder with respect to the Black Scholes Value, then such Black Scholes Value
shall be determined by an independent valuation firm reasonably acceptable to (and the costs of such independent valuation firm shall
be split by) the Company and the Holder.

11

(d) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

(e) Notice to
Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or
property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the
Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear
upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

(f) [Reserved].

(g) Minimum Exercise
Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3, in no event will the Exercise Price be adjusted to an amount that
is less than the Minimum Exercise Price.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

12

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant does not require registration under the Securities Act.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant
Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c), in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an
exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of
the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

13

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, subject to Section 2(e)(ii) hereof and Section 4.21 of the Purchase Agreement, the Company
shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, intentionally avoid or intentionally
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying
out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder
as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the
par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such commercially reasonable actions in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Warrant Shares (or Alternative Consideration after a Fundamental Transaction) upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the Exercise Price, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction
thereof.

e) CFIUS.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, at no time shall the Holder (a) be given rights that would allow it to control the Company;
(b) have access to any material nonpublic technical information in the possession of the Company; (c) have the right to appoint any member
or observer to the board of directors of the Company; or (d) be involved, other than through voting of shares, in the Companys
substantive decision making regarding (i) the use, development, acquisition, safekeeping, or release of sensitive personal data of U.S.
citizens that the Company maintains or collects; (ii) the use, development, acquisition, or release of critical technologies; or (iii)
the management, operation, manufacture, or supply of covered investment critical infrastructure, to the extent the Company at any time
owns, operates, provides goods or service, or otherwise becomes involved in covered investment critical infrastructure. The terms in this
paragraph are defined as they are defined in Section 721 of the U.S. Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended, and the regulations at
31 C.F.R Part 800, as they may be amended from time to time.

f) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of
laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of this Warrant shall
be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, State of Delaware (the Delaware
Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper
or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant. If any party shall commence
an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such action or proceeding.

14

g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h) Nonwaiver.
No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right
or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.

a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at the address set forth above Attention: Legal Department, email address Legal@ff.com, or such other email address
or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email
address appears on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth
in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to seek
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any
loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in
any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any permitted Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

By: 

Name: Matthias Aydt

Title: Global Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Common Stock Purchase Warrant]

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: faraday
future intelligent electric inc.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United
States; or

[if permitted] the cancellation
of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant
with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all
of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to _______________________________________________
whose address is _______________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex4-2_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INCREMENTAL WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

FORM OF INCREMENTAL NOTE PURCHASE WARRANT

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION
THEREOF. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

INCREMENTAL NOTE PURCHASE WARRANT

faraday
future intelligent electric inc.

Maximum Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes Issuable: [_______]1 Issuance Date: [], 202[]

Initial Exercise Date: [], 202[]

THIS INCREMENTAL NOTE PURCHASE
WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [_____________] or its permitted assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 21, 2030 (the
Expiration Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), one or more unsecured convertible promissory notes, convertible into shares
of Class A Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock), in the form attached to this Warrant
as Exhibit A hereto (each a Note, and collectively, the Notes), each accompanied by a
Common Stock Purchase Warrant exercisable for shares of Common Stock, in the form attached to this Warrant as Exhibit B hereto
(each a Common Warrant, and collectively, the Common Warrants) and a number of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Series B Preferred Stock) equal to the lesser
of (1) the number of Conversion Shares into which the Holders Notes are convertible and (2) the product of (x) the Holders
Commitment Percentage (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) multiplied by (y) nine million (9,000,000) minus the number of shares of
Series B Preferred Stock held by the Holder as of the exercise date. The purchase price of a Note, or portion thereof, under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Section 1 or elsewhere
in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and among
the Company and the Purchasers set forth on the signature pages thereto (the Purchase Agreement).

Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or any of the following exchanges on which the Common Stock is traded and
listed, or any successor(s) thereto, is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading: the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global
Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; or the NYSE American; and any successor to any of the foregoing
markets or exchanges.

1 Value of the Note being 100% the Original Unsecured Convertible
Note

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing.

Transfer
Agent means the transfer agent of the Company, if any, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Expiration Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the
Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of a Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise); provided, that, without the Companys prior written consent, the Holder shall not be permitted to exercise
this Warrant for a Note with an aggregate principal amount in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the maximum face value of Notes issuable
under this Warrant. Within two (2) Trading Days following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the Note in the aggregate principal amount specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other
type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder
shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased the maximum aggregate principal
amount of Notes available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial
exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes available hereunder shall
have the effect of lowering the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the aggregate
principal amount of Notes purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the aggregate principal amount of Notes
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Holder and any permitted assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree
that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the maximum aggregate principal amount of
Notes hereunder, the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the
amount stated on the face hereof.

2

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price to fund the purchase of the maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes issuable under this Warrant shall be $[ ]3
(the Exercise Price). For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in
the event the Holder delivers a Notice of Exercise for the purchase of a Note with an aggregate principal amount less than the maximum
aggregate principal amount of Notes issuable under this Warrant, the Exercise Price for the purchase of such Note shall be the aggregate
principal amount of such Note specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.

c) Delivery of
Common Warrant and Shares of Series B Preferred Stock Upon Exercise. Upon exercise of this Warrant, in whole or in part, the Company
shall also issue to the Holder along with the Note issued upon such exercise, (i) a Common Warrant, registered in the name of such Holder,
to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the Holders Conversion Shares under such Notes purchased
hereunder pursuant to such exercise and (ii) a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (1) the number of Conversion
Shares into which the Holders Notes are convertible and (2) the product of (x) the Holders Commitment Percentage multiplied
by (y) nine million (9,000,000) minus the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by the Holder as of the exercise date. Upon
delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of such
Common Warrant and shares of Series B Preferred Stock, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Common Warrant or shares of Series
B Preferred Stock.

d)Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of
Notes Upon Exercise. The Company shall transmit the Notes purchased hereunder to the Holder by physical delivery of a duly authorized
Note, registered on the Companys books and records register in the name of the Holder or its permitted assignee, for the funded
amount of the Note to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise
by the date that is one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Note Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder
of record of the Note(s) with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Note(s); provided
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received within two (2) Trading Days following delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Note(s), deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the
Holder to purchase the unpurchased aggregate principal amount Note(s) called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to deliver a Note by the third (3rd) Trading Day following the Note Delivery Date, then the
Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

3 A dollar amount equal to 100% of the principal amount of the
Note issued to such Purchaser at each closing.

3

Section 3. [Reserved].

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Notes
without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Notes issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant does not require registration under the Securities Act.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Notes issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling
such Notes or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered
or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) [Reserved].

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Notes, and in case of loss,
theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the
posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and
deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

4

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) [Reserved].

e) CFIUS.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, at no time shall the Holder (a) be given rights that would allow it to control the Company;
(b) have access to any material nonpublic technical information in the possession of the Company; (c) have the right to appoint any member
or observer to the board of directors of the Company; or (d) be involved, other than through voting of shares, in the Companys
substantive decision making regarding (i) the use, development, acquisition, safekeeping, or release of sensitive personal data of U.S.
citizens that the Company maintains or collects; (ii) the use, development, acquisition, or release of critical technologies; or (iii)
the management, operation, manufacture, or supply of covered investment critical infrastructure, to the extent the Company at any time
owns, operates, provides goods or service, or otherwise becomes involved in covered investment critical infrastructure. The terms in this
paragraph are defined as they are defined in Section 721 of the U.S. Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended, and the regulations at
31 C.F.R Part 800, as they may be amended from time to time.

f) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of
laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of this Warrant shall
be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, State of Delaware (the Courts).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Courts, or such Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in
any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions
of this Warrant, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Notes acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, will have restrictions upon resale
imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h) Nonwaiver.
No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right
or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.

a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at the address set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided
by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier
service addressed to each Holder at the email address set forth on the signature page to the Purchase Agreement of such Holder.

5

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Notes,
and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price
of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to seek
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any
loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in
any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any permitted Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by such Holder or holder of Notes.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

By: 

Name: Matthias Aydt

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Incremental
Warrant]

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: faraday
future intelligent electric inc.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase a Note in the aggregate
principal amount of $________ pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full.

(2) The undersigned shall pay the aggregate Exercise Price in
the sum of $___________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the attached Warrant.

(3) Please issue said Note in the name of the undersigned or in
such other name as is specified below:

The Note shall be delivered to the following address:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____] all
of or [_______] of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to _______________________________________________
whose address is _______________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF NOTE

(See Attached)

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

(See Attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex4-3_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF UNSECURED NOTE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

FORM OF SENIOR UNSECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITY
REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES. ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING SECTIONS 3(c)(iii) AND 19(a)
HEREOF. THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN
THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(c)(iii) OF THIS NOTE.

Faraday
Future Intelligent Electric, Inc.

Senior
Unsecured Convertible Note

Issuance Date: []

Original Principal Amount: U.S. $[]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
Faraday Future Intelligent Electric, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of [PURCHASER] or its registered assigns (Holder)
the amount set forth above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion
or otherwise, the Principal) when due, whether upon the Maturity Date, or upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise
(in each case in accordance with the terms hereof) and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at
the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date set forth above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date)
until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or upon acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each
case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Unsecured Convertible Note (including all Unsecured Convertible Notes issued in exchange,
transfer or replacement hereof, this Note, together with the Other Notes (as defined below), collectively, the Notes)
was issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (the Subscription Date), by
and among the Company and the purchasers (the Buyers) referred to therein (as amended from time to time, the Securities
Purchase Agreement). As used herein, the term Other Notes shall mean the Unsecured Convertible Notes other
than this Note issued to a Purchaser pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined
in Section 32.

1. PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal,
accrued and unpaid Interest on such Principal and Interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges (as defined in Section 25(c)). Other than
as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding Principal and accrued, unpaid Interest
or accrued and unpaid Late Charges on Principal and Interest, if any.

2. INTEREST;
INTEREST RATE.

(a) Interest
on this Note shall commence accruing on the Issuance Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day months
and shall be payable on a Conversion Date with respect to the Conversion Amount being converted on such Conversion Date, with any remaining
accrued and unpaid Interest payable on the Maturity Date (each, an Interest Date). Interest shall be payable on each
Interest Date, to the record holder of this Note on the applicable Interest Date, in shares of Common Stock (Interest Shares)
so long as there has been no Equity Conditions Failure; provided however, that the Company may, at its option following notice to the
Holder, pay Interest on any Interest Date in cash (Cash Interest) or in a combination of Cash Interest and Interest
Shares. The Company shall deliver a written notice (each, an Interest Election Notice) to each holder of the Notes
on or prior to the Trading Day immediately prior to such applicable Interest Date (the date such notice is delivered to all of the holder,
the Interest Election Notice Date) which notice (i) either (A) confirms that Interest to be paid on such Interest
Date shall be paid entirely in Interest Shares or (B) elects to pay Interest as Cash Interest or a combination of Cash Interest and Interest
Shares and specifies the amount of Interest that shall be paid as Cash Interest and the amount of Interest, if any, that shall be paid
in Interest Shares and (ii) certifies that there has been no Equity Conditions Failure. If an Equity Conditions Failure has occurred as
of the Interest Election Notice Date, then unless the Company has elected to pay such Interest as Cash Interest, the Interest Election
Notice shall indicate that unless the Holder waives the Equity Conditions Failure, the Interest shall be paid as Cash Interest. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if no Equity Conditions Failure has occurred as of the Interest Election Notice Date but an Equity Conditions
Failure occurs at any time prior to the Interest Date, (A) the Company shall provide the Holder a subsequent notice to that effect and
(B) unless the Holder waives the Equity Conditions Failure, the Interest shall be paid in cash. Interest to be paid on an Interest Date
in Interest Shares shall be paid in a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares (rounded to the nearest whole share in accordance
with Section 3(a)) of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (1) the amount of Interest payable on such Interest Date less any Cash Interest
paid and (2) the Alternate Conversion Price in effect on the applicable Interest Date.

(b) When
any Interest Shares are to be paid on an Interest Date, the Company shall (i) (A) provided that the Companys transfer agent (the
Transfer Agent) is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer Program, credit such aggregate number of Interest Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holders or its designees
balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system, or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the
DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver on the applicable Interest Date, to the address set forth in the register
maintained by the Company for such purpose pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement or to such address as specified by the Holder
in writing to the Company at least two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Interest Date, a certificate, registered in the name
of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Interest Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled and (ii) with respect to each Interest
Date, pay to the Holder, in cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the amount of any Cash Interest.

2

(c) Prior
to the payment of Interest on an Interest Date, Interest on this Note shall accrue at the Interest Rate and be payable by way of inclusion
of the Interest in the Conversion Amount on each Conversion Date in accordance with Section 3(b)(i)
or upon any redemption in accordance with Section 12 or any required payment upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default. From and after the
occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Interest Rate shall automatically be increased to eighteen percent
(18.0%) per annum (the Default Rate). In the event that such Event of Default is subsequently cured (and no other
Event of Default then exists, including, without limitation, for the Companys failure to pay such Interest at the Default Rate
on the applicable Interest Date), the adjustment referred to in the preceding sentence shall cease to be effective as of the calendar
day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the Interest as calculated and unpaid at such increased rate during the
continuance of such Event of Default shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after the occurrence of such Event of
Default through and including the date of such cure of such Event of Default.

3. CONVERSION
OF NOTES. At any time after the Issuance Date, this Note shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Common Stock (as defined below), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

(a) Conversion
Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 3(d), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be
entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as defined below) into validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 3(c), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The Company
shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction
of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest whole share. The Company
shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses
of the Transfer Agent (as defined below)) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion
of any Conversion Amount.

(b) Conversion
Rate. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be determined
by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate).

3

(i) Conversion
Amount means 108.00% of the portion of the (i) Principal, (ii) Interest, (iii) accrued and unpaid Late Charges with respect
to such Principal of this Note and Interest and (iv) other amounts outstanding under this Note to be converted, redeemed or otherwise
with respect to which this determination is being made.

(ii) Conversion
Price shall mean, subject to adjustment as provided herein, the lower of:

(1)
Initially, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination,
$1.29;

(2) Following
the Fourth Closing, 100% of the Closing Bid Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Fourth Closing;

(3) Following
the effective date of the Registration Statement, 100% of the Closing Bid Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the effective
date of the Registration Statement; and

(4) Following
the receipt of the Stockholder Approval, 100% of the Closing Bid Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the receipt of Stockholder
Approval.

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Optional
Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the
Holder shall deliver (whether via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a
copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (each, a Conversion Notice)
to the Company. If required by Section 3(c)(iii), within two (2) Trading Days following a conversion of this Note as aforesaid,
the Holder shall surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification
undertaking with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction as contemplated by Section 19(b)). On or before
the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received a Conversion Notice (or such earlier date as required
pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion
Date of such shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share Delivery Deadline), the
Company shall (1) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST),
credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holders
or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (2) if the Transfer Agent is not
participating in FAST, upon the request of the Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified
in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock
to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion. If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion pursuant to Section
3(c)(iii) and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then
the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than one (1) Business Day after receipt of this Note and at its own expense,
issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) representing the outstanding Principal
not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated
for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date.

4

(ii) Companys
Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery
Deadline, if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share
register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee
with DTC for such number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion of this Note (as
the case may be) (a Conversion Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (1) the
Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after such Share Delivery Deadline that the issuance of such shares of Common Stock
is not timely effected an amount equal to 1% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to the Holder
on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline and to which the Holder is entitled, multiplied by (B) any trading price of the Common Stock
selected by the Holder in writing as in effect at any time during the period beginning on the applicable Conversion Date and ending on
the applicable Share Delivery Deadline and (2) the Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion Notice with respect
to, and retain or have returned (as the case may be) any portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion
Notice, provided that the voiding of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have
accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 3(c)(ii) or otherwise. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior
to the Share Delivery Deadline if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to the
Holder (or its designee) a certificate and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register or, if the Transfer
Agent is participating in FAST, the Transfer Agent shall fail to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee
with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder or pursuant
to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (II) below, and if on or after such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder acquires (in
an open market transaction, stock loan or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that the Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company
in connection with such Conversion Failure (a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder,
the Company shall, within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either:
(I) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, stock loan
costs and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so acquired (including, without limitation, by any other
Person in respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation
to so issue and deliver such certificate (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) or credit the balance account of such Holder or such
Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders
conversion hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) shall terminate, or (II) promptly honor its obligation
to so issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such shares of Common Stock or credit the balance account
of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is
entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess
(if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (x) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the lowest Closing Sale Price
of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice and ending on the
date of such issuance and payment under this clause (II) (the Buy-In Payment Amount). Nothing shall limit the Holders
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of
Common Stock (or to electronically deliver such shares of Common Stock) upon the conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

5

(iii) Registration;
Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses
of the holders of each Note and the principal amount of the Notes held by such holders (the Registered Notes). The
entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the holders of the Notes
shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes (including, without limitation,
the right to receive payments of Principal and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered Note may be assigned,
transferred or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its receipt of a written
request to assign, transfer or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the holder thereof, the Company shall record the information
contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate principal amount as the principal amount
of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 19, provided that if the Company
does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within two (2) Business
Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case
may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 3, following conversion of any portion of this Note
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the
full Conversion Amount represented by this Note is being converted (in which event this Note shall be delivered to the Company following
conversion thereof as contemplated by Section 3(c)(i)) or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which
notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and
the Company shall maintain records showing the Principal, Interest and Late Charges converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the
dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder
and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to
record such Principal, Interest and Late Charges converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or
payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business Days of such occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated
to reflect such occurrence.

(iv) Pro
Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one holder of Notes for the same
Conversion Date and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such portions of the Notes submitted for conversion, the Company, subject
to Section 3(d), shall convert from each holder of Notes electing to have Notes converted on such date a pro rata amount of such
holders portion of its Notes submitted for conversion based on the principal amount of Notes submitted for conversion on such date
by such holder relative to the aggregate principal amount of all Notes submitted for conversion on such date. In the event of a dispute
as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion of this Note, the Company shall issue
to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 24.

(v) In
the event that the Conversion Price is lower than the Floor Price then in effect on the date of any conversion, the Conversion Price shall
be equal to the Floor Price then in effect. In addition, the Company shall also either (i) deliver to the Holder the applicable Alternate
Conversion Floor Amount in cash in immediately available funds or (ii) increase the then outstanding Principal amount by the applicable
Alternate Conversion Floor Amount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section (3)(c)(i), but subject to Section (3)(d)(i), until
the Company delivers shares of Common Stock representing the applicable Conversion Amount to the Holder, such Conversion Amount may be
converted by the Holder into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section (3)(c)(i) without regard to this Section (3)(c)(v).

6

(d) Limitations
on Conversions.

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Company shall not effect the conversion of any portion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this Note pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Note and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated
as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively
would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by the Holder and all other
Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which the determination
of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining,
nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible notes
or convertible preferred stock or warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 3(d)(i). For purposes of this Section 3(d)(i),
beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For purposes of determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock the Holder may acquire upon the conversion of this Note without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, the Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (z) any other written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent, if any, setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number). If the Company receives a Conversion
Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share
Number, the Company shall notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that
such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause the Holders beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 3(d)(i),
to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant
to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1)
Business Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder and any other Attribution Party since the date as of which the Reported
Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion of this
Note results in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum
Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares
so issued by which the Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage
(the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder shall not have
the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written notice to the Company, the Holder may from time to time
increase (with such increase not effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after delivery of such notice) or decrease the
Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% as specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in
the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company
and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to the Holder and the other Attribution Parties and not to any other holder of
Notes that is not an Attribution Party of the Holder. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms
of this Note in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder for any purpose including
for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act. No prior inability to convert this Note pursuant to this paragraph
shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of convertibility.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 3(d)(i) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 3(d)(i) or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall
apply to a successor holder of this Note.

7

(ii) Principal
Market Regulation The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note or otherwise pursuant to the
terms of this Note if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which the
Company may issue upon conversion of the Notes or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Note (as the case may be) without breaching
the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market (the number of shares which may be issued without
violating such rules and regulations, including rules related to the aggregate of offerings under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(d), the Exchange
Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company (A) obtains the approval of its stockholders
as required by the applicable rules of the Principal Market for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount or (B) obtains
a written opinion from counsel to the Company that such approval is not required, which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the
Holder. Until such approval or such written opinion is obtained, no Buyer shall be issued in the aggregate, upon conversion or exercise
(as the case may be) of any Notes or otherwise pursuant to the terms of the Notes, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the
product of (i) the Exchange Cap as of the Signing Date multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (1) the original principal amount of Notes issued
to such Buyer pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on each Closing Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) divided
by (2) the aggregate original principal amount of all Notes issued to the Buyers pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement on each
Closing Date (with respect to each Buyer, the Exchange Cap Allocation). In the event that any Buyer shall sell or
otherwise transfer any of such Buyers Notes, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Buyers Exchange
Cap Allocation with respect to such portion of such Notes so transferred, and the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such
transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation so allocated to such transferee. Upon conversion in full of a holders
Notes, the difference (if any) between such holders Exchange Cap Allocation and the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued
to such holder upon such holders conversion in full of such Notes shall be allocated, to the respective Exchange Cap Allocations
of the remaining holders of Notes on a pro rata basis in proportion to the shares of Common Stock underlying the Notes then held by each
such holder of Notes.

(iii) Insufficient
Shares. The Company is not obligated to effect the conversion of any portion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right
to convert any portion of this Note pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Note and any such conversion shall be null and void and
treated as if never made, if the Company does not have sufficient authorized but unissued and unreserved shares available for such conversion.

(e) Right
of Alternate Conversion.

(i) General.

(1) Alternate
Optional Conversion. Subject to Section 3(d), at any time, at the option of the Holder,
the Holder may convert (each, an Alternate Optional Conversion, and the date of such Alternate Optional Conversion,
an Alternate Optional Conversion Date) all, or any part, of this Note into shares of Common Stock (such portion of
the Conversion Amount subject to such Alternate Optional Conversion, the Alternate Optional Conversion Amount) at
the Alternate Conversion Price.

(2) Alternate
Conversion Upon an Event of Default. Subject to Section 3(d), at any time after the occurrence
of an Event of Default (regardless of whether such Event of Default has been cured, or if the Company has delivered an Event of Default
Notice to the Holder or if the Holder has delivered an Event of Default Redemption Notice to the Company or otherwise notified the Company
that an Event of Default has occurred), the Holder may, at the Holders option, convert (each, an Alternate Event of Default
Conversion and together with each Alternate Optional Conversion, each, an Alternate Conversion, and the
date of such Alternate Event of Default Conversion, each, an Alternate Event of Default Conversion Date, and together
with each Alternate Optional Conversion Date, each, an Alternate Conversion Date) all, or any part of, the Conversion
Amount (such portion of the Conversion Amount subject to such Alternate Conversion, the Alternate Event of Default Conversion
Amount and together with each Alternate Optional Conversion Amount, each, an Alternate Conversion Amount)
into shares of Common Stock at the Alternate Conversion Price.

8

(ii) Mechanics
of Alternate Conversion. On any Alternate Conversion Date, the Holder may voluntarily convert any Alternate Conversion Amount pursuant
to Section 3(c) (with Alternate Conversion Price replacing Conversion
Price for all purposes hereunder with respect to such Alternate Conversion and, solely with respect to the calculation of the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount in an Alternate Event of Default Conversion, with Redemption
Premium of the Conversion Amount replacing Conversion Amount in clause (x) of the definition of Conversion Rate above
with respect to such Alternate Conversion) by designating in the Conversion Notice delivered pursuant to this Section 3(e)
of this Note that the Holder is electing to use the Alternate Conversion Price for such conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 3(e), but subject to Section 3(d),
until the Company delivers shares of Common Stock representing the applicable Alternate Conversion Amount to the Holder, such Alternate
Conversion Amount may be converted by the Holder into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 3(c)
without regard to this Section 3(e). In the event of an Alternate Conversion pursuant
to this Section 3(e) of all, or any portion, of this Note, the Holders damages
would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty
of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this
Section 3(e), together the Alternate Conversion Price used in such Alternate Conversion,
as applicable, is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of, the Holders actual loss of its
investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

4. RIGHTS
UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.

(a) Event
of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default and each of the events in clauses
(vii), (viii) and (ix) shall constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

(i) the
suspension from trading or the failure of the Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on an Eligible Market for a period
of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days;

(ii) the
Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure with respect to an aggregate value in excess of $2,000,000 (value being calculated
based on the greater of (x) the Conversion Amount converted and (y) the then market price of the Common Stock) by delivery of the required
number of shares of Common Stock within ten (10) Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date or exercise date (as the case may be)
or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder of the Notes, including, without limitation, by way of public announcement or through any
of its agents, at any time, of its intention not to comply, as required, with a request for conversion of any Notes into shares of Common
Stock that is requested in accordance with the provisions of the Notes, other than pursuant to Section 3(d);

(iii) except
to the extent the Company is in compliance with Section 10(b) below, at any time following the tenth (10th) consecutive
day that the Holders Authorized Share Allocation (as defined in Section 10(a) below) is less than the sum of the number of
shares of Common Stock that the Holder would be entitled to receive upon a conversion of the full Conversion Amount of this Note (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in Section 3(d) or otherwise);

9

(iv) the
Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Interest, Late Charges or other amounts
when and as due under this Note (including, without limitation, the Companys or any Subsidiarys failure to pay any redemption
payments or amounts hereunder) or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) or any other agreement,
document, certificate or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except, in the
case of a failure to pay Interest and Late Charges when and as due, in which case only if such failure remains uncured for a period of
at least two (2) Trading Days;

(v) the
Company fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of
this Note with an aggregate value in excess of $2,000,000 (value being calculated based on the greater of (x) the Conversion Amount converted
and (y) the then market price of the Common Stock) as and when required hereunder or pursuant to any other Transaction Document (as defined
in the Securities Purchase Agreement), unless otherwise then prohibited by applicable federal securities laws, and any such failure remains
uncured for at least two (2) days;

(vi) the
occurrence of any default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of at least an aggregate of $1,500,000 of Indebtedness
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than with respect to any Other Notes;

(vii) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within
thirty (30) days of their initiation;

(viii) the
commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent
by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission
by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company or any
Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure
sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

10

(ix) the
entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary
or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving
as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company
or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing
a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order,
judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period
of thirty (30) consecutive days;

(x) a
final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $1,500,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any of
its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending
appeal, or are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered
by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $1,500,000 amount set forth above so
long as the Company provides the Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such
Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such
judgment;

(xi) the
Company and/or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, either (i) fails to pay, when due, or within any applicable grace period,
any payment with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of $1,500,000 due to any third party (other than, with respect to unsecured Indebtedness
only, payments contested by the Company and/or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) in good faith by proper proceedings and with respect
to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP) or is otherwise in breach or violation
of any agreement for monies owed or owing in an amount in excess of $1,500,000, which breach or violation permits the other party thereto
to declare a default or otherwise accelerate amounts due thereunder, or (ii) suffer to exist any other circumstance or event that would,
with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice, result in a default or event of default under any agreement binding the Company
or any Subsidiary, which default or event of default would or is likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, operations
(including results thereof), liabilities, properties, condition (including financial condition) or prospects of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate;

11

(xii) other
than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 4(a), the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any representation
or warranty, in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which
may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document or any Financing Document (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other term or condition that is curable,
only if such breach remains uncured for a period of two (2) consecutive Trading Days;

(xiii) a
false or inaccurate certification (including a false or inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company that either (A) the Equity Conditions
are satisfied, (B) there has been no Equity Conditions Failure, or (C) as to whether any Event of Default has occurred;

(xiv) any
breach or failure in any respect by the Company or any Subsidiary to comply with any provision of Section 14 of this Note;

(xv) (i)
institution of any steps by any Person to terminate a Pension Plan (as defined in the Existing Senior Secured Notes) if as a result of
such termination the Company or any Subsidiary or any member of the Controlled Group (as defined in the Existing Senior Secured Notes)
could reasonably be expected to be required to make a contribution to such Pension Plan, or could reasonably be expected to incur a liability
or obligation to such Pension Plan, in either case in excess of $1,500,000, (ii) a contribution failure occurs with respect to any Pension
Plan sufficient to give rise to a Lien under ERISA (as defined in the Existing Senior Secured Notes) or the code (as defined in the Existing
Senior Secured Notes), or (iii) there shall occur any withdrawal or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan (as defined in the Existing
Senior Secured Notes) and the withdrawal liability (without unaccrued interest) to Multiemployer Plans as a result of such withdrawal
(including any outstanding withdrawal liability that the Company or any member of the Controlled Group have incurred on the date of such
withdrawal) exceeds $1,500,000;

(xvi) any
provision of any Transaction Document or any Financing Documents shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express
terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the parties thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof
shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority
having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or the Company or any Subsidiary
shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Transaction Document or any Financing
Documents; or

(xvii) any
material provision of any Financing Document shall at any time for any reason cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against
the Company or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the
Company or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof;

12

(xviii) any
Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes) occurs with respect to any Other Notes.

(b) Notice
of an Event of Default; Redemption Right. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note or any Other Note,
the Company shall within one (1) Business Day deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day
delivery specified) (an Event of Default Notice) to the Holder. At any time after the earlier of the Holders
receipt of an Event of Default Notice and the Holder becoming aware of an Event of Default (such earlier date, the Event of
Default Right Commencement Date) and ending (such ending date, the Event of Default Right Expiration Date,
and each such period, an Event of Default Redemption Right Period) on the twentieth (20th) Trading Day
after the later of (x) the date such Event of Default is cured and (y) the Holders receipt of an Event of Default Notice that includes
(I) a reasonable description of the applicable Event of Default, (II) a certification as to whether, in the opinion of the Company, such
Event of Default is capable of being cured and, if applicable, a reasonable description of any existing plans of the Company to cure such
Event of Default and (III) a certification as to the date the Event of Default occurred and, if cured on or prior to the date of such
Event of Default Notice, the applicable Event of Default Right Expiration Date, the Holder may require the Company to redeem (regardless
of whether such Event of Default has been cured on or prior to the Event of Default Right Expiration Date) all or any portion of this
Note by delivering written notice thereof (the Event of Default Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Event of
Default Redemption Notice shall indicate the portion of this Note the Holder is electing to redeem. Each portion of this Note subject
to redemption by the Company pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be redeemed by the Company at a price equal to the greater of (i)
the product of (A) the Conversion Amount to be redeemed multiplied by (B) the Redemption Premium and (ii) the product of (X) the Conversion
Rate with respect to the Conversion Amount in effect at such time as the Holder delivers an Event of Default Redemption Notice multiplied
by (Y) the product of (1) the Redemption Premium multiplied by (2) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading
Day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such Event of Default and ending on the date the Company makes the
entire payment required to be made under this Section 4(b) (the Event of Default Redemption Price). Redemptions
required by this Section 4(b) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11. To the extent redemptions required
by this Section 4(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the Company,
such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(b), but subject
to Section 3(d), until the Event of Default Redemption Price (together with any Late Charges thereon) is paid in full, the Conversion
Amount submitted for redemption under this Section 4(b) (together with any Late Charges thereon) may be converted, in whole or in
part, by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this Note. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion
of this Note under this Section 4(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties
inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for
the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 4(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed,
a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. Any redemption upon an Event
of Default shall not constitute an election of remedies by the Holder, and all other rights and remedies of the Holder shall be preserved.

13

(c) Mandatory
Redemption upon Bankruptcy Event of Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and notwithstanding any conversion that
is then required or in process, upon any Bankruptcy Event of Default, whether occurring prior to or following the Maturity Date, the Company
shall immediately pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing (i) all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest and accrued
and unpaid Late Charges on such Principal and Interest, multiplied by (ii) the Redemption Premium, in addition to any and all other amounts
due hereunder, without the requirement for any notice or demand or other action by the Holder or any other person or entity, provided
that the Holder may, in its sole discretion, waive such right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Event of Default, in whole or in part,
and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights of the Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy
Event of Default, any right to conversion, and any right to payment of the Event of Default Redemption Price or any other Redemption Price,
as applicable.

5. RIGHTS
UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.

(a) Assumption.
The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity assumes in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section
5(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, including agreements to deliver to each holder of Notes in exchange for such Notes a security of the Successor Entity evidenced
by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Notes, including, without limitation, having a principal amount
and interest rate equal to the principal amounts then outstanding and the interest rates of the Notes held by such holder, having similar
conversion rights as the Notes and having similar ranking and security to the Notes, and satisfactory to the Holder and (ii) the
Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading
on an Eligible Market. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for
(so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the
Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon conversion or redemption of this Note at any time after the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable
under Sections 6 and 16, which shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the conversion or redemption of the
Notes prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of the publicly traded common stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity
(including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction
had this Note been converted immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of
this Note), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole
option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 5(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the
assumption of this Note. The provisions of this Section 5 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions
and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note.

14

(b) Notice
of a Change of Control; Redemption Right. No sooner than twenty (20) Trading Days nor later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the
consummation of a Change of Control (the Change of Control Date), but not prior to the public announcement of such
Change of Control, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to the Holder (a Change
of Control Notice). At any time during the period beginning after the Holders receipt of a Change of Control Notice
or the Holder becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to the Holder in accordance with the
immediately preceding sentence (as applicable) and ending on twenty (20) Trading Days after the later of (A) the date of consummation
of such Change of Control or (B) the date of receipt of such Change of Control Notice or (C) the date of the announcement of such Change
of Control, the Holder may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (Change
of Control Redemption Notice) to the Company, which Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the Conversion Amount
the Holder is electing to redeem. The portion of this Note subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 5 shall be redeemed by
the Company in cash at a price equal to the greatest of (i) the product of (w) the Change of Control Redemption Premium multiplied by
(y) the Conversion Amount being redeemed, (ii) the product of (x) the Change of Control Redemption Premium multiplied by (y) the product
of (A) the Conversion Amount being redeemed multiplied by (B) the quotient determined by dividing (I) the greatest Closing Sale Price
of the shares of Common Stock during the period beginning on the date immediately preceding the earlier to occur of (1) the consummation
of the applicable Change of Control and (2) the public announcement of such Change of Control and ending on the date the Holder delivers
the Change of Control Redemption Notice by (II) the Conversion Price then in effect and (iii) the product of (y) the Change of Control
Redemption Premium multiplied by (z) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount being redeemed multiplied by (B) the quotient of (I) the
aggregate cash consideration and the aggregate cash value of any non-cash consideration per share of Common Stock to be paid to the holders
of the shares of Common Stock upon consummation of such Change of Control (any such non-cash consideration constituting publicly-traded
securities shall be valued at the highest of the Closing Sale Price of such securities as of the Trading Day immediately prior to the
consummation of such Change of Control, the Closing Sale Price of such securities on the Trading Day immediately following the public
announcement of such proposed Change of Control and the Closing Sale Price of such securities on the Trading Day immediately prior to
the public announcement of such proposed Change of Control) divided by (II) the Conversion Price then in effect (the Change
of Control Redemption Price). Redemptions required by this Section 5 shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
Section 11 and shall have priority to payments to stockholders in connection with such Change of Control. To the extent redemptions
required by this Section 5(b) are deemed or determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prepayments of this Note by the
Company, such redemptions shall be deemed to be voluntary prepayments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5,
but subject to Section 3(d), until the Change of Control Redemption Price (together with any Late Charges thereon) is paid in full,
the Conversion Amount submitted for redemption under this Section 5(b) (together with any Late Charges thereon) may be converted,
in whole or in part, by the Holder into Common Stock pursuant to Section 3. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion
of this Note under this Section 5(b), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties
inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for
the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 5(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed,
a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

6. RIGHTS
UPON ISSUANCE OF PURCHASE RIGHTS AND OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS.

(a) Purchase
Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Sections 7 or 16 below, if at any time the Company grants, issues or
sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to all or substantially
all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the
Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without taking into account any
limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note and assuming for such purpose that the Note was converted at the Alternate
Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) immediately prior to the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or
sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to
be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to the extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be
entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to the extent
of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date,
maturity date or other similar provision, such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable) for the
benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution
Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted,
issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right held similarly in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right
has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar provision, such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance,
if applicable)) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

15

(b) Other
Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental
Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or
in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure
that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holders option (i) in addition
to the shares of Common Stock receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled
with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of Common Stock been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate
Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the shares of
Common Stock otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of shares of Common Stock
in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this
Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to shares of Common Stock) at a conversion
rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Rate. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form
and substance satisfactory to the Holder. The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate
Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of this Note.

7. RIGHTS
UPON ISSUANCE OF OTHER SECURITIES.

(a) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Subscription Date the Company grants, issues or
sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell), or in accordance with this Section 7(a) is deemed to have granted,
issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including the granting, issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held by or for
the account of the Company, but excluding any Excluded Securities granted, issued or sold or deemed to have been granted, issued or sold)
for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect
immediately prior to such granting, issuance or sale or deemed granting, issuance or sale (such Conversion Price then in effect is referred
to herein as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then, immediately after
such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be adjusted (downward only) to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price.
For all purposes of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Conversion Price and the New Issuance Price
under this Section 7(a)), the following shall be applicable:

16

(i) Issuance
of Options. If the Company in any manner grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell) any Options
and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or upon
conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the
terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued
and sold by the Company at the time of the granting, issuance or sale of such Option for such price per share. For purposes of this Section
7(a)(i),
the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such Option or
upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to
the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable
by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting, issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such
Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant
to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest exercise price set forth in such Option for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may
become issuable assuming all possible market conditions) upon the exercise of any such Options or upon conversion, exercise or exchange
of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, minus (2) the sum
of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or any other Person) with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the
granting, issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security
issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof plus the value of any other consideration (including,
without limitation, consideration consisting of cash, debt forgiveness, assets or any other property) received or receivable by, or benefit
conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price
shall be made upon the actual issuance of such share of Common Stock or of such Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such Options
or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof or upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange
of such Convertible Securities.

(ii) Issuance
of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any manner issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to issue or sell) any Convertible
Securities and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion, exercise or
exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be
deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale (or the time of execution
of such agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes of this Section
7(a)(ii), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest
amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or
sale (or pursuant to the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of the Convertible Security and upon conversion, exercise or exchange
of such Convertible Security or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest conversion price set forth in such Convertible
Security for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable assuming all possible market conditions) upon conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder
of such Convertible Security (or any other Person) with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the issuance or sale (or the agreement
to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration received or receivable (including,
without limitation, any consideration consisting of cash, debt forgiveness, assets or other property) by, or benefit conferred on, the
holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price
shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Securities
or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, and if any such issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities is made upon exercise of any
Options for which adjustment of the Conversion Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other provisions of this Section 7(a),
except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made by reason of such issuance or sale.

17

(iii) Change
in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration,
if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible Securities
are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than proportional
changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 7(b) below), the Conversion
Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been in effect at
such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase price, additional consideration
or increased or decreased conversion rate (as the case may be) at the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes of this Section
7(a)(i), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (including, without limitation, any Option or Convertible Security
that was outstanding as of the Subscription Date) are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence,
then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange thereof
shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 7(a)
shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in effect.

(iv) Calculation
of Consideration Received. If any Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right is issued in connection with the issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (as determined by the Holder, the Primary Security,
and such Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right, the Secondary Securities), together comprising
one integrated transaction (or one or more transactions if such issuances or sales or deemed issuances or sales of securities of the Company
either (A) have at least one investor or purchaser in common, (B) are consummated in reasonable proximity to each other and/or (C) are
consummated under the same plan of financing), the aggregate consideration per share of Common Stock with respect to such Primary Security
shall be deemed to be equal to the difference of (x) the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock was issued (or was
deemed to be issued pursuant to Section 7(a)(i) or 7(a)(ii) above, as applicable) in such integrated transaction solely with
respect to such Primary Security, minus (y) with respect to such Secondary Securities, the sum of (I) the Black Scholes Consideration
Value of each such Option, if any, (II) the fair market value (as determined by the Holder in good faith) or the Black Scholes Consideration
Value, as applicable, of such Adjustment Right, if any, and (III) the fair market value (as determined by the Holder) of such Convertible
Security, if any, in each case, as determined on a per share basis in accordance with this Section 7(a)(iv). If any shares of Common
Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration received
therefor (for the purpose of determining the consideration paid for such Common Stock, Option or Convertible Security, but not for the
purpose of the calculation of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be deemed to be the net amount of consideration received by
the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a consideration other than
cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company (for the purpose of determining the consideration paid for such Common
Stock, Option or Convertible Security, but not for the purpose of the calculation of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be the
fair value of such consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of
consideration received by the Company for such securities will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the
five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are
issued to the owners of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount
of consideration therefor (for the purpose of determining the consideration paid for such Common Stock, Option or Convertible Security,
but not for the purpose of the calculation of the Black Scholes Consideration Value) will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion
of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities
(as the case may be). The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by
the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring
valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Trading
Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the
Company and the Holder. The determination of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the
fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

18

(v) Record
Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive a dividend
or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase shares
of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale of the
shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(b) Adjustment
of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. Without limiting any provision of Section 6, Section
16 or Section 7(a), if the Company at any time on or after the Subscription Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock
dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a greater number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced.
Without limiting any provision of Section 6, Section 16 or Section 7(a), if the Company at any time on or after
the Subscription Date combines (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction)
one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. Any adjustment pursuant to this Section 7(b) shall become effective
immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring an adjustment under this Section 7(b)
occurs during the period that a Conversion Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such Conversion Price shall be adjusted
appropriately to reflect such event.

(c) Holders
Right of Adjusted Conversion Price. In addition to and not in limitation of the other provisions of this Section 7, if the Company
in any manner issues or sells or enters into any agreement to issue or sell, any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (any
such securities, Variable Price Securities), after the Subscription Date that are issuable pursuant to such agreement
or convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock at a price which varies or may vary with the market price
of the shares of Common Stock, including by way of one or more reset(s) to a fixed price, but exclusive of such formulations reflecting
customary anti-dilution provisions (such as share splits, share combinations, share dividends and similar transactions) (each of the formulations
for such variable price being herein referred to as, the Variable Price), the Company shall provide written notice
thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to the Holder on the date of such agreement and the issuance of such Common Stock, Convertible
Securities or Options. From and after the date the Company enters into such agreement or issues any such Variable Price Securities, the
Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to substitute the Variable Price for the Conversion Price
upon conversion of this Note by designating in the Conversion Notice delivered upon any conversion of this Note that solely for purposes
of such conversion the Holder is relying on the Variable Price rather than the Conversion Price then in effect. The Holders election
to rely on a Variable Price for a particular conversion of this Note shall not obligate the Holder to rely on a Variable Price for any
future conversion of this Note.

19

(d) Other
Events. In the event that the Company (or any Subsidiary) shall take any action to which the provisions hereof are not strictly applicable,
or, if applicable, would not operate to protect the Holder from dilution or if any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions
of this Section 7 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation
rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Companys board of directors shall in good faith determine
and implement an appropriate adjustment in the Conversion Price so as to protect the rights of the Holder, provided that no such adjustment
pursuant to this Section 7(d) will increase the Conversion Price as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 7, provided
further that if the Holder does not accept such adjustments as appropriately protecting its interests hereunder against such dilution,
then the Companys board of directors and the Holder shall agree, in good faith, upon an independent investment bank of nationally
recognized standing to make such appropriate adjustments, whose determination shall be final and binding absent manifest error and whose
fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company.

(e) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or held by or for the
account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.

(f) Voluntary
Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during the term of
this Note, with the prior written consent of the holders of a majority of the Notes then outstanding (the Required Holders),
reduce the then current Conversion Price of each of the Notes to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board
of directors of the Company.

8. REDEMPTIONS
AT THE COMPANYS ELECTION.

(a) Company
Optional Redemption. At any time no Equity Conditions Failure exists, the Company shall have the right to redeem all, but not less
than all, of the Conversion Amount then remaining under this Note (the Company Optional Redemption Amount) on the
Company Optional Redemption Date (each as defined below) (a Company Optional Redemption). The portion of this Note
subject to redemption pursuant to this Section 8(a) shall be redeemed by the Company in cash
at a price (the Company Optional Redemption Price) equal to the greater of (i) 110% of the Conversion Amount being
redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate with respect to the Conversion Amount
being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date multiplied by (2) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any
Trading Day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such Company Optional Redemption Notice Date and ending on
the Trading Day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire payment required to be made under this Section 8(a).
The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under this Section 8(a) by delivering
a written notice thereof by electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the holders of Notes (the Company
Optional Redemption Notice and the date all of the holders of Notes received such notice is referred to as the Company
Optional Redemption Notice Date). The Company may deliver only one Company Optional Redemption Notice hereunder and such Company
Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable. The Company Optional Redemption Notice shall (x) state the date on which the Company
Optional Redemption shall occur (the Company Optional Redemption Date) which date shall not be less than fifteen
(15) Trading Days nor more than thirty(30) Trading Days following the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date, (y) certify that there
has been no Equity Conditions Failure and (z) state the aggregate Conversion Amount of the Notes which is being redeemed in such Company
Optional Redemption from the Holder and all of the other holders of the Notes pursuant to this Section 8(a)
(and analogous provisions under the Other Notes) on the Company Optional Redemption Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(i) if no Equity Conditions Failure has occurred as of the Company Optional Redemption Notice Date but an Equity Conditions Failure occurs
at any time prior to the Company Optional Redemption Date, (A) the Company shall provide the Holder a subsequent notice to that effect
and (B) unless the Holder waives the Equity Conditions Failure, the Company Optional Redemption shall be cancelled and the applicable
Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be null and void and (ii) at any time prior to the date the Company Optional Redemption Price
is paid, in full, the Company Optional Redemption Amount may be converted, in whole or in part, by the Holder into shares of Common Stock
pursuant to Section 3. All Conversion Amounts converted by the Holder after the Company Optional
Redemption Notice Date shall reduce the Company Optional Redemption Amount of this Note required to be redeemed on the Company Optional
Redemption Date. Redemptions made pursuant to this Section 8(a) shall be made in accordance
with Section 11. In the event of the Companys redemption of any portion of this Note
under this Section 8(a), the Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate
because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute
investment opportunity for the Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 8(a)
is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of the Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity
and not as a penalty. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have no right to effect a Company Optional Redemption if any Event
of Default has occurred and continuing, but any Event of Default shall have no effect upon the Holders right to convert this Note
in its discretion.

20

(b) Pro
Rata Redemption Requirement. If the Company elects to cause a Company Optional Redemption of this Note pursuant to Section 8(a),
then it must simultaneously take the same action with respect to all of the Other Notes.

9. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all times in
good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder of
this Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Note or the other Transaction Documents, the
Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion of this Note above the Conversion
Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this Note. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, if after the sixty (60) calendar day anniversary of the Issuance Date, the Holder is not permitted to convert this Note
in full for any reason (other than pursuant to restrictions set forth in Section 3(d) hereof),
the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents or approvals
as necessary to permit such conversion into shares of Common Stock.

10. RESERVATION
OF AUTHORIZED SHARES.

(a) Reservation.
So long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 125% of the number of shares of Common Stock
as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion, including without limitation, Alternate Conversions, of all of the Notes
then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on conversions and assuming such Notes remain outstanding until the Maturity Date)
at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect (the Required Reserve Amount). The Required Reserve Amount (including,
without limitation, each increase in the number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the Notes based
on the original principal amount of the Notes held by each holder on the Closing Date or increase in the number of reserved shares, as
the case may be (the Authorized Share Allocation). In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any
of such holders Notes, each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation.
Any shares of Common Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Notes shall be allocated to the remaining holders
of Notes, pro rata based on the principal amount of the Notes then held by such holders.

21

(b) Insufficient
Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 10(a), and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the Notes
remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation
to reserve for issuance upon conversion of the Notes at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount
(an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys
authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the Notes then
outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an
Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company
shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection
with such meeting, the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders
approval of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that
they approve such proposal. In the event that the Company is prohibited from issuing shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of this
Note due to the failure by the Company to have sufficient shares of Common Stock available out of the authorized but unissued shares of
Common Stock (such unavailable number of shares of Common Stock, the Authorized Failure Shares), in lieu of delivering
such Authorized Failure Shares to the Holder, the Company shall pay cash in exchange for the redemption of such portion of the Conversion
Amount convertible into such Authorized Failure Shares at a price equal to the sum of (i) the product of (x) such number of Authorized
Failure Shares and (y) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date
the Holder delivers the applicable Conversion Notice with respect to such Authorized Failure Shares to the Company and ending on the date
of such issuance and payment under this Section 10(a); and (ii) to the extent the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction
or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Authorized Failure Shares, any brokerage commissions
and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, of the Holder incurred in connection therewith. Nothing contained in Section 10(a) or this
Section 10(b) shall limit any obligations of the Company under any provision of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

11. [Reserved].

12. REDEMPTIONS.

(a) Mechanics.
The Company shall deliver the applicable Event of Default Redemption Price to the Holder in cash within five (5) Business Days after the
Companys receipt of the Holders Event of Default Redemption Notice. If the Holder has submitted a Change of Control Redemption
Notice in accordance with Section 5(b), the Company shall deliver the applicable Change of Control Redemption Price to the Holder
in cash concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control if such notice is received prior to the consummation of such Change
of Control and within five (5) Business Days after the Companys receipt of such notice otherwise. The Company shall deliver the
applicable Company Optional Redemption Price to the Holder in cash on the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in connection with any redemption hereunder at a time the Holder is entitled to receive a cash payment
under any of the other Transaction Documents, at the option of the Holder delivered in writing to the Company, the applicable Redemption
Price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment owed to the Holder under such other Transaction Document and, upon
payment in full or conversion in accordance herewith, shall satisfy the Companys payment obligation under such other Transaction
Document. In the event of a redemption of less than all of the Conversion Amount of this Note, the Company shall promptly cause to be
issued and delivered to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) representing the outstanding Principal which has
not been redeemed. In the event that the Company does not pay the applicable Redemption Price to the Holder within the time period required,
at any time thereafter and until the Company pays such unpaid Redemption Price in full, the Holder shall have the option, in lieu of redemption,
to require the Company to promptly return to the Holder all or any portion of this Note representing the Conversion Amount that was submitted
for redemption and for which the applicable Redemption Price (together with any Late Charges thereon) has not been paid. Upon the Companys
receipt of such notice, (x) the applicable Redemption Notice shall be null and void with respect to such Conversion Amount, (y) the Company
shall immediately return this Note, or issue a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)), to the Holder, and in each case the principal
amount of this Note or such new Note (as the case may be) shall be increased by an amount equal to the difference between (1) the applicable
Redemption Price (as the case may be, and as adjusted pursuant to this Section 12, if applicable) minus (2) the Principal portion of the
Conversion Amount submitted for redemption and (z) the Conversion Price of this Note or such new Notes (as the case may be) shall be automatically
adjusted with respect to each conversion effected thereafter by the Holder to the lowest of (A) the Conversion Price as in effect on the
date on which the applicable Redemption Notice is voided and (B) greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) the lowest VWAP of the Common
Stock during the five (5) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the applicable Conversion Date (it being understood and
agreed that all such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar
transaction during such period). The Holders delivery of a notice voiding a Redemption Notice and exercise of its rights following
such notice shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments of Late Charges which have accrued prior to the date
of such notice with respect to the Conversion Amount subject to such notice.

22

(b) Redemption
by Other Holders. Upon the Companys receipt of notice from any of the holders of the Other Notes for redemption or repayment
as a result of an event or occurrence substantially similar to the events or occurrences described in Section 4(b) or Section 5(b)
(each, an Other Redemption Notice), the Company shall immediately, but no later than one (1) Business Day of its
receipt thereof, forward to the Holder by facsimile or electronic mail a copy of such notice. If the Company receives a Redemption Notice
and one or more Other Redemption Notices, during the seven (7) Business Day period beginning on and including the date which is two (2)
Business Days prior to the Companys receipt of the Holders applicable Redemption Notice and ending on and including the
date which is two (2) Business Days after the Companys receipt of the Holders applicable Redemption Notice and the Company
is unable to redeem all principal, interest and other amounts designated in such Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption Notices received
during such seven (7) Business Day period, then the Company shall redeem a pro rata amount from each holder of the Notes (including the
Holder) based on the principal amount of the Notes submitted for redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice and such Other Redemption
Notices received by the Company during such seven (7) Business Day period.

13. VOTING
RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law (including, without limitation,
the Delaware General Corporation Law) and as expressly provided in this Note.

14. COVENANTS.
Until all of the Notes have been converted, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance with their terms:

(a) Rank.
All payments due under this Note shall rank (i) pari passu with all Other Notes, (ii) senior to all other unsecured Indebtedness
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than (A) those certain unsecured convertible notes issued on December 31, 2024, January 17,
2025 and January 22, 2025, pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement, dated December 21, 2024, by and among the Company and
the purchasers identified therein; (B) those certain unsecured convertible notes issued on August 29, 2024, pursuant to that certain exchange
agreement, dated August 29, 2024, by and among the Company and the purchasers identified therein; and (C) those certain loan agreements,
dated November 24, 2024, January 2, 2025 and February 14, 2025, that are convertible into unsecured convertible notes.

23

(b) [Reserved].

(c) [Reserved].

(d) Restriction
on Redemption and Cash Dividends. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or
indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its capital stock; provided that the foregoing
shall not restrict or prohibit any Subsidiary from making dividends or distributions, directly or indirectly, to any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), except (i) cashless repurchases of equity interests deemed to occur upon the exercise
of stock options or warrants shall be permitted, and de minimis cash distributions sufficient to pay employment and other taxes associated
with such repurchase shall be permitted, if such equity interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants,
(ii) dividends or distributions payable only in Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company and (iii) the Company may
pay cash in lieu of fractional shares in connection with any exercise of warrants, options, or other securities convertible into or exchangeable
for Capital Stock.

(e) [Reversed].

(f) Change
in Nature of Business. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or
indirectly, engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by or publicly contemplated
to be conducted by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries on the Subscription Date or any business substantially related or incidental
thereto. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, modify its or their
corporate structure or purpose.

(g) Preservation
of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence,
rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes
such qualification necessary.

(h) Maintenance
of Properties, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its
properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and
tear excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is
a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder.

24

(i) Maintenance
of Intellectual Property. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take all action necessary or advisable to
maintain all of the Intellectual Property Rights of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries that are necessary or material to the conduct
of its business in full force and effect.

(j) Maintenance
of Insurance. The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable
insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business interruption
insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering
such risks as is required by any governmental authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance
with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated.

(k) Transactions
with Affiliates. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend or be a party to,
any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property
or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any affiliate involving aggregate consideration in excess of $1,500,000
with respect to all transactions collectively, except (i) transactions in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent
consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms
no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that
is not an affiliate thereof, (ii) employment, severance, benefit, equity award, equity option, and other similar compensation or benefit
plans or arrangements between Holdings (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) and its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and their
respective officers, employees, directors and consultants, on the other hand, in the ordinary course of business, (iii) payment of reasonable
and customary fees and reimbursements of expenses (pursuant to indemnity arrangements or otherwise) of officers, directors, employees
or consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) the issuance of Capital Stock, or dividends or redemptions with respect
thereto, of the Company (other than Disqualified Stock), (v) the issuance of Capital Stock, or dividends or redemptions with respect thereto,
of the Company (other than Disqualified Stock), (vi) all related party transactions described in filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission made prior to the date hereof, (v) licenses of the Companys Intellectual Property Rights for use in consumer products,
(vi) transactions existing on the Closing Date and described on Schedule 14(l) or (vii) as otherwise permitted under the Existing
Senior Secured Notes and the Existing Unsecured Notes.

(l) Restricted
Issuances. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers, (i) issue
any Notes (other than as contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Notes) or (ii) issue any other securities that would
cause a breach or default under the Notes.

25

(m) Stay,
Extension and Usury Laws. To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon,
plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted
or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note; and (B) expressly waives all benefits or advantages of any
such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Holder
by this Note, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

(n) Taxes.
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever (together with any related
interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries or their respective assets or upon
their ownership, possession, use, operation or disposition thereof or upon their rents, receipts or earnings arising therefrom (except
where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries).
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax returns (except where the failure
to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, taxes for which they maintain
adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

(o) Independent
Investigation. At the request of the Holder either (x) at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) upon
the occurrence of an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of Default or (z) at any time the
Holder reasonably believes an Event of Default may have occurred or be continuing, the Company shall hire an independent, reputable investment
bank selected by the Company and approved by the Holder to investigate as to whether any breach of this Note has occurred (the Independent
Investigator). If the Independent Investigator determines that such breach of this Note has occurred, the Independent Investigator
shall notify the Company of such breach and the Company shall deliver written notice to each holder of a Note of such breach. In connection
with such investigation, the Independent Investigator may, during normal business hours, inspect all contracts, books, records, personnel,
offices and other facilities and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the extent available to the Company after the
Company uses reasonable efforts to obtain them, the records of its legal advisors and accountants (including the accountants work
papers) and any books of account, records, reports and other papers not contractually required of the Company to be confidential or secret,
or subject to attorney-client or other evidentiary privilege, and the Independent Investigator may make such copies and inspections thereof
as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall furnish the Independent Investigator with such financial and
operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties of the Company as the Independent Investigator may reasonably
request. The Company shall permit the Independent Investigator to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company with, and
to make proposals and furnish advice with respect thereto to, the Companys officers, directors, key employees and independent public
accountants or any of them (and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss with such Independent Investigator
the finances and affairs of the Company and any Subsidiaries), all at such reasonable times, upon reasonable notice, and as often as may
be reasonably requested.

26

15. [Reserved].

16. DISTRIBUTION
OF ASSETS. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Sections 6(a) or 7, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend
or other distributions of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to any or all holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return
of capital or otherwise (including without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way
of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (the Distributions),
then the Holder will be entitled to such Distributions as if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon
complete conversion of this Note (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note and assuming
for such purpose that the Note was converted at the Alternate Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) immediately prior to
the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common
Stock are to be determined for such Distributions (provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever, as its
right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times
the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent
Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

17. AMENDING
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. Except for Section 3(d), which may not be amended, modified or waived
by the parties hereto, the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) shall be
required for any amendment, modification or waiver to this Note. Any amendment, modification or waiver so approved shall be binding upon
all existing and future holders of this Note and any Other Notes; provided, however, that no such change, waiver or, as applied to any
of the Notes held by any particular holder of Notes, shall, without the written consent of that particular holder, (i) reduce the amount
of Principal, reduce the amount of accrued and unpaid Interest, or extend the Maturity Date, of the Notes, (ii) disproportionally and
adversely affect any rights under the Notes of any holder of Notes; or (iii) modify any of the provisions of, or impair the right of any
holder of Notes under, this Section 17.

18. TRANSFER.
This Note and any shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of this Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder
without the consent of the Company, subject only to the provisions of Section 4.13 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

27

19. REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new
Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii) following
conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal
stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Note (in accordance with Section 19(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 19(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing
in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal
as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be
of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or
in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 19(a) or Section 19(c), the Principal designated by the
Holder which, when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed
the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date,
as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions
as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest and Late Charges on the Principal and Interest of this Note, from the
Issuance Date.

28

20. REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in
addition to all other remedies available under this Note and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree
of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and
consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise,
and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise
by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the documents shall
not be deemed to be an election of Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company covenants to
the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth
or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received
by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance
thereof). No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of the Holder at
law or equity or under this Note or any other document shall not be deemed to be an election of the Holders rights or remedies
under any such other document or at law or equity. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause
irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in
the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific
performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction
in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide
all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Note (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 7).

21. PAYMENT
OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or
is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to
enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings
affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the
Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding,
including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no amounts
due under this Note shall be affected, or limited, by the fact that the purchase price paid for this Note was less than the original Principal
amount hereof.

22. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against
any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine,
feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include
and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which
they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note. Terms used in this Note and
not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other Transaction Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing
Date in such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Holder.

29

23. FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 23 shall permit any waiver
of any provision of Section 3(d).

24. DISPUTE
RESOLUTION.

(a) Submission
to Dispute Resolution.

(i) In
the case of a dispute relating to a Closing Bid Price, a Closing Sale Price, a Conversion Price, an Alternate Conversion Price, a Black
Scholes Consideration Value, a VWAP or a fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of a Conversion Rate, or the applicable Redemption
Price (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company
or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two (2)
Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder at any time after the Holder
learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute relating
to such Closing Bid Price, such Closing Sale Price, such Conversion Price, such Alternate Conversion Price, such Black Scholes Consideration
Value, such VWAP or such fair market value, or the arithmetic calculation of such Conversion Rate or such applicable Redemption Price
(as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder
(as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, select
an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii) The Holder
and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the first sentence of this Section 24 and (B) written documentation supporting
its position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th)
Business Day immediately following the date on which the Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission
Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein
as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company
fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so
submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit
any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall
resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the
Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder or otherwise requested by
such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other
support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

30

(iii) The
Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the Holder
of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses of
such investment bank shall be borne solely by the Company, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final
and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(b) Miscellaneous.
The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 24 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between the Company
and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under Delaware Uniform Arbitration Act, (ii) a dispute relating to a Conversion
Price includes, without limitation, disputes as to (A) whether an issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock occurred
under Section 7(a), (B) the consideration per share at which an issuance or deemed issuance
of Common Stock occurred, (C) whether any issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of Common Stock was an issuance or sale or deemed
issuance or sale of Excluded Securities, (D) whether an agreement, instrument, security or the like constitutes and Option or Convertible
Security and (E) whether a Dilutive Issuance occurred, (iii) the terms of this Note and each other applicable Transaction Document shall
serve as the basis for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled
(and is hereby expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required
to be made by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank
shall apply such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Note and any other applicable Transaction Documents, (iv)
the Holder (and only the Holder), in its sole discretion, shall have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 24
to any state or federal court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 24 and
(v) nothing in this Section 24 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including,
without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 24).

25. NOTICES;
CURRENCY; PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with
Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken
pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting
forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on
which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with
respect to any grant, issuances, or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or
other property to holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction,
dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with
such notice being provided to the Holder.

31

(b) Currency.
All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under
this Note shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar
equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation
to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall
Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference to,
or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

(c) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein,
such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a certified check drawn on the account of the Company and
sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing (which address, in
the case of each of the Buyers, shall initially be as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement),
provided that the Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company
with prior written notice setting out such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to
be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day
which is a Business Day. Any amount of Principal or other amounts due under the Transaction Documents which is not paid when due (except
to the extent such amount is simultaneously accruing Interest at the Default Rate hereunder) shall result in a late charge being incurred
and payable by the Company in an amount equal to interest on such amount at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum from the date
such amount was due until the same is paid in full (Late Charge).

26. CANCELLATION.
After all Principal, accrued Interest, Late Charges and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note
shall automatically be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

27. WAIVER
OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

32

28. GOVERNING
LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any provision
or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions
other than the State of Delaware. Except as otherwise required by Section 24 above, the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, State of Delaware, for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or
proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted
by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing
contained herein (i) shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company
in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations to the Holder, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling
in favor of the Holder or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 24. THE COMPANY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER
OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

29. JUDGMENT
CURRENCY.

(a) If
for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert
into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 29 referred to
as the Judgment Currency) an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Note, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange
Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately preceding:

(i) the
date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(ii) the
date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which
such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 29(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred
to as the Judgment Conversion Date).

(b) If
in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 29(a)(ii)
above, there is a change in the Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount
due, the applicable party shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency,
when converted at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased
with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion
Date.

33

(c) Any
amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Note.

30. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

31. MAXIMUM
PAYMENTS. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess
of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed
the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the
Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

32. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1933
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) 1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c)
Adjustment Right means any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect
to, any issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance with Section 7) of shares of Common Stock (other than rights of
the type described in Section 6(a) hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in connection
with, or with respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other similar
rights).

(d) Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly
or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

34

(e) Alternate
Conversion Floor Amount means an amount in cash, to be delivered by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to
wire instructions delivered to the Company by the Holder in writing, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) higher of (I) the
highest price that the Common Stock trades at on the Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Alternate Conversion Date and (II)
the applicable Alternate Conversion Price and (B) the difference obtained by subtracting (I) the number of shares of Common Stock delivered
(or to be delivered) to the Holder on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline with respect to such Alternate Conversion from (II) the quotient
obtain by dividing (x) the applicable Conversion Amount that the Holder has elected to be the subject of the applicable Alternate Conversion,
by (y) the applicable Alternate Conversion Price without giving effect to clause (x) of such definition.

(f) Alternate
Conversion Price means, with respect to any Alternate Conversion that price which shall be the lower of (i) the applicable
Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable Conversion Date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, and (ii) the greater of (x) the
Floor Price and (y) the lowest of the five (5) VWAPs of the Common Stock during the five (5) consecutive Trading Day period ending and
including the Trading Day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice (such period, the
Alternate Conversion Measuring Period). All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend,
stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during
such Alternate Conversion Measuring Period.

(g)
Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors of the Company
prior to or subsequent to the Subscription Date pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and standard options to purchase Common Stock
may be issued to any employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

(h) Attribution
Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds
or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly managed or advised by the Holders
investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder or any of the foregoing,
(iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other
Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders and the other
Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively
the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(i) Black
Scholes Consideration Value means the value of the applicable Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case
may be) as of the date of issuance thereof calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day
immediately preceding the public announcement of the execution of definitive documents with respect to the issuance of such Option, Convertible
Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be), (ii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period
equal to the remaining term of such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be) as of the date of issuance of
such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be), (iii) a zero cost of borrow and (iv) an expected volatility
equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing
a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the date of issuance of such Option, Convertible Security
or Adjustment Right (as the case may be).

35

(j) Bloomberg
means Bloomberg, L.P.

(k) Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or any of the following exchanges on which the Common Stock is traded and
listed, or any successor(s) thereto, is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading: the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global
Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; or the NYSE American; and any successor to any of the foregoing
markets or exchanges.

(l) [Reserved].

(m) Change
of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct or indirect, wholly-owned
Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the shares of
Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly,
are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to
elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction
of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(n) Change
of Control Redemption Premium means 125%.

(o) Closing
Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and
last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market
begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price (as the case may
be) then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or
last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed
or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of
such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing
bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices,
respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices). If the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price (as the case may be) of such security on such date
shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree
upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 24.
All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or
other similar transactions during such period.

36

(p) Closing
Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, which date is each date the Company issued Notes
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(q) Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(r) [Reserved].

(s) Common
Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital stock into which
such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

(t) Contingent
Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect
to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such
liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or
discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in
whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

(u) Controlled
Group means all members of a group of corporations and all members of a group of trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated)
under common control which, together with the Company, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely
for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, under Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code.

(v) Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

(w) Current
Public Information Failure means if a Registration Statement is not effective for any reason or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for use for any reason, and either (x) the Company fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1)
of the 1933 Act, including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) of
the 1933 Act or (y) the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) of the 1933 Act or becomes such an issuer in the
future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) of the 1933 Act.

(x) Default
Rate means, as applicable, (i) with respect to any Interest paid in cash, fifteen percent (15%) per annum or (ii) with respect
to any Interest paid in shares of Common Stock, eighteen percent (18%) per annum, in each case, as may be adjusted from time to time in
accordance with Section 2.

(y) Eligible
Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or
the Nasdaq Global Market.

37

(z) Equity
Conditions means, with respect to an given date of determination: (i) on each day during the period beginning thirty calendar
days prior to such applicable date of determination and ending on and including such applicable date of determination either (x) one or
more registration statements of the Company (the Registration Statements) shall be effective and the prospectus contained
therein shall be available on such applicable date of determination (with, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares of Common Stock previously
sold pursuant to such prospectus deemed unavailable) for the resale of all shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
event requiring this determination (or issuable upon conversion of the Conversion Amount being redeemed, as applicable, in the event requiring
this determination at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein))
(each, a Required Minimum Securities Amount)) or (y) all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this
Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein) shall be eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Act
without the need for registration under any applicable federal or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on
conversion of the Notes, other issuance of securities with respect to the Notes) and no Current Public Information Failure exists or is
continuing; (ii) on each day during the period beginning thirty calendar days prior to the applicable date of determination and ending
on and including the applicable date of determination (the Equity Conditions Measuring Period), the Common Stock
(including all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations of conversion set forth
herein)) is listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) on an Eligible Market and shall not have been suspended from trading on
an Eligible Market (other than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and occurring prior to the applicable date of determination due
to business announcements by the Company) nor shall delisting or suspension by an Eligible Market have been threatened (with a reasonable
prospect of delisting occurring after giving effect to all applicable notice, appeal, compliance and hearing periods) or reasonably likely
to occur or pending as evidenced by (A) a writing by such Eligible Market or (B) the Company falling below the minimum listing maintenance
requirements of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable); (iii) during
the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company shall have delivered all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note
on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3 hereof and all other shares of capital stock required to be delivered by the Company
on a timely basis as set forth in the other Transaction Documents; (iv) any shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
event requiring determination (or issuable upon conversion of the Conversion Amount being redeemed in the event requiring this determination)
may be issued in full without violating Section 3(d) hereof; (v) any shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event
requiring determination (or issuable upon conversion of the Conversion Amount being redeemed in the event requiring this determination
(without regards to any limitations on conversion set forth herein)) may be issued in full without violating the rules or regulations
of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable); (vi) on each day during the
Equity Conditions Measuring Period, no public announcement of a pending, proposed or intended Fundamental Transaction shall have occurred
which has not been abandoned, terminated or consummated; (vii) the Company shall have no knowledge of any fact that would reasonably be
expected to cause (1) any Registration Statement to not be effective or the prospectus contained therein to not be available for the resale
of the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to
any limitations of conversion set forth herein) or (2) any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note (without regard
to any limitations of conversion set forth herein) to not be eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 without the need for registration
under any applicable federal or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Notes, other issuance
of securities with respect to the Notes) and no Current Public Information Failure exists or is continuing; (viii) the Holder shall not
be in (and no other holder of Notes shall be in) possession of any material, non-public information provided to any of them by the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates, employees, officers, representatives, agents or the like; (ix) on each
day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company otherwise shall have been in compliance with each, and shall not have breached
any representation or warranty in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or
materiality, which may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Transaction Document, including,
without limitation, the Company shall not have failed to timely make any payment pursuant to any Transaction Document; (x) on the applicable
date of determination (A) no Authorized Share Failure shall exist or be continuing and the applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount
of shares of Common Stock are available under the certificate of incorporation of the Company and reserved by the Company to be issued
pursuant to the Notes and (B) all shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring this determination (or issuable
upon conversion of the Conversion Amount being redeemed in the event requiring this determination (without regards to any limitations
on conversion set forth herein)) may be issued in full without resulting in an Authorized Share Failure; (xi) on each day during the Equity
Conditions Measuring Period, there shall not have occurred and there shall not exist an Event of Default or an event that with the passage
of time or giving of notice would constitute an Event of Default; (xii) no bone fide dispute shall exist, by and between any of holder
of Notes, the Company, the Principal Market (or such applicable Eligible Market in which the Common Stock of the Company is then principally
trading) and/or FINRA with respect to any term or provision of any Note or any other Transaction Document and (xiii) the shares of Common
Stock issuable pursuant the event requiring the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions are duly authorized and listed and eligible for
trading without restriction on an Eligible Market.

38

(aa) Equity
Conditions Failure means that on any day during the period commencing twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the applicable Company
Optional Redemption Notice Date through the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date, the Equity Conditions have not been satisfied
(or waived in writing by the Holder) or there has been a Price Failure or Volume Failure.

(bb) [Reserved].

(cc) Excluded
Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock or standard options to purchase Common Stock issued to directors, officers or employees
of the Company for services rendered to the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan (as defined above), provided
that (A) all such issuances (taking into account the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options) after the Subscription
Date pursuant to this clause (i) do not, in the aggregate, exceed more than 5% of the Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Subscription Date and (B) the exercise price of any such options is not lowered, none of such options are amended to increase
the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such options are otherwise materially changed in any
manner that adversely affects any of the Buyers; (ii) shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities
or Options (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause
(i) above) issued prior to the Subscription Date, provided that the conversion price of any such Convertible Securities (other than standard
options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none
of such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan
that are covered by clause (i) above) are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions
of any such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock
Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the Buyers; and
(iii) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes or otherwise pursuant to the terms of the Notes; provided, that
the terms of the Notes are not amended, modified or changed on or after the Subscription Date (other than antidilution adjustments pursuant
to the terms thereof in effect as of the Subscription Date).

(dd) Existing
Senior Secured Notes means those certain (i) senior secured convertible notes, issued from time to time, pursuant to that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2022, by and among the Company and FF Simplicity Ventures LLC, as such may be amended,
modified, waived and/or supplemented, as applicable, from time to time and (ii) secured convertible notes, issued from time to time, pursuant
to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2024, by and among the Company and certain investors party thereto,
as such may be amended, modified, waived and/or supplemented, as applicable, from time to time.

(ee) Existing
Unsecured Notes means those certain unsecured convertible notes, issued from time to time, pursuant to that certain Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2024, by and among the Company and certain investors party thereto, as such may be amended,
modified, waived and/or supplemented, as applicable, from time to time.

39

(ff) [Reserved].

(gg) Financing
Documents shall have the meaning as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(hh) Floor
Price means $1.048 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events),
provided, however, the Company shall have the sole right to reduce the Floor Price, from time to time, to
a price per share not contrary to the rules and regulations promulgated by the Principal Market.

(ii)
Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries,
Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the
surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject
to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is
accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities
making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that
all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer,
become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually
or in the aggregate, acquire in any transaction or series or related transactions, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject
Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business
combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the
beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize,
recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates
or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be
or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition,
purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation,
business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding
Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all
such Subject Entities as of the date of this Note calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not
outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or
other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction
requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company
or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance
of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this
definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms
of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

40

(jj) GAAP
means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

(kk) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

(ll) Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as
the deferred purchase price of property or services (including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with GAAP)
(other than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment
obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds,
debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets
or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing,
in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies
of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary
obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby,
is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder
of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in any property or assets (including
accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become
liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of
the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above.

(mm) Intellectual
Property Rights means trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, original works of
authorship, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other
intellectual property rights and all applications and registrations therefor of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries.

(nn) Interest
Date means, with respect to any given calendar month, the first Trading Day of such calendar month.

(oo) Interest
Rate means ten percent (10%) per annum.

(pp) Investment
means any beneficial ownership (including stock, partnership or limited liability company interests) of or in any Person, or any loan,
advance or capital contribution to any Person or the acquisition of all, or substantially all, of the assets of another Person or the
purchase of any assets of another Person for greater than the fair market value of such assets.

(qq) [Reserved].

(rr) Maturity
Date shall mean [ ], 20[ ]2;
provided, however, the Maturity Date may be extended at the option of the Holder (i) in the event that, and for so long as, an Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing or any event shall have occurred and be continuing that with the passage of time and the
failure to cure would result in an Event of Default or (ii) through the date that is twenty (20) Business Days after the consummation
of a Fundamental Transaction in the event that a Fundamental Transaction is publicly announced or a Change of Control Notice is delivered
prior to the Maturity Date, provided further that if a Holder elects to convert some or all of this Note pursuant to Section 3 hereof,
and the Conversion Amount would be limited pursuant to Section 3(d) hereunder, the Maturity Date shall automatically be extended
until such time as such provision shall not limit the conversion of this Note.

2 Insert five (5) year anniversary of Issuance Date.

41

(ss) Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(tt) Parent
Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent
equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent
Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(uu) [Reserved].

(vv) [Reserved].

(ww) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(xx) Price
Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the VWAP of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the
twenty (20) Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding such date of determination fails to exceed the Floor Price
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions occurring after the
Issuance Date). All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations
or other similar transactions during any such measuring period.

(yy) Principal
Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(zz) Redemption
Notices means, collectively, the Event of Default Redemption Notices, the Company Optional Redemption Notices and the Change
of Control Redemption Notices, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Notice.

(aaa) Redemption
Premium means 125%.

(bbb) Redemption
Prices means, collectively, Event of Default Redemption Prices, the Change of Control Redemption Prices, the Company Optional
Redemption Prices, and each of the foregoing, individually, a Redemption Price.

(ccc) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(ddd) Securities
Purchase Agreement means that certain securities purchase agreement, dated as of the Subscription Date, by and among the Company
and the holders of the Notes party thereto, as may be amended from time to time.

42

(eee) Subscription Date means March 21, 2025.

(fff) Subsidiaries
shall have the meaning as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(ggg) Subject
Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(hhh) Successor
Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from or surviving any Fundamental
Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental Transaction shall have been
entered into.

(iii) Sufficient
Authorized Shares means, for the purpose of this Note, that the Company has a sufficient number of authorized but unissued
and unreserved shares of Common Stock available for the conversion in full of the Notes at the Conversion Price then in effect.

(jjj) Trading
Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any
day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the
Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading
Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours
or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange
or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00
p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations
other than price determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto)
is open for trading of securities.

(kkk) Transaction
Documents shall have the meaning as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

(lll) Volume
Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the aggregate daily dollar trading volume (as reported on
Bloomberg) of the Common Stock on the Principal Market on any Trading Day during the twenty (20) Trading Day period ending on the Trading
Day immediately preceding such date of determination (such period, the Volume Failure Measuring Period) is less than
$1,500,000 (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions occurring
after the Subscription Date).

(mmm) VWAP
means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal Market (or, if the
Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time,
as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or, if the foregoing does
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for
such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing
bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date
on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company
and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall
be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 24. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock
dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

43

33. DISCLOSURE.
Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance with the terms of this
Note, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public
information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York city time on the Business
Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form
8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or immediately upon receipt
of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice (or notification from the
Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the
notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this
Section 33 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under Section 4.18 of the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

34. ABSENCE
OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of the Company
and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain
from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an
officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed,
written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may
possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information
to any third party.

35. TAXES.

(a) Without
limiting any other provision of this Note, any and all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction
for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto
(collectively referred to as Taxes) unless the Company is required to withhold or deduct any amounts for, or on account
of Taxes pursuant to any applicable law. If the Company shall be required to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder
to the Holder, (i) the sum payable shall be increased by the amount by which the sum payable would otherwise have to be increased (the
make-whole sum) to ensure that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to the make-whole
sum) the Holder would receive an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Company shall
make such deductions and (iii) the Company shall pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant governmental authority within
the time required. Upon the request of the Company, the Holder shall provide the Company with such duly completed and executed forms or
certificates prescribed by law as a basis for claiming an exemption from, or a reduction of, any Taxes imposed on payments made hereunder.

(b) In
addition, the Company agrees to pay to the relevant governmental authority in accordance with applicable law any present or future stamp
or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or in
connection with the execution, delivery, registration or performance of, or otherwise with respect to, this Note (Other Taxes).

(c) The
Company shall deliver to the Holder official receipts, if any, in respect of any Taxes and Other Taxes payable hereunder promptly after
payment of such Taxes and Other Taxes or other evidence of payment reasonably acceptable to the Holder.

(d) If
the Company fails to pay any amounts in accordance with this Section 35, the Company shall indemnify
the Holder within ten (10) calendar days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Taxes or Other Taxes, plus any related
interest or penalties, that are paid by the Holder to the relevant governmental authority or other relevant governmental authority as
a result of such failure.

(e) The
obligations of the Company under this Section 35 shall survive the termination of this Agreement
and the payment of all amounts payable hereunder.

[signature page follows]

44

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above.

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric, Inc.

By: 

Name: Matthias Aydt

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Convertible Note - Signature
Page

EXHIBIT
I

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC, INC.

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the Unsecured
Convertible Note (the Note) issued to the undersigned by Faraday Future Intelligent Electric, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company). In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion
Amount (as defined in the Note) of the Note indicated below into shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common
Stock), of the Company, as of the date specified below. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set
forth in the Note.

Date of Conversion: 

Aggregate Principal to be converted: 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid Interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges with respect to such portion of the Aggregate Principal and such Aggregate Interest to be converted: 

AGGREGATE CONVERSION AMOUNT 

TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note is being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the
following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at
Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Account Number: 

Date: _____________ __,

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: 

E-mail Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex4-5_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.5

FORM OF PLACEMENT AGENT WARRANT

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH
THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND,
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION
THEREOF. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

faraday
future intelligent electric inc.

Warrant Shares: [__]1 Initial Exercise Date: [__], 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
(the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, Univest Securities, LLC or its permitted assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on March 21, 2030 (the
Expiration Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [__]2 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (as subject
to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant
shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Section 1 or elsewhere
in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and among
the Company and the Purchasers set forth on the signature pages thereto (the Purchase Agreement).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or any of the following exchanges on which the Common Stock is traded and
listed, or any successor(s) thereto, is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading: the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global
Market; the Nasdaq Global Select Market; the New York Stock Exchange; or the NYSE American; and any successor to any of the foregoing
markets or exchanges.

1 7% of the aggregate number of Underlying Securities placed
at each Closing.

2 7% of the aggregate number of Underlying Securities placed
at each Closing.

1

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Class A Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Excluded
Stock means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to consultants, employees, officers or directors of the Company
pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors
or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company,
(b) the Warrant Shares and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
on the original date of issuance of this Warrant, provided that such securities have not been amended since the original date of issuance
of this Warrant to increase the number of such securities (or the shares of Common Stock underlying such securities) or to decrease the
exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or
to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic transactions
approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company provided that any such issuance pursuant to this clause (c) shall
only be to a Person or Persons (or to the equityholders of a Person or Persons) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating
company or an owner of an asset providing to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include
a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business
is investing in securities, and (d) the Notes and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(c) hereunder.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other similar restriction.

Minimum
Exercise Price means $1.048 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar
events in the manner set forth in Section 3(a)), provided, however, the Company shall have the sole right to reduce this Minimum Exercise
Price, from time to time, to a price per share not contrary to the rules and regulations promulgated by the Principal Market.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agency Agreement means that certain Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 21, 2025, by and between the Company and the Placement
Agent.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, or proceeding.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the
NYSE American (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

Transfer
Agent means the transfer agent of the Company, if any, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date following the date the Company, or any Successor Entity to the Company, is listed for trading on a Trading Market,
the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading
Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or, with respect to Section 3(c), the twenty (20) Trading
Days prior to such calculation) (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m.
(New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date
(or, with respect to Section 3(c), the twenty (20) Trading Days prior to such calculation) (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or
OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock
are then reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the volume
weighted average trading price per share of the Common Stock so reported (or, with respect to Section 3(c), the twenty (20) Trading Days
prior to such calculation), or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as reasonably and in good faith
determined by the Board of Directors; provided that if the Holder disagrees with the Board of Directors determination pursuant
to clause (d) above, the Holder and the Company shall reasonably and in good faith select an independent appraiser, the fees and expenses
of which shall be split by the Company and the Holder, to make such determination.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of
Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or
after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Expiration Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the
Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise). Within two (2) Trading Days following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate
Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United
States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.
No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of
any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has
been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading
Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Holder and any permitted assignee,
by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a
portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than
the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

b) Exercise Price.
The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $[]3, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise.
If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for, the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may only be exercised, in whole or in part, at such
time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise, or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If (A-B) is less than zero, then the
number of Warrant Shares to be delivered to the Holder shall equal zero. If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the
parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics
of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this
Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of
Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its permitted assignees balance account with The Depository Trust
Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such
system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant
to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrant), or otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys
share register in the name of the Holder or its permitted assignee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant
to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two (1) Trading Day after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice
of Exercise the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares; provided payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within two (2) Trading Days following delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. If the Company is then a participant in DWAC and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and the
Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the 3rd Trading
Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty,
for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day for each Trading Day after such 3rd Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date
until such Warrant Shares are delivered or the Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts
to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.

3 (i) $1.548 per share for Warrants issued upon each Closing or (ii) 120% of the closing price of the Common Stock on the trading day prior
to the closing date of the exercise of Incremental Warrants.

4

ii. Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects
be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission
Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)
by the 3rd Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section
2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the 3rd Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after
such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage
firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder
anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount,
if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver
to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation
was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares
for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted
exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of
the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written
notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount
of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to
timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional
Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election,
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or
round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental
expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant
Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names of any permitted transferee(s) as may be directed by the Holder;
provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this
Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the
Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto.
The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for delivery of the Warrant Shares.

5

vii. Closing
of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders
Exercise Limitations.

i. The Company shall
not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section
2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities or instruments
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth
in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not
representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible
for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies,
the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the reasonable discretion of the Holder, and
the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant
is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm
the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in
(A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written request of a Holder, the Company shall within three (3) Trading Days confirm in writing
to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities or instruments of the Company, including this Warrant, by
the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported.
The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company,
may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any
increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to
the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a permitted successor holder of this Warrant.

6

ii. Subject to Section
4.21(b) of the Purchase Agreement, the Issuer shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to the exercise set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Issuer would not have a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock to effect such exercise (an Authorized Share
Shortfall). The Issuer shall provide reasonably prompt notice to the Holder in the event of an Authorized Share Shortfall.

f) [Reserved].

g) Call Provision.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2(e), Section 2(f) and this Section 2(g), if, after the Effective Date, (i) the VWAP for each of
20 Trading Days out of 30 consecutive Trading Days (the Measurement Period, which 30 consecutive Trading Day period
shall not have commenced until after the Effective Date) exceeds $3.096 (subject to adjustment for forward and reverse stock splits,
recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like after the Initial Exercise Date), (ii) the Holder is not in possession of any information
that constitutes, or might constitute, material non-public information which was provided by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or
any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, and (iii) the Equity Conditions are then satisfied, then the Company
may, within one Trading Day of the end of such Measurement Period, call for cancellation of all or any portion of this Warrant for which
a Notice of Exercise has not yet been delivered (such right, a Call) for consideration equal to $0.01 per Warrant
Share. To exercise this right, the Company must deliver to the Holder an irrevocable written notice (a Call Notice),
indicating therein the portion of unexercised portion of this Warrant to which such notice applies. If the conditions set forth below
for such Call are satisfied from the period from the date of the Call Notice through and including the Call Date (as defined below), then
any portion of this Warrant subject to such Call Notice for which a Notice of Exercise shall not have been received by the Call Date will
be cancelled at 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the tenth Trading Day after the date the Call Notice is received by the Holder (such
date and time, the Call Date). Any unexercised portion of this Warrant to which the Call Notice does not pertain
will be unaffected by such Call Notice. In furtherance thereof, the Company covenants and agrees that it will honor all Notices of Exercise
with respect to Warrant Shares subject to a Call Notice that are tendered through 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date. The
parties agree that any Notice of Exercise delivered following a Call Notice which calls less than all of the Warrants shall first reduce
to zero the number of Warrant Shares subject to such Call Notice prior to reducing the remaining Warrant Shares available for purchase
under this Warrant. For example, if (A) this Warrant then permits the Holder to acquire 100 Warrant Shares, (B) a Call Notice pertains
to 75 Warrant Shares, and (C) prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date the Holder tenders a Notice of Exercise in respect
of 50 Warrant Shares, then (x) on the Call Date the right under this Warrant to acquire 25 Warrant Shares will be automatically cancelled,
(y) the Company, in the time and manner required under this Warrant, will have issued and delivered to the Holder 50 Warrant Shares in
respect of the exercises following receipt of the Call Notice, and (z) the Holder may, until the Expiration Date, exercise this Warrant
for 25 Warrant Shares (subject to adjustment as herein provided and subject to subsequent Call Notices). Subject again to the provisions
of this Section 2(g), the Company may deliver subsequent Call Notices for any portion of this Warrant for which the Holder shall not have
delivered a Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Warrant, the Company may not deliver a Call
Notice or require the cancellation of this Warrant (and any such Call Notice shall be void), unless, from the beginning of the Measurement
Period through the Call Date, (1) the Company shall have honored in accordance with the terms of this Warrant all Notices of Exercise
delivered by 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Call Date, and (2) the Registration Statement shall be effective as to all Warrant
Shares and the prospectus thereunder available for use by the Holder, or Rule 144 shall be available without time, volume or manner of
sale limitations, for the resale of all such Warrant Shares, (3) the Common Stock shall be listed or quoted for trading on the Trading
Market, and (4) there is a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance of all Securities under the Transaction
Documents, and (5) the issuance of all Warrant Shares subject to a Call Notice shall not cause a breach of any provision of Section 2(e)
or Section 2(f) herein. The Companys right to call the Warrants under this Section 2(g) shall be exercised ratably among the Holders
based on each Holders initial purchase of Warrants.

7

Section 3. Certain
Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends
and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a distribution
or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which,
for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of
capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment
made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
combination or re-classification.

(b) Subsequent
Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall sell,
enter into an agreement to sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue
any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (other than Excluded Stock), at an effective price per share (the Base Price),
when multiplied by 120%, the product of which is less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such issuances collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance) (it being understood and agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall
at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or
otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is less than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for
less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with the consummation
of each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price shall be adjusted (downwards only) to 120% of the Base Price. Such adjustment shall be made
whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid or
issued under this Section 3(b) in respect of Excluded Stock or any adjustment pursuant to Section 3(a). The Company shall notify the Holder,
in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject
to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and
other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the
Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is
entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the adjusted Exercise Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers
to the adjusted Exercise Price in the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for purposes of this Section
2(b), effective price per share shall take into consideration the value of any Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents, securities
transferred to a third-party by other stockholders of the Company including Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, cash, rights or
any other form of additional consideration (Secondary Security) that is issued or paid in connection with the issuance
or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (the Primary Security, and together with
the Secondary Security, each a Unit), together comprising one integrated transaction (or series of related transactions
if such issuances or sales or deemed issuances or sales of securities of the Company are consummated under the same plan of financing),
the effective price per share (i.e. Base Price) shall be deemed to be the lowest of (y) if such Primary Security is a Common
Stock Equivalent, the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion
of the Primary Security and (z) the purchase price of such Unit less the value of the Secondary Unit (assuming for such purposes the value
of any options or warrants are valued at the Black Scholes Value but using the date of the Dilutive Issuance for such purposes rather
than the date of the Fundamental Transaction); provided, that if the value determined pursuant to clause (y) above would result in a value
less than the par value of the Common Stock, then the other securities issued or sold in such integrated transaction shall be deemed to
have been issued or sold for the par value of the Common Stock. If any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued or
sold or deemed to have been issued or sold for cash, the consideration other than cash received therefor will be deemed to be the net
amount received by the Company therefor. If any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued or sold for a consideration
other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such consideration, except where such
consideration consists of publicly traded securities or Common Stock (including Common Stock transferred from existing third-party stockholder),
in which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the volume weighted average price of such publicly traded securities
on the date of receipt of such publicly traded securities. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or publicly traded securities
will be reasonably and in good faith determined jointly by the Company and the Holder. If such parties are unable to reach agreement within
ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair value of such
consideration will be determined within five (5) Business Days after the tenth (10th) day following the Valuation Event by
an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Holder acting reasonable and in good faith. The determination
of such appraiser shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall
be borne equally by the Company and the Holder.

8

(c) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons, (ii) the
Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions to another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons, (iii) any
direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (by another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons) is
completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash
or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property in
connection with a transaction involving an unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated Persons, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another unaffiliated Person or group of unaffiliated
Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares
of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making
or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the
event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time within 10 days prior to the
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction),
purchase this Warrant at the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal
to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of
such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the Companys
control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, Holder shall only be entitled to receive from the Company,
as of the date of consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at
the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the
Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof,
or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among alternative forms of consideration in connection with
the Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company shall, at
the Companys option exercisable on or before the 10th day prior to the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction by
written notice to the Holder, purchase this Warrant from the Holder at the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction by paying to the
Holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation
of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, following the exercise of such right by the Company the Holder shall
have the right to exercise this Warrant until the third (3rd) Trading Day immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction and the Company shall honor such exercises pursuant to the terms hereunder. Black Scholes Value means
the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate
corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental
Transaction and the Expiration Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the volatility obtained for the remaining exercise period as
obtain from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 252-day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following
the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, provided that if the Common Stock is not traded on a national securities
exchange as of the public announcement of such Fundamental Transaction, then such volatility shall be determined by an independent valuation
firm reasonably acceptable to (and the costs of such independent valuation firm shall be split by) the Company and the Holder, (C) the
underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value
of any non-cash consideration (determined in accordance with the last two sentences of Section 3(b) above), if any, being offered in such
Fundamental Transaction and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) upon the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided
that if there is a disagreement between the Company and the Holder with respect to the Black Scholes Value, then such Black Scholes Value
shall be determined by an independent valuation firm reasonably acceptable to (and the costs of such independent valuation firm shall
be split by) the Company and the Holder.

d) Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

9

e) Notice to
Holder.

i. Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to
Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock,
(B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize
the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or
property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the
Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear
upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified,
a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants,
or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

f) [Reserved].

f) Minimum Exercise
Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3, in no event will the Exercise Price be adjusted to an amount that
is less than the Minimum Exercise Price.

Section 4. Transfer
of Warrant.

a) Transferability.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof, this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant
at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the
form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon
the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument
of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant
shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant
to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this
Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants.
This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent
or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company
shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with
such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical
with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

10

c) Warrant Register.
The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register),
in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
notice to the contrary.

d) Transfer Restrictions.
If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not
be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities
or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements
pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant,
as the case may be, provides to the Company an opinion of counsel, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, to the effect that the transfer of this Warrant does not require registration under the Securities Act.

e) Representation
by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise
hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or
reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Registration
Rights.

a) To
the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant Shares and in the further event that the
Company files a registration statement with the Commission covering the sale of its shares of Common Stock (other than a registration
statement on Form S-4 or S-8, or on another form, or in another context, in which such piggyback registration would be inappropriate),
then, for a period of five (5) years from the final Closing Date, the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to the
Holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than seven (7) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall describe
the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed
managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and offer to the Holder in such notice the opportunity to register the
sale of such number of shares of Warrant Shares as such Holder may request in writing within four (4) days following receipt of such notice
(a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall cause such Warrant Shares to be included in such registration. and
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to
permit the Warrant Shares requested to be included in a Piggyback Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities
of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Warrant Shares in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution
thereof. All Holders proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggyback Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggyback Registration.
Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that
which is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included
in the registration statement timely or the Company may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

11

b) In
addition, to the extent the Company does not maintain an effective registration statement for the Warrant Shares, for a period of five
(5) years from the final Closing Date, the Holder shall be entitled to one (1) demand right for the registration of the Warrant Shares
at the Companys expense (other than any underwriting discounts, selling commissions, share transfer taxes applicable to the sale
of the Warrant Shares, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Holder) (the Demand Registration). In the event
of a Demand Registration, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to register the applicable Warrant Shares. All Holders
of Warrant Shares proposing to distribute their securities through a Demand Registration that involves an underwriter or underwriters
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Demand Registration.
Furthermore, each Holder must provide such information as reasonably requested by the Company (which information shall be limited to that
which is required for disclosure under the Securities Act and the forms, rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) to be included
in the registration statement timely or the Company may elect to exclude such Holder from the registration statement.

c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the registration rights described in this Section 5 shall be subject to limitations imposed by the Commissions rules
or comments of the Commission staff in connection with its review of the registration statement for any such resale registration. Moreover,
notwithstanding the foregoing registration obligations of the Company, if the Company furnishes to the Holders requesting a Demand Registration
a certificate signed by the Companys chief executive officer stating that in the good faith judgment of the Companys Board
of Directors it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for a registration statement to either become effective
or remain effective for as long as such registration statement otherwise would be required to remain effective, because such action would
(i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate reorganization, or other similar transaction involving the Company;
(ii) require premature disclosure of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential;
or (iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, then the Company shall have the
right to defer taking action with respect to such Demand Registration or withdraw a related registration statement for a period of not
more than forty-five (45) calendar days; provided, however, that the Company may not invoke this right more than twice in any twelve (12)
month period or during the twelve (12) month period prior to the Expiration Date.

Section 6. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights
as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i). Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant
Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c), in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an
exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft,
Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include
the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make
and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

12

d) Authorized
Shares.

The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of
the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, subject to Section 2(e)(ii) hereof and Section 4.21 of the Purchase Agreement, the Company
shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, intentionally avoid or intentionally
seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying
out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder
as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the
par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such commercially reasonable actions in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Warrant Shares (or Alternative Consideration after a Fundamental Transaction) upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the Exercise Price, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all
such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction
thereof.

e) CFIUS.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, at no time shall the Holder (a) be given rights that would allow it to control the Company;
(b) have access to any material nonpublic technical information in the possession of the Company; (c) have the right to appoint any member
or observer to the board of directors of the Company; or (d) be involved, other than through voting of shares, in the Companys
substantive decision making regarding (i) the use, development, acquisition, safekeeping, or release of sensitive personal data of U.S.
citizens that the Company maintains or collects; (ii) the use, development, acquisition, or release of critical technologies; or (iii)
the management, operation, manufacture, or supply of covered investment critical infrastructure, to the extent the Company at any time
owns, operates, provides goods or service, or otherwise becomes involved in covered investment critical infrastructure. The terms in this
paragraph are defined as they are defined in Section 721 of the U.S. Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended, and the regulations at
31 C.F.R Part 800, as they may be amended from time to time.

f) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of
laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of this Warrant shall
be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, State of Delaware (the Delaware
Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper
or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant. If any party shall commence
an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such action or proceeding.

13

g) Restrictions.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the Holder does not
utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

h) Nonwaiver.
No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right
or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.

a) Notices.
Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice
of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed
to the Company, at the address set forth in the Placement Agency Agreement. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email
address appears on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective
on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth
in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation
of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company.

j) Remedies.
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to seek
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any
loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in
any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors
and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any permitted Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m) Severability.
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) Headings.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

By: 

Name: Matthias Aydt

Title: Global Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to PA
Warrant]

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: faraday
future intelligent electric inc.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects
to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders
herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form
of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United
States; or

[if permitted] the cancellation
of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant
with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant
Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing
Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date: ________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute

this form and supply required information.

Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [____]
all of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to _______________________________________________
whose address is _______________________________________________

Dated: ______________, _______

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. Officers
of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the
foregoing Warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex10-1_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 21, 2025, BY AND AMONG FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC. AND THE PARTIES THERETO
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

DATED AS OF MARCH 21, 2025

AMONG

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.,

as the Issuer

and

THE PURCHASERS

FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO

ANNEXES, EXHIBITS
AND SCHEDULES

ANNEXES 

Annex A - Definitions

Annex B - Commitment Annex

Annex C - Closing Checklist

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A - Form of Convertible Note

Exhibit B - Form of Common Warrant

Exhibit C - Form of Incremental Warrant

Exhibit D - Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock

Exhibit E - Form of Joinder Agreement

SCHEDULES 

Schedule 3.1 - Existence, Organizational Identification Numbers, Foreign Qualification, Prior Names

Schedule 3.4 - Capitalization

Schedule 3.6 - Litigation

Schedule 3.7 - Ownership of Property

Schedule 3.9 - Labor Matters

Schedule 3.13 - Taxes

Schedule 3.14 - ERISA

Schedule 3.17 - Intellectual Property

Schedule 3.18 - Real Estate

Schedule 3.19 - Insurance

Schedule 3.20 - Bank Accounts

Schedule 3.23 - Outstanding Debt

Schedule 3.30 - Listing and Maintenance Requirements

Schedule 13.6 - Certain Related Transactions

ii

SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
dated as of March 21, 2025 (the Signing Date), is by and among, FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.
(the Issuer or the Company), and the financial institutions or other entities from time to time
parties hereto, each as a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers.

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Issuer wishes
to sell to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers have agreed to purchase from the Issuer, unsecured convertible promissory notes in an aggregate
principal amount as indicated on the Commitment Annex (each a Note and collectively, the Notes),
the Common Warrants (as defined below), the Incremental Warrants (as defined below), Incremental Notes (as defined below) and shares of
Series B Preferred Stock (as defined below), upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the Issuer and the Purchasers, agree as follows:

ARTICLE
1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1Certain Defined Terms.

Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on Annex A to this Agreement or in the Notes, as
applicable.

Section 1.2Accounting Terms and Determinations.

Unless otherwise specified
herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting determinations hereunder (including without limitation determinations
made pursuant to the exhibits hereto) shall be made, and all financial statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms
of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall
be made, without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard
having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer at fair
value.

Section 1.3Other Definitional Provisions and References.

References in this
Agreement to Articles, Sections, Annexes, Exhibits or
Schedules shall be to Articles, Sections, Annexes, Exhibits or Schedules of or to this Agreement unless otherwise
specifically provided. Any term defined herein may be used in the singular or plural. Include, includes
and including shall be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Except as otherwise specified or
limited herein, references to any Person include the successors and assigns of such Person. References from or
through any date mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and
including, respectively. Unless otherwise specified herein, the settlement of all payments and fundings hereunder between or
among the parties hereto shall be made in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds. Time is of the
essence for each performance obligation of the Issuer under this Agreement and each Financing Document. All amounts used for
purposes of financial calculations required to be made herein shall be without duplication. References to any statute or act shall
include all related current regulations and all amendments and any successor statutes, acts and regulations. References to any
statute or act, without additional reference, shall be deemed to refer to federal statutes and acts of the United States. References
to any agreement, instrument or document shall include all schedules, exhibits, annexes and other attachments thereto. Unless
otherwise expressly provided herein or in any other Financing Document, references to agreements and other contractual instruments,
including this Agreement and the other Financing Documents, shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, thereto,
restatements and substitutions thereof and other modifications and supplements thereto which are in effect from time to time, but
only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not prohibited by the terms of any Financing Document. References to
any statute or regulation may be made by using either the common or public name thereof or a specific cite reference and, except as
otherwise provided with respect to FATCA, are to be construed as including all statutory and regulatory provisions related thereto
or consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting the statute or regulation.

1

ARTICLE
2

PURCHASE AND SALE

Section 2.1Notes; Repayment of Notes.

(a)Commitment, Purchase, Sale and Issuance of the Notes, Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants and Series B Preferred Stock.

(i)Effective as of the Signing Date, each Purchaser hereby commits to acquire from the Issuer as set forth in Section 2.1(b)
(A) the principal amount of Notes in an amount equal to the Note Commitment Amount set forth opposite such Purchasers name on
the Commitment Annex, (B) a Common Warrant to purchase a number of shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the Common Stock) equal to the quotient of such Note Commitment Amount divided by the Conversion Price
thereof, (C) a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (1) the number of Conversion Shares into which such
Purchasers Notes are convertible and (2) the product of (x) such Purchasers Commitment Percentage multiplied by
(y) the Series B Preferred Cap, and (D) an Incremental Warrant to purchase an Incremental Note (as defined below) in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the Note Commitment Amount set forth opposite such Purchasers name on the Commitment Annex with respect to the
Notes, accompanied by a Common Warrant exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock underlying the portion of the Incremental Note
and a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (1) the number of Conversion Shares into which such Purchasers
Incremental Notes are convertible and (2) the product of (x) such Purchasers Commitment Percentage multiplied by (y) the
Series B Preferred Cap minus the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then owned by the Purchaser, subject only to the conditions
set forth in Article 7.

(ii) [Reserved].

(iii)Within two (2) Trading Days of the exercise of any Incremental Warrant, the Issuer shall issue to the exercising Purchaser, and
such Purchaser shall acquire from the Issuer, (A) an unsecured senior convertible promissory note issued by the Issuer to such Purchaser
in the principal amount set forth in the Notice of Exercise of such Purchasers Incremental Warrant (each an Incremental
Note and collectively, the Incremental Notes), (B) a Common Warrant to purchase a number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the quotient of the Note Commitment Amount of such Purchasers Incremental Note divided by the Conversion
Price thereof and (C) a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (1) the number of Conversion Shares into which
such Purchasers Incremental Note is convertible and (2) the product of (x) such Purchasers Commitment Percentage multiplied
by (y) the Series B Preferred Cap minus the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then owned by the Purchaser.

2

(b)Closing.

(i)The initial purchase and issuance of the Notes and corresponding Common
Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall take place on the tenth (10th) Business Day following
the Signing Date upon the satisfaction of all the conditions set forth in Section 7.1 and Section 7.2 hereof; provided,
however that if any such conditions are not satisfied by such date such closing may be extended up to an additional twenty (20) Business
Days (the First Closing); provided; however, that during such 20 Business Day period, for the purpose of determining
the satisfaction of the condition set forth under Section 7.1(j) for the First Closing, (x) the closing price of the Common Stock
must be equal to or greater than $1.00 per share on such Closing Date and (y) the value of the average daily trading volume of the Common
Stock on the Trading Market must be equal to or greater than Four Million Dollars ($4,000,000) for the five (5) consecutive Trading Day
period ending on such Closing Date. If such conditions are not satisfied on or prior to May 5, 2025, such commitment to purchase and issue
such Notes, Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants, and shares of Series B Preferred Stock and all other commitments under this Agreement
to purchase any Notes, Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically terminate. At
the First Closing, each applicable Purchaser shall purchase the First Notes and associated Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares
of Series B Preferred Stock for an amount equal to 25% of the Note Commitment Amount set forth opposite such Purchasers name on
the Commitment Annex and disburse the net proceeds from the purchase of the First Notes pursuant to the Flow of Funds delivered by the
Issuer. At any time prior to the First Closing, an unrelated third party may join this Agreement and agree to purchase the Notes and associated
Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock hereunder by executing and delivering to the Company a Joinder
Agreement and, whether or not such Joinder Agreement shall be acknowledged by the Company, such third party shall thereafter for all purposes
be a party hereto and have the same rights, benefits and obligations as a Purchaser party hereto effective of the execution date thereof
and the Commitment Annex shall be updated accordingly; provided, however, that the aggregate additional Note Commitment Amount pursuant
to Joinder Agreements shall not exceed $10 million.

(ii)After
the First Closing, the purchase and issuance of the subsequent Notes and associated Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares
Series B Preferred Stock shall take place in another three Closings: (A) on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the
First Closing (the Second Closing); (B) on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the later of (1)
the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined below) and (2) the receipt of the Stockholder Approval (as defined
below) (the Third Closing); and (C) on the tenth (10th) Business Day following the Third Closing
(the Fourth Closing), in each case, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section
7.1 and Section 7.3 hereof; provided, however that if any such conditions are not satisfied by such date
the applicable Subsequent Closing may be extended up to an additional twenty (20) Business Days; provided; however, that during such
20 Business Day period, for the purpose of determining the satisfaction of the condition set forth under Section 7.1(j) for
each Subsequent Closing, (x) the closing price of the Common Stock must be equal to or greater than $1.00 per share on such Closing
Date and (y) the value of the average daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the Trading Market must be equal to or greater
than Four Million Dollars ($4,000,000) for the five (5) consecutive Trading Day period ending on such Closing Date. If such
conditions are not satisfied by the end of the initial twenty (20) Business Day period, such commitment to purchase and issue such
subsequent Notes and all other commitments under this Agreement to purchase any Notes and associated Common Warrants, Incremental
Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock at the applicable Subsequent Closing shall automatically terminate. At each
Subsequent Closing (as defined below), each applicable Purchaser shall purchase the applicable subsequent Notes and associated
Common Warrants, and Incremental Warrants in accordance with the amounts equal 25% of the Note Commitment Amount set forth opposite
such Purchasers name on the Commitment
Annex, and a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the lesser of (1) the number of Conversion Shares into which such
Purchasers Note issued in such Subsequent Closing is convertible and (2) the product of (x) such Purchasers Commitment
Percentage multiplied by (y) the Series B Preferred Cap minus the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then owned by the
Purchaser, and disburse the net proceeds from the purchase of the subsequent Notes pursuant to the Flow of Funds delivered by the
Issuer. The Second Closing, Third Closing and Fourth Closing may each be referred to herein as a Subsequent
Closing. At each Subsequent Closing, each applicable Purchaser shall purchase the subsequent Notes and associated Common
Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock for an amount equal to 25% of the Note Commitment Amount set
forth opposite such Purchasers name on the Commitment Annex and disburse the net proceeds from the purchase of the subsequent
Notes pursuant to the Flow of Funds delivered by the Issuer.

3

(iii)On the applicable date of issuance of the Incremental Notes and associated Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares of
Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms hereof and thereof, each applicable Purchaser shall deposit the net proceeds thereof to
the Issuer in accordance with the Flow of Funds delivered by the Issuer to such Purchaser or pursuant to other arrangements as shall have
been agreed between such Purchaser and the Issuer and, in each case, the Issuer shall deliver the Incremental Notes, associated Common
Warrants, Incremental Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock to the applicable Purchasers upon receipt of the applicable funds.

(iv)The
Issuer acknowledges and agrees that (i) no notices or documentation that constitute material non-public information shall be sent to
the Purchasers following any Closing until the following Closing (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any notices or information
relating to such following Closing, which shall be sent either after the market closes or on a day other than a Business Day), and
(ii) if any notices or documents sent by the Issuer to the Purchasers contain any material non-public information, such notices or
documents must be sent either after the market closes or on a day other than a Business Day and the Issuer shall file an 8-K
immediately following the day such information was delivered before the market opens (unless the Purchasers have agreed to accept
such information); provided that, any notice or other documentation withheld and not disclosed to the Purchasers as a result of this
paragraph shall not result in a violation of any other provision of the Financing Documents that may require the disclosure of such
notice or documentation.

(c)Commitments.

(i)Each Purchasers obligation to purchase the Notes shall be limited to such Purchasers applicable Note Commitment Amount,
and no Purchaser shall have any obligation to fund any portion of the Notes required to be funded by any other Purchaser, but not so funded.
The Issuer shall not have any right to reborrow any portion of the Notes which are repaid or prepaid from time to time.

(ii)No Purchaser shall have any other obligation to fund any additional Incremental Notes and the purchase of any such additional Incremental
Notes shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of each Purchaser. The Issuer shall not have any right to reborrow any portion of the
Incremental Notes which is repaid or prepaid from time to time.

(iii) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the conditions
set forth in Section 7.1 and Section 7.2 are not satisfied on or before May 5, 2025, all commitments and obligations to
purchase and issue any remaining Notes shall terminate.

Section 2.2Additional Series B Preferred Stock. In the event that an adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant to the terms of the
Notes results in an increase in the number of Conversion Shares, the Issuer shall issue to each Purchaser a number of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock equal to the number of such additional Conversion Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event
shall the Issuer be obligated to issue a number of shares in excess of the number of authorized but unissued shares of the Issuers
preferred stock as of the Signing Date without the approval of the Issuers stockholders to increase the number of authorized shares
of the Issuers preferred stock and the determination of whether or not to seek such approval of the Issuers stockholders
shall be made in the Issuers sole discretion.

4

Section 2.3[Reserved].

Section 2.4[Reserved].

Section 2.5Notes.
The portion of the Notes purchased by each Purchaser at each Closing shall be evidenced by an unsecured convertible promissory note,
substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto executed by the Issuer in an original principal amount equal to such
Purchasers applicable share of the Notes.

Section 2.6[Reserved].

Section 2.7Certain Tax Matters.

The Issuer and the Purchasers
agree that, for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1273-2(h), the Purchased Securities, the Common Warrants, the Incremental Warrants
and shares of Series B Preferred Stock constitute an investment unit for purposes of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Lead Purchaser shall within 45 days following the applicable Closing, for purposes of Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1273-2(h), propose to the Issuer an allocation of the aggregate fair market value of the Common Warrants and the Incremental
Warrants issued at such Closing (the Valuation). If the Issuer does not notify the Lead Purchaser of any dispute
or disagreement regarding the proposed Valuation within twenty (20) days of receipt, then the Valuation shall become final. If the Issuer
notifies the Lead Purchaser of any such dispute or disagreement within twenty (20) days of receipt, then the Issuer and the Lead Purchaser
shall endeavor in good faith to resolve such dispute with twenty (20) days after the Issuer so notifies the Lead Purchaser. If the Issuer
and the Lead Purchaser are unable to resolve the dispute, then such dispute shall be submitted to an independent, nationally recognized
valuation or financial advisory firm (mutually agreed to by the Issuer and the Lead Purchaser) for final resolution, with the costs of
such valuation or financial advisory firm to be paid one-half by the Issuer and one-half by the Lead Purchaser. Neither the Issuer nor
the Purchasers will take any position for United States federal income Tax purposes that is inconsistent with the provisions of this Section
2.7 unless otherwise required by the IRS or another Governmental Authority following an audit or examination.

ARTICLE
3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

To induce the Purchasers to
enter into this Agreement and to purchase the Purchased Securities and other transactions contemplated thereby, the Issuer hereby represents
and warrants to each Purchaser that the following are true, correct and complete as of the Signing Date, and after giving effect to the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Financing Documents will be, true, correct and complete as of each Closing Date:

Section 3.1Existence and Power.

The Issuer and each of
its Domestic Subsidiaries (a) is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent applicable in the
relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization, or formation, which, with respect to the
Issuer and each such Domestic Subsidiary, in existence as of each Closing Date, is specified on Schedule 3.1, has the same
legal name as it appears in such Persons Organizational Documents and an organizational identification number (if any), in
each case as of each Closing Date as specified on Schedule 3.1, and (b) has all powers and all governmental licenses,
authorizations, registrations, permits, consents and approvals required under all applicable Laws and required in order to carry on
its business as now conducted (collectively, Permits), except where the failure to have such Permits could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer and each of its Domestic Subsidiaries is qualified to do
business as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction in which it is required to be so qualified, except where the failure to be so
qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1 or in the
SEC Reports, neither the Issuer nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries has had, over the five (5) year period preceding each Closing
Date, any name other than its current name or was incorporated or organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than its
current jurisdiction of incorporation or organization. As of each Closing Date, except for the Subsidiaries set forth on Schedule
3.1 or in the SEC Reports, no Subsidiary exists.

5

Section 3.2Organizational Authority and Governmental Authorization; No Contravention.

The execution, delivery and
performance by the Issuer of the Financing Documents to which it is a party (a) are within its corporate powers, (b) have been duly authorized
by all necessary action pursuant to its Organizational Documents, (c) require no further approval, consent, exemption, authorization or
other action by or in respect of, or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Authority with respect to any shares of Common Stock
except for (i) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings that have been duly obtained, taken,
given or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) those approvals, consents exemptions, authorization, actions, notices and filings,
the failure of which to obtain or make has not resulted in, or could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate to result
in a Material Adverse Effect and (d) do not violate, conflict with or cause a breach or a default under or a right of termination under
(i) any of the Organizational Documents of the Issuer and each of its Domestic Subsidiaries; or (ii) any applicable Law or any contract,
agreement, lease or other instrument binding upon it or its properties, except for such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults or
rights of termination as could not, with respect to this clause (d)(ii), reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.3Binding Effect.

Each of the Financing Documents
to which the Issuer is a party constitutes a valid and binding agreement or instrument of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in
accordance with its respective terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws
relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles.

Section 3.4Capitalization.

The authorized and
issued and outstanding Capital Stock of each of the Issuer and each Domestic Subsidiary as of the Signing Date is as set forth
on Schedule 3.4. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.4, all issued and outstanding Capital Stock of each
such Person is duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable (to the extent that such concepts apply to such
Capital Stock), free and clear of all liens and such Capital Stock was issued in compliance with all applicable laws. The identity
of the holders of the Capital Stock of each Domestic Subsidiary and the percentage of the fully diluted ownership of the Capital
Stock of each such Person as of the Signing Date is set forth on Schedule 3.4. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.4 or in the SEC Reports, as of the Signing Date there are no preemptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants,
conversion rights or similar agreements or understandings for the purchase or acquisition of the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary
of any Capital Stock of any such Person.

6

Section 3.5Financial Information.

(a)Annual Financial Statements. The historical annual financials of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023,
copies of which have been delivered to each Purchaser, (i) were prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout
the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial
condition of such Persons as of such date and their results of operations for the periods covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently
applied throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) show all material indebtedness
and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of such Persons as of such date, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and
Debt.

(b)Unaudited Interim Financial Statements. The historical interim financials of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as of September
30, 2024, copies of which have been delivered to each Purchaser (provided, that filing of such historical interim financials with the
Commission shall constitute delivery to the Purchasers), (i) were prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects,
the financial condition of such Persons as of such date and their results of operations for the periods covered thereby, subject, in the
case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments and adjustments for purchase accounting.

Any such historical financials
that the Issuer filed with the Commission via EDGAR shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Purchasers.

Section 3.6Litigation.

Except as set forth on Schedule
3.6 or in the SEC Reports, there is no Litigation involving monetary damages in excess of $2,500,000 in the aggregate pending against,
or, to the knowledge of the Issuer or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries, threatened in writing against the Issuer, any of its Domestic
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties.

Section 3.7Ownership of Property.

Except as set forth on Schedule
3.7 or in the SEC Reports, the Issuer and each of its Domestic Subsidiaries is the lawful owner of, has good and marketable title
to and is in lawful possession of, or has valid leasehold interests in, license to or right to use, all properties and other assets (except
for Intellectual Property Rights, which is covered in Schedule 3.17, and real property, which is covered in Schedule 3.18)
reported by the Issuer or such Domestic Subsidiary to be owned or leased (as the case may be) by such Person, except (i) for any such
properties which are immaterial to the operations of the Issuers or such Domestic Subsidiarys respective business or (ii)
as may have been disposed of in the Ordinary Course of Business or otherwise in compliance with the terms hereof.

7

Section 3.8No Default.

No Event of Default (as defined
in the Notes) has occurred and is continuing.

Section 3.9Labor Matters.

There are no strikes or other
labor disputes pending or threatened against the Issuer or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries, which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. Since January 1, 2021, hours worked and payments made to the employees of the Issuer and each of its Domestic
Subsidiaries have not been in violation, in any material respect, of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Law dealing
with such matters. All payments due from the Issuer and its Domestic Subsidiaries, or for which any claim may be made against any of them,
on account of wages and employee and retiree health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability
on their books, as the case may be, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of each Closing Date,
all pending strikes and material labor disputes related to any collective bargaining agreements to which the Issuer or any of its Domestic
Subsidiaries is a party are set forth on Schedule 3.9 or in the SEC Reports. All material payments due from the Issuer or any of
its Domestic Subsidiaries on account of (a) workers compensation, employee health plans, social security and welfare insurance
and employee income tax source deductions and vacation pay; and (b) the equivalent plans of those specified in subsection (a) in each
foreign (non-U.S.) jurisdiction where the Issuer or any such Domestic Subsidiary carries on business, in each case, have been paid in
full to date or accrued as a liability on the books of the Issuer and each such Domestic Subsidiary . Neither the Issuer nor any of its
Domestic Subsidiaries has any obligation under any collective bargaining agreement which would be reasonably expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. There is no material organizing activity involving the Issuer or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries by any labor union or
group of employees which would be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.10Investment Company.

Neither the Issuer nor any
of its Domestic Subsidiaries is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company
or a subsidiary of an investment company, all within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. The
Issuer and its Domestic Subsidiaries are not subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act, the Interstate Commerce Act, any state
public utilities code, or any other federal or state statute, rule or regulation limiting its ability to incur Debt, or which may render
its obligations under the Financing Documents unenforceable.

Section 3.11Margin Regulations.

None of the proceeds from
the Notes have been or will be used by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock,
for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or for any
other purpose which might cause any of the Notes to be considered a purpose credit within the meaning of Regulation T, U
or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

8

Section 3.12Compliance With Laws; Anti-Terrorism Laws.

(a)Laws Generally. The Issuer and each Domestic Subsidiary is in compliance with the requirements of all applicable Laws,
except to the extent such noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Anti-Terrorism Laws. Neither the Issuer nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Issuer and its
Domestic Subsidiaries, none of their Affiliates (i) is in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, or (ii) is a Blocked Person, or is controlled
by a Blocked Person. Neither the Issuer nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Issuer and its Domestic Subsidiaries,
none of their Affiliates, (A) conducts any business or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to
or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, or (B) deals in any property or interest in property blocked pursuant to Executive Order No.
13224, any similar executive order or other Anti-Terrorism Law. No part of the proceeds of any Notes will be used directly or, to the
knowledge of the Issuer and its Domestic Subsidiaries, indirectly for any payments to any government official or employee, political party,
official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain
or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable Law dealing with such matters.

Section 3.13Taxes.

Except as set forth on Schedule
3.13 or in the SEC Reports, all federal, state and foreign tax returns, reports and statements required to be filed by or on behalf
of the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary have been timely filed with the appropriate Governmental Authorities in each jurisdiction in
which such returns, reports and statements are required to be filed and, except to the extent subject to a Permitted Contest, all taxes
(including sales, employment and real property taxes) and other charges shown to be due and payable in respect thereof or otherwise due
from the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary in any material amount have been timely paid prior to the date on which any fine, penalty,
interest, late charge or loss may be added thereto for nonpayment thereof.

Section 3.14Compliance with ERISA; Foreign Benefit Plans.

(a)ERISA Plans. Schedule 3.14 lists all Pension Plans and Multiemployer Plans of the Issuer and its Domestic Subsidiaries.
Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each ERISA Plan (and the related trusts and funding agreements)
complies in form and in operation with, has been administered in material compliance with, and the terms of each ERISA Plan satisfies,
the applicable requirements of ERISA and the Code in all material respects. Each ERISA Plan which is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code is so qualified, and the United States Internal Revenue Service has issued a favorable determination letter with respect
to each such ERISA Plan which may be relied on currently. Neither the Issuer nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries has incurred liability
for any material excise tax under any of Sections 4971 through 5000 of the Code.

(b)Pension
Plans and Multiemployer Plans. During the thirty-six (36) month period prior to making of the Notes, (i) no steps have been
taken to terminate any Pension Plan and (ii) no failure to make contributions with respect to any Pension Plan sufficient to give
rise to a Lien under the Code has occurred. All amounts required by Code Sections 412 and 430 to be funded by the Issuer or any
Domestic Subsidiary or any member of a Controlled Group with respect to a Pension Plan have been made in compliance therewith. No
condition exists or event or transaction has occurred with respect to any Pension Plan which could result in the incurrence by the
Issuer and Domestic Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, of any liabilities, fines and penalties exceeding $500,000 (excluding, for the
avoidance of doubt, current PBGC premiums or other contributions required by ERISA or other applicable Law in the ordinary course).
The Issuer and Domestic Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, have not incurred liabilities exceeding $500,000 to the PBGC (other than for
current premiums) with respect to any Pension Plan. All contributions (if any) have been made on a timely basis to any Multiemployer
Plan that are required to be made by the Issuer, any of its Domestic Subsidiaries or any member of the Controlled Group under the
terms of such plan, any collective bargaining agreement, or by applicable Law. Neither the Issuer, any of its Domestic Subsidiaries
nor any member of the Controlled Group (A) has withdrawn or partially withdrawn from any Multiemployer Plan, (B) has incurred any
withdrawal liability with respect to any such plan, or (C) has received notice of any claim or demand for withdrawal liability or
partial withdrawal liability from any such plan (in each case with respect to which there is any unsatisfied withdrawal liability).
No member of the Controlled Group has received any written notice that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization or termination,
that increased contributions may be required to avoid a reduction in plan benefits or the imposition of any excise tax, that any
such plan is or has been funded at a rate less than that required under Section 412 or Section 431 of the Code, that any such plan
is or may be terminated, or that any such plan is or is expected to become insolvent.

9

(c)With respect to each program, plan or arrangement mandated by a government other than the United States providing for post-employment
benefits (each a Foreign Government Benefit Plan) and with respect to each employee benefit plan maintained or contributed
to by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary that is not subject to Laws of the United States providing for post-employment benefits (each,
a Foreign Plan), to the Issuers and its Domestic Subsidiaries knowledge: (i) all employee and employee
contributions required by Law or by the terms of any Foreign Government Benefit Plan or any Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable,
accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices, (ii) the liability of the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary with respect to a
Foreign Plan is reflected in accordance with normal accounting practices or the financial statements of the Issuer or such Domestic Subsidiary,
as the case may be and (iii) each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing
with applicable regulatory authorities unless in each case under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to do so could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.15[Reserved].

Section 3.16Environmental Compliance.

(a)Hazardous
Materials. No Hazardous Materials (i) are currently located on any properties owned, leased or operated by the Issuer or any
Domestic Subsidiary in violation of any Environmental Law, except for violations which could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) have been released into the environment, or deposited, discharged, placed or disposed of at, on,
under or near any of such properties in a manner that would require the taking of any action by the Issuer or any Domestic
Subsidiary under any Environmental Law and have resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse
Effect. No portion of any such property is being used, or to the Issuers or its Domestic Subsidiaries knowledge, has
been used at any previous time, for the disposal, storage, treatment, processing or other handling of Hazardous Materials in
material violation of any Environmental Law nor to the Issuer's or its Domestic Subsidiaries knowledge is any such property
affected by any Hazardous Materials Contamination, which in each case, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. All written notifications of a release of Hazardous Materials required to be filed by or on behalf of the Issuer or any
Domestic Subsidiary under any applicable Environmental Law have been filed or are in the process of being timely filed by or on
behalf of the Issuer or Domestic Subsidiary, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

10

(b)Notices Regarding Environmental Compliance. No written notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation,
summons, complaint or order has been issued, no complaint has been filed, no penalty has been assessed and no investigation or review
is pending, or to the Issuers or and its Domestic Subsidiaries knowledge, threatened by any Governmental Authority or other
Person with respect to any (i) alleged violation by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary of any Environmental Law, (ii) alleged failure
by the Issuer or any such Domestic Subsidiary to have any Permits required in connection with the conduct of its business or to comply
with the terms and conditions thereof, (iii) any generation, treatment, storage, recycling, transportation or disposal of any Hazardous
Materials or (iv) release of Hazardous Materials, except in each case of the foregoing to the extent as would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)Properties Requiring Remediation. No property now owned or leased by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary and, to the Issuers
or its Domestic Subsidiaries knowledge, no such property previously owned or leased by the Issuer or any such Domestic Subsidiary,
to which the Issuer or any such Domestic Subsidiary has, directly or indirectly, transported or arranged for the transportation of any
Hazardous Materials, is listed or, to the Issuers or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries knowledge, proposed for listing, on
the National Priorities List promulgated pursuant to SEMS or any state list or is the subject of federal, state or local enforcement actions
or other investigations which may lead to claims against the Issuer or any such Domestic Subsidiary for clean-up costs, remedial work,
damage to natural resources or personal injury claims, including, but not limited to, claims under CERCLA or RCRA, except, in each case
of the foregoing, to the extent as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)Underground Storage Tanks. Neither the Issuer nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries operates any underground storage tanks
on any property owned or leased by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary that are not registered or permitted in accordance with applicable
Environmental Laws or that the Issuer or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries is required to monitor, maintain, retrofit, upgrade, investigate,
abate, remediate or remove under Environmental Law, except to the extent as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(e)Environmental
Liens. No Liens exist under or pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws on any real property or other assets owned by the
Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary, and to the Issuers or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries knowledge no actions by any
Governmental Authority have been taken or are in process which could subject any of such properties or assets to such Liens, except
to the extent as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

11

Section 3.17Intellectual Property.

The Issuer and each Domestic
Subsidiary owns, is licensed to use or otherwise has the right to use, all Intellectual Property Rights that are material to the business
or operations of the Issuer or such Domestic Subsidiary as currently conducted (Business Intellectual Property).

Section 3.18Real Property Interests.

As of each Closing Date, except
as set forth on Schedule 3.18 or in the SEC Reports, neither the Issuer nor any Domestic Subsidiary has any ownership, leasehold
or other possessory interest in real property. As of each Closing Date, Schedule 3.18 sets forth, with respect to each parcel of
real estate owned or leased by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary, the street address of each such parcel.

Section 3.19Insurance. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.19 or in the SEC Reports, the properties of the Issuer and its Domestic Subsidiaries
are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Issuer or its Domestic Subsidiaries in such
amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning
similar properties in locations where the Issuer and its Subsidiaries operate.

Section 3.20Bank Accounts.

Set forth on Schedule 3.20
is a listing of all of the deposit accounts, securities accounts, commodities accounts or other similar accounts of the Issuer and each
Domestic Subsidiary maintained by the Issuer and such Domestic Subsidiaries as of each Closing Date.

Section 3.21[Reserved].

Section 3.22[Reserved].

Section 3.23Debt.

Set forth on Schedule 3.23
or in the SEC Reports is a true and complete list of all Debt of the Issuer and such Schedule accurately sets forth the aggregate principal
amount of such Debt as of the Signing Date.

Section 3.24Treatment of Obligations.

All Obligations
including those to pay principal of and interest (including post-petition interest, whether or not allowed as a claim under
bankruptcy or similar laws) on the Notes and other Obligations, and fees and expenses in connection therewith, shall constitute
Senior Indebtedness or similar term relating to the Obligations and all such Obligations shall be entitled to the
benefits of the subordination provisions created by any subordination agreement subordinating any Debt permitted hereunder to the
Obligations in accordance with the terms hereof.

12

Section 3.25Material Non-Public Information. All material non-public information regarding the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary that
has been disclosed to the Purchasers on or prior to the date hereof, has been disclosed, or will be disclosed, in the 8-K filing to be
made by the Issuer prior to the commencement of trading on the first Trading Day following the date hereof.

Section 3.26Private Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties contained in Article
13, no registration of the Notes pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act or state securities or blue sky laws
will be required for the offer, sale or issuance of the Notes by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary to the Purchaser pursuant to this
Agreement.

Section 3.27Sanctions; Anti-Corruption.

(a)Neither the Issuer nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary, any employee,
agent, or affiliate of the Issuer or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries is an individual or entity (person) that is,
or is owned or controlled by persons that are: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC, the U.S. Department
of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the Government of Canada, Her Majestys Treasury, or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that
is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions (including Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

(b)The Issuer, its Domestic Subsidiaries and their respective directors and officers and, to the knowledge of the Issuer and any Domestic
Subsidiary, any employees and the agents of the Issuer and its Domestic Subsidiaries, are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions
and with the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption law. The Issuer and their Domestic Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain
policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance with applicable Sanctions, the FCPA, and any other applicable anti-corruption
laws.

Section 3.28[Reserved].

Section 3.29Issuance of the Securities. The Notes, the Common Warrants and the Incremental Warrants have been duly authorized and, when
issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Issuer,
enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their respective terms except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable laws
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance and other similar laws and by general equitable principles. The Underlying Shares
and the shares of Series B Preferred Stock have been duly authorized and when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents,
will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Issuer other than restrictions on transfer
provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Issuer has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common
Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof.

13

Section 3.30Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of
the Exchange Act, and the Issuer has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating
the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Issuer received any notification that the Commission is contemplating
terminating such registration. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.30 or in the SEC Reports, the Issuer is, and has no reason to
believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Issuer or another established clearing corporation
and the Issuer is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Issuer (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection
with such electronic transfer.

Section 3.31[Reserved].

Section 3.32No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Article
13, neither the Issuer, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made
any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of
the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Issuer for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration
of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which
any of the securities of the Issuer are listed or designated.

Section 3.33Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Issuer acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Issuer further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Issuer (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Issuer further represents to each Purchaser that the Issuers
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions
contemplated hereby by the Issuer and its representatives.

Section 3.34Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it
is understood and acknowledged by the Issuer that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Issuer to agree, nor has any
Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Issuer, or derivative
securities based on securities issued by the Issuer or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open
market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price
of the Issuers publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions
to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a short position in the Common
Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction by virtue of this Agreement. The Issuer further understands and acknowledges that (y)
one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding,
including, without limitation, during the periods that the value of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are
being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity
interests in the Issuer at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Issuer acknowledges that such
aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

14

Section 3.35Regulation M Compliance. The Issuer has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or
indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Issuer
to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases
of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other
securities of the Issuer, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with
the placement of the Securities.

ARTICLE
4

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Until all Obligations have
been Paid in Full, the Issuer agrees:

Section 4.1Financial Statements and Other Reports.

Upon the prior written request
of any Purchaser with respect to any of the items referred to below (provided that, to the extent, any such information is material, non-public
information, such Purchaser shall have agreed in writing with the Issuer to keep such information confidential pursuant to terms acceptable
to the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (it being understood that no such confidentiality arrangement shall include an obligation to
publicly disclose such information without the Issuers consent exercised in its sole discretion) and otherwise such item shall
not be required to be delivered or may otherwise be redacted by the Issuer), the Issuer to deliver to the Purchasers:

(a)[Reserved].

(b)Quarterly
Financial Statements. Within sixty (60) days after the end of any Fiscal Quarter ending after the First Closing Date (so long as
the request therefor is received by the last day of such Fiscal Quarter, otherwise promptly thereafter), a consolidated balance
sheet of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter, and for the portion of the Fiscal Year then ended together with in comparative form, the
figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and in the case of such financial
statements certified by a Responsible Officer of the Issuer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition
and results of operations of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries and as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a basis
consistent with the financial statements of the Issuer, subject to changes resulting from normal year-end adjustments and the
absence of footnote disclosures.

15

(c)Annual Financial Statements. Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2024,
a consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements
of operations, owners equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for
the previous Fiscal Year, audited by an independent public accountant of nationally recognized standing or other independent public accountants
(the Accountants); and, which report shall state that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects,
the financial position, on a consolidated basis, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years (except
as otherwise disclosed in such financial statements) and that the examination by such Accountants in connection with such financial statements
has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards.

(d)[Reserved].

(e)Regulatory Filing Information. Promptly upon their becoming available, copies of (i) all financial statements, material
reports, material notices and proxy statements sent or made available generally by the Issuer to its security holders, (ii) all regular
and periodic reports and all registration statements and prospectuses publicly filed by the Issuer with any securities exchange or with
the Commission or any successor, and (iii) all press releases and other statements made available generally by the Issuer concerning material
developments in the business of the Issuer .

(f)Notices of Material Events. Promptly upon any officer of the Issuer obtaining knowledge, (i) of the existence of any Event
of Default or Default, (ii) of the institution of any Litigation seeking equitable relief or involving an alleged liability of the Issuer
or Domestic Subsidiary in excess of $2,500,000 or (iii) any event or occurrence default which could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(g)[Reserved].

(h)Governmental Reports and Notices. Promptly upon receipt or filing thereof, copies of any reports or notices related to any
matter which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect which are received by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary
from, or filed by the Issuer or any Domestic Subsidiary with, any Governmental Authority.

(i)Notices with Respect to Other Debt. Promptly upon receipt or delivery thereof, as applicable, copies of default notices,
amendments and other material deliverables (other than in the ordinary course of business) which the Issuer delivers to or receives from
any lender or credit provider under any material Debt of the Issuer.

(j)Credit
Party Information. With reasonable promptness, such other information and data with respect to the Issuer or any Domestic
Subsidiary as from time to time may be reasonably requested by any Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
nothing in any Financing Document shall require the Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries to provide information to any Purchaser (i)
that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) the disclosure of which is prohibited by
applicable Law, (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) the
disclosure of which is restricted by a binding non-disclosure agreement or other contractual restriction owed to a third party that
is not an Affiliate.

16

Any such document or report that the Issuer files
with the Commission via EDGAR or otherwise makes publicly available on its website shall be deemed to be delivered with the Purchasers
for purposes of this Section 4.1 at the time such documents are filed via EDGAR or posted to such website as long as, with respect
to documents or reports posted on the Issuers website, the Issuer has notified the Lead Purchaser that such filing has been made.

Section 4.2Payment and Performance of Obligations.

The Issuer (a) will pay and
discharge, and cause each Subsidiary to pay and discharge, at or before maturity, all of its respective material Tax liabilities and similar
governmental obligations, except for such obligations and/or liabilities that may be the subject of a Permitted Contest, and (b) will
not breach or permit any Subsidiary to breach, or permit to exist any default under, the terms of any lease, license, commitment, contract
or instrument to which it is a party, or by which its properties or assets are bound, except for such breaches or defaults which could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.3Maintenance of Existence.

The Issuer will preserve,
renew and keep in full force and effect, and will cause each Subsidiary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect, (a) its
legal existence (other than in connection with a transaction expressly permitted pursuant to Section 5.7) and (b) all rights, privileges
and franchises necessary in the normal conduct of business, other than, in the case of this clause (b), (i) in connection with a transaction
expressly permitted pursuant to Section 5.7 or (ii) where a failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 4.4Maintenance of Property; Insurance.

(a)Maintenance of Property. The Issuer will keep, and will cause each Subsidiary to keep, all property necessary in its business
in good working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear, casualty and condemnation excepted), except to the extent the failure to
do so has not resulted in, or could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)[Reserved].

(c)[Reserved].

(d)[Reserved].

17

Section 4.5Compliance with Laws.

The Issuer will comply, and
cause each Subsidiary to comply, with the requirements of all applicable Laws, except to the extent that failure to so comply could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.6Inspection of Property, Books and Records, Appraisals; Account Verifications.

The Issuer will keep, and
will cause each Domestic Subsidiary to keep, proper books of record and account in accordance, in all material respects, with GAAP in
which full, true and correct entries in all material respects shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business
and activities. The Issuer will permit, and will cause each Subsidiary to permit during normal business hours following reasonable advance
notice (during the continuance of an Event of Default, no such notice shall be required), at the sole cost of the Issuer, representatives
of the Lead Purchaser (which may be accompanied by representatives of each Purchaser) to visit and inspect any of their respective properties,
to examine and make abstracts or copies from any of their respective books and records, to conduct collateral audits, physical inspections
and analyses of their respective assets and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers,
employees and independent public accountants; provided that (a) excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation
of an Event of Default, only the Lead Purchaser may exercise rights under this Section 4.6 and the Lead Purchaser shall not exercise such
rights more often than two (2) times during any calendar year absent the continuation of an Event of Default and only one (1) such time
shall be at the Issuer expense and (b) when an Event of Default is continuing, the Lead Purchaser may do any of the foregoing at
the expense of the Issuer. In addition to the foregoing, from time to time, if the Lead Purchaser reasonably determines in good faith
that obtaining appraisals is necessary in order for the Lead Purchaser or any Purchaser to comply with applicable Laws or regulations,
and at any time if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Lead Purchaser may, at the sole cost of the Issuer require
the Issuer to obtain and deliver to the Lead Purchaser appraisal reports in form and substance and from appraisers reasonably satisfactory
to the Lead Purchaser stating the then current market values of all or any portion of the real estate and personal property owned by the
Issuer and Subsidiaries.

Section 4.7Use of Proceeds.

(a)The Issuer will use the proceeds of the Notes solely (a) to pay transaction fees and expenses incurred in connection with the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (b) for general working capital purposes and other corporate purposes.

(b)Without limiting the generality of Section 4.7(a) above, the Issuer does not intend to use nor shall it use any portion
of the proceeds of the Notes, directly or, to the Issuers knowledge, indirectly, for any purpose in violation of the Trading with
the Enemy Act or to purchase or carry, or to reduce or refinance any Debt incurred to purchase or carry, any margin stock (as defined
in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System) or for any related purpose governed by Regulations T, U or X
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

Section 4.8[Reserved].

18

Section 4.9Sanctions; Anti-Corruption Laws.

The Issuer will maintain in
effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, and their respective directors, officers,
employees, and agents with applicable Sanctions and with the FCPA, CFPOA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws.

Section 4.10[Reserved].

Section 4.11Further Assurances.

(a)General. The Issuer will, and will cause each Domestic Subsidiary, at their own cost and expense, to promptly and duly take,
execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further acts, documents and assurances as may from time to time be reasonably necessary or as
the Lead Purchaser or the Required Purchasers may from time to time reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and purposes of
the Financing Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.

(b)[Reserved].

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Exercise of Incremental Warrant. Prior to a Purchasers exercise of any of its Incremental Warrants, the Issuer shall
provide the Purchaser with information reasonably requested by such Purchaser; provided, however, that the Issuer shall, in accordance
with Section 3.25, 4.18, and 4.20, not provide such Purchaser with any material, non-public information unless such
request is made by the Purchaser in writing.

Section 4.12Post-Closing Deliverables.

In order to induce the Purchasers
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the following documents and/or actions shall be taken, executed and/or
delivered no later than the respective dates set forth below:

(a)Reserved.

(b)Reserved.

(c)Annual Report. The Issuer shall timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 within
the period prescribed by the Exchange Act, including any extensions permitted pursuant to Rule 12b-25.

(d)Registration
Statement. The Issuer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, within forty-five (45) calendar days after the Signing Date,
file a registration statement (the Registration Statement) on the appropriate form to register the resale by
the Purchasers of all shares issuable pursuant to the Notes (including Incremental Notes) and the Common Warrants issued pursuant to
this Agreement and the Incremental Warrants, as applicable. The Issuer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such
Registration Statement to become effective within ninety (90) days following, solely with respect to the Registration Statement, the
Signing Date, and to keep the Registration Statement and any replacement or additional registration statement effective at all times
until no Purchaser owns any Notes, Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants, Incremental Notes or shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion or exercise thereof.

19

(e)Reserved.

(f)Reserved.

Section 4.13Register; Transfer Agent Instructions; Legend.

(a)Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as
it may designate by notice to each holder of Securities), a register for the Notes in which the Company shall record the name and address
of the Person in whose name the Notes have been issued (including the name and address of each transferee), the principal amount of the
Notes held by such Person and the number of Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes held by such Person. The Company
shall keep the register available during business hours for inspection of any Purchaser or its legal representatives upon their reasonable
request.

(b)Legends. Each Purchaser understands that the Securities have been issued pursuant to an exemption from registration or qualification
under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, and except as set forth below, the Securities shall bear any legend as
required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer
order may be placed against transfer of such stock certificates):

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND
SALE OF THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE] HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B)
AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS
NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED
BY THE SECURITIES.

(c)Removal
of Legends. Certificates or other documents evidencing Securities shall not be required to contain the legend set forth in Section
4.13(b) above or any other legend (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such Securities is effective under
the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Securities pursuant to Rule 144 (as defined below) (assuming the transferor is
not an affiliate of the Company), (iii) if such Securities are eligible to be sold, assigned or transferred under Rule 144
((provided that a Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurances that such Securities are eligible for sale, assignment
or transfer under Rule 144 which shall not include an opinion of the Purchasers counsel, but may include customary Rule 144
investor and broker representation letters), (iv) in connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer (other than under Rule
144), provided that such Purchaser provides the Company with an opinion of counsel to such Purchaser, in a generally acceptable
form, to the effect that such sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities may be made without registration under the applicable
requirements of the Securities Act or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act
(including, without limitation, controlling judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the Commission). If a legend is
not required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company shall no later than one (1) Trading Day (or such earlier date as required
pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the date such
Purchaser delivers such legended certificate representing such Securities to the Company) following the delivery by a Purchaser to
the Company or the Companys Transfer Agent (with notice to the Company) of a legended certificate or entry representing such
Securities (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in form necessary to affect the reissuance
and/or transfer, if applicable), together with any other deliveries from such Purchaser as may be required above in this Section
4.13(c), as directed by such Purchaser, either: (A) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in The Depository Trust
Company (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST) and such Securities are
Conversion Shares, credit the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which such Purchaser shall be entitled to such
Purchasers or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B) if the
Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to such Purchaser, a certificate or
other documentation representing such Securities that is free from all restrictive and other legends, registered in the name of such
Purchaser or its designee (the date by which such credit is so required to be made to the balance account of such Purchasers
or such Purchasers designee with DTC or such certificate is required to be delivered to such Purchaser pursuant to the
foregoing is referred to herein as the Required Delivery Date, and the date such shares of Common Stock are
actually delivered without restrictive legend to such Purchaser or such Purchasers designee with DTC, as applicable, the
Share Delivery Date). The Company shall be responsible for any transfer agent fees or DTC fees with respect to
any issuance of Securities or the removal of any legends with respect to any Securities in accordance herewith. Any fees (with
respect to the Transfer Agent, counsel to the Company or otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion or the removal of
any legends on any of the Securities shall be borne by the Company.

20

(d)Failure
to Timely Deliver; Buy-In. If the Company fails, for any reason or for no reason, to issue and deliver (or cause to be
delivered) to a Purchaser (or its designee) by the Required Delivery Date, either (i) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in
FAST, a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Purchaser is entitled and register such Conversion Shares on
the Companys share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the balance account of such
Purchaser or such Purchasers designee with DTC for such number of Conversion Shares submitted for legend removal by such
Purchaser pursuant to Section 4.13(c) above or (ii) if a registration statement declared effective after the date hereof and
covering the resale of the Conversion Shares submitted for legend removal by such Purchaser pursuant to Section 4.13(c) above (the
Unavailable Shares) is not available for the resale of such Unavailable Shares and the Company fails to
promptly (x) so notify such Purchaser and (y) deliver the Conversion Shares electronically without any restrictive legend by
crediting such aggregate number of Conversion Shares submitted for legend removal by such Purchaser pursuant to Section 4.13(c)
above to such Purchasers or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system
(the event described in the immediately foregoing clause (ii) is hereinafter referred as a Notice Failure and
together with the event described in clause (i) above, a Delivery Failure), then, in addition to all other
remedies available to such Purchaser, the Company shall pay in cash to such Purchaser on each day after the Required Delivery Date
and during such Delivery Failure an amount equal to 1% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not
issued to such Purchaser on or prior to the Required Delivery Date and to which such Purchaser is entitled, and (B) the lowest
Closing Bid Price (as defined in the Common Warrant) of the Common Stock of any Trading Day during the period beginning on the
applicable Required Delivery Date and ending on the applicable Share Delivery Date. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to
the Required Delivery Date either (I) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, the Company shall fail to issue and
deliver a certificate to a Purchaser and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys share register or, if the
Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, credit the balance account of such Purchaser or such Purchasers designee with DTC
for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such Purchaser submitted for legend removal by such Purchaser pursuant to Section
4.13(c) above or (II) a Notice Failure occurs, and if on or after such Trading Day such Purchaser purchases (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of shares of Common Stock
submitted for legend removal by such Purchaser pursuant to Section 4.13(c) above that such Purchaser is entitled to receive from the
Company (a Buy-In), then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after such Purchasers request
and in such Purchasers discretion, either (x) pay cash to such Purchaser in an amount equal to such Purchasers total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, for the shares of Common Stock so
purchased) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to so deliver such certificate or
credit such Purchasers balance account shall terminate and such shares shall be cancelled, or (y) promptly honor its
obligation to so deliver to such Purchaser a certificate or certificates or credit the balance account of such Purchaser or such
Purchasers designee with DTC representing such number of shares of Common Stock that would have been so delivered if the
Company timely complied with its obligations hereunder and pay cash to such Purchaser in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of
the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of Conversion Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such
Purchaser by the Required Delivery Date multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing Bid Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during
the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Conversion Shares and ending on
the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (y). Nothing shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock (or
to electronically deliver such shares of Common Stock) as required pursuant to the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, with respect to any given Notice Failure and/or Delivery Failure, this Section 4.13(d) shall not apply to the
applicable Purchaser to the extent the Company has already paid such amounts in full to such Purchaser with respect to such Notice
Failure and/or Delivery Failure, as applicable, pursuant to the analogous sections of the Note held by such Purchaser.

21

(e)Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent and any subsequent transfer
agent in a form acceptable to the Purchasers (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions) to issue certificates
or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC, registered in the name of the applicable Purchaser or its respective nominee(s),
for the Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by each Purchaser to the Company upon conversion of the Notes.
The Company represents and warrants that no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section
4.13(e), and stop transfer instructions to give effect to Section 13.17 hereof, will be given by the Company to the Transfer Agent
with respect to the Securities, and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company,
as applicable, to the extent provided in this Agreement and the other Financing Documents (assuming the conditions of paragraphs (c)(1)
and (d) of Rule 144 are met and the Purchaser is not an affiliate of the Company). If a Purchaser effects a sale, assignment or transfer
of the Securities in accordance with Section 13.17, the Company shall permit the transfer and shall promptly instruct Transfer
Agent to issue one or more certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC in such name and in such denominations
as specified by such Purchaser to effect such sale, transfer or assignment. In the event that such sale, assignment or transfer involves
Conversion Shares sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement or in compliance with Rule 144, the Transfer
Agent shall issue such shares to such Purchaser, assignee or transferee (as the case may be) without any restrictive legend in accordance
with Section 4.13(c) above. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm
to a Purchaser. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 4.13(e)
will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section 4.13(e),
that a Purchaser shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an order and/or injunction restraining any breach
and requiring immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required. The Company shall cause its counsel to issue the legal opinion referred to in the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to
the Transfer Agent on each effective date of a registration statement with respect to the Conversion Shares, if any. Any fees (with respect
to the Transfer Agent, counsel to the Company or otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion or the removal of any legends
on any of the Securities shall be borne by the Company.

Section 4.14Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Issuer acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Issuer further acknowledges that its obligations
under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the
effect of any such dilution or any claim the Issuer may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance
may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Issuer.

Section 4.15Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a) The Issuer covenants to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section
12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable
grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Issuer after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Issuer is
not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

22

Section 4.16Integration. Each of the form of Notice of Exercise included in the Common Warrants and the Incremental Warrants and the
form of Notice of Conversion included in the Notes set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise
the Common Warrants and the Incremental Warrants or convert the Notes. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice
of Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization)
of any Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form be required in order to exercise the Common Warrants or the Incremental Warrants
or convert the Notes. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their
Common Warrants or the Incremental Warrants or convert their Notes. The Issuer shall honor exercises of the Common Warrants and the Incremental
Warrants and conversions of the Notes and shall deliver Underlying Shares and Incremental Notes in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

Section 4.17Conversion and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Notice of Exercise included in the Common Warrants and the Incremental
Warrants and the form of Notice of Conversion included in the Notes set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers
in order to exercise the Common Warrants or the Incremental Warrants or convert the Notes. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no
ink-original Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form be required in order to exercise the Common Warrants or the Incremental
Warrants or convert the Notes. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise
their Common Warrants or Incremental Warrants or convert their Notes other than any such information or documentation as the Issuer may
reasonably request. The Issuer shall honor exercises of the Common Warrants and Incremental Warrants and conversions of the Notes and
shall deliver Underlying Shares and Incremental Notes in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction
Documents.

Section 4.18Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Issuer shall, on or prior to 5:30 p.m., Eastern Time, on the first Trading Day following the
date hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission. From
and after the filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, the Issuer represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly
disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, or any
of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, the Issuer acknowledges and agrees
that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Issuer, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, on the one hand, and any of
the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Issuer
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of
the Issuer. The Issuer and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Issuer nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any
such public statement without the prior consent of the Issuer, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the
prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Issuer, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld
or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law or requested by a governmental authority or self-regulatory organization,
in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or
communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of
such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement under the
Securities Act and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is
required by law or Trading Market regulations or requested by a governmental authority or self-regulatory organization, in which
case the Issuer shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably
cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

23

Section 4.19Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Issuer or, with the consent of the Issuer, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including
any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Issuer,
or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under
the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Issuer and the Purchasers.

Section 4.20Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.18, and as otherwise provided in this Agreement including
Section 4.1 and Section 4.24, the Issuer covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf
will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Issuer reasonably believes constitutes,
material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information
and agreed in writing with the Issuer to keep such information confidential. The Issuer understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall
be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Issuer.

Section 4.21Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a)The Issuer shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum on the date hereof from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock
for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

(b)If,
on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required
Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to hold two special meetings of
shareholders (which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) to amend the Issuers certificate or articles of
incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such
time, as soon as possible and in any event the first applicable Issuer stockholders meeting shall not be later than the 120th day
after such date (and if the required Issuer stockholder approval is not obtained at such meeting, then the second applicable Issuer
stockholders meeting shall not be later than the 120th day after the first applicable Issuer stockholders meeting, and if the
required Issuer stockholder approval is not obtained at such second meeting, the Issuer shall use reasonable best efforts to seek
such approval at each subsequent annual meeting until such approval is obtained).

24

(c)The Issuer shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such
Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum
on the date of such application, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock
to be approved for listing or quotation on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchasers evidence
of such listing or quotation as promptly as practicable after receipt thereof and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on such Trading Market or
another Trading Market. The Issuer agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Issuer or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment
of fees to the Depository Trust Issuer or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

Section 4.22Stockholder Approval. The Issuer shall use its reasonable best efforts to hold two (if necessary) special meetings of shareholders
(which may also be at the annual meeting of shareholders) as promptly as reasonably practical under the circumstances after the First
Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining Stockholder Approval (but no later than the seventy-five (75) days following the First Closing
Date), with the recommendation of the Issuers Board of Directors that such proposal be approved, and the Issuer shall solicit proxies
from its shareholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed
proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposal. The Issuer shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder
Approval. If the Issuer does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first special meeting, the Issuer shall call a second special meeting
within thirty (30) days from the date of the first special meeting to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval
and shall continue to call a special meeting (each, a Subsequent Meeting) within thirty (30) days from the date of
the prior special meeting to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date Stockholder
Approval is obtained or no Notes, Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants, shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Incremental Notes are outstanding.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers obligation to call a Subsequent Meeting shall be deemed satisfied so long as the Issuer
files a preliminary proxy statement on Schedule 14A within thirty (30) days from the date of the prior special meeting.

Section 4.23Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither
it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Issuers securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the filing of the Current
Report on Form 8-K as described in Section 4.18. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers,
covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Issuer pursuant to
the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K as described in Section 4.18, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality
of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to
its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary including Section 4.1 and Section 4.24, the Issuer expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser
makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the
Issuer after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the filing of
the Current Report on Form 8-K as described in Section 4.18, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from
effecting any transactions in any securities of the Issuer in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time
that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the filing of the Current Report on
Form 8-K as described in Section 4.18 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in
the securities of the Issuer to the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the filing of the Current Report on
Form 8-K as described in Section 4.18. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio
managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such
Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the
portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

25

Section 4.24Blue Sky Filings. The Issuer shall take such action as the Issuer shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain
an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the applicable Closing under applicable securities or Blue
Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

ARTICLE
5

[Reserved]

ARTICLE
6

[RESERVED]

ARTICLE
7

CONDITIONS

Section 7.1Conditions to Closings.

The obligation of each Purchaser
under Section 2.1(a)(i) to purchase Notes hereunder shall be subject to the receipt by each Purchaser of each Financing Document
to be entered into on the applicable Closing Date and each other agreement, document and instrument set forth on the Closing Checklist
to be entered into or delivered on such Closing Date, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to each Purchaser, and to the
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to, and to the satisfaction of,
each Purchaser:

(a)receipt by the Purchasers of executed copies of the Financing Documents (other than the Notes);

(b)[reserved];

(c)receipt by Purchasers of the financial statements referenced in Sections 3.5(a) and (b);

26

(d)receipt of a customary legal opinion of Pryor Cashman LLP, as special counsel to the Issuer;

(e)[reserved];

(f)receipt of payment of all fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable on such Closing Date under each Financing Document;

(g)the representations and warranties contained in the Financing Documents are true and correct in all material respects (without
duplication of any materiality qualifier) as of such Closing Date, both before and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated
by the Financing Documents;

(h)receipt of all customary resolutions or written consents of the Issuers board of directors approving and authorizing the
transactions contemplated hereby;

(i)The closing price of the Common Stock is equal to or greater than $1.00 per share at the time of each Closing; and

(j)the Issuer shall have filed the Series B COD (as defined below) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

For purposes of determining
whether the conditions specified in this Section 7.1 have been satisfied, by funding amounts for the purchase of the Notes hereunder
at each Closing, each Purchaser shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or
other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to each Purchaser.

Section 7.2Additional Conditions to the First Closing.

The obligation of each Purchaser
under Section 2.1(a)(i) to purchase the First Notes hereunder shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions,
each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Purchaser:

(i)the Issuer has delivered to each applicable Purchaser, a Common Warrant
registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Conversion Shares under such Purchasers Note on such First Closing, with an exercise price equal to $1.548, subject to adjustment
therein, in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto;

27

(ii)the Issuer has delivered to each applicable Purchaser, an Incremental Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
Incremental Notes in an amount up to the amount of such Purchasers Note issued on such Closing Date, subject to adjustment therein, in the form attached as Exhibit C hereto;

(iii)the Issuer has delivered to each applicable Purchaser, its applicable First Note; and

(iv)the Issuer has delivered to each Purchaser its applicable shares of Series B Preferred Stock associated with the First Note.

Section 7.3Conditions to the Subsequent Closings.

The obligation of each Purchaser
under Section 2.1(a)(i) to purchase each subsequent Notes hereunder shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions,
each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Purchaser:

(i)the Issuer has delivered to each applicable Purchaser, a Common Warrant
registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers
Conversion Shares under such Purchasers subsequent Note on such Subsequent Closing, with an exercise price equal to $1.548, subject
to adjustment therein, in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto;

(ii)the Issuer has delivered to each applicable Purchaser, an Incremental Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
Incremental Notes in an amount up to the amount of such Purchasers subsequent Note;

(iii)the Issuer has delivered to each applicable Purchaser, the applicable subsequent Note;

(iv)the Issuer has delivered to each Purchaser its applicable shares of Series B Preferred Stock associated with each applicable subsequent
Note;

28

(v) no Default or Event of Default shall exist under any outstanding Notes; and

(vi)the previous Notes have been issued and purchased in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
8

[Reserved]

ARTICLE
9

EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY

Section 9.1Expenses.

The Issuer hereby agrees
to promptly pay (a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Purchasers (but limited, in the case of
legal expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses of (i) two (2) firms of counsel to the
Purchasers in each relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interests of the Purchasers (which shall include counsel to the
Lead Purchaser) and (ii) if reasonably necessary, a single local or special counsel for the Purchasers, taken as a whole, in each
relevant jurisdiction or specialty (including restructuring matters) that is material to the interest of such Persons (which may be
a single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions), and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of
interest between the Purchasers (where the Person affected by such conflict of interest informs the Issuer in writing of such
conflict of interest), one (1) additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of affected Persons similarly situated
taken as a whole), in connection with loan proposals and commitments, in connection with the examination, review, due diligence
investigation, documentation, negotiation, closing and syndication of the transactions contemplated by the Financing Documents, in
connection with the performance by the Purchasers of their respective rights and remedies under the Financing Documents and in
connection with the continued administration of the Financing Documents including (A) any amendments, modifications, consents and
waivers to and/or under any and all Financing Documents and (B) any public record searches conducted by or at the request of the
Purchasers from time to time (including, without limitation, title investigations and public records searches, pending litigation
and tax lien searches and searches of applicable corporate, limited liability, partnership and related records concerning the
continued existence, organization and good standing of certain Persons), (b) without limitation of the preceding clause (a), all
documented costs and expenses of each Purchaser and its Affiliates, as applicable, in connection with (i) any litigation, dispute,
suit or proceeding relating to any Financing Document, and (ii) any workout, collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other
enforcement proceedings under any and all of the Financing Documents (it being agreed that such costs and expenses may include the
costs and expenses of workout consultants, investment bankers, financial consultants, appraisers, valuation firms and other advisors
(but limited, in the case of legal expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses of (i) two (2)
firms of counsel to the Purchasers in each relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interests of the Purchasers (which shall
include counsel to the Lead Purchaser) and (ii) if reasonably necessary, a single or special local counsel for the Purchasers, in
each relevant jurisdiction or specialty (including restructuring matters) that is material to the interest of such Persons (which
may be a single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions), one (1) additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction
to each group of affected Persons similarly situated taken as a whole)), and (c) all reasonable and documented out of pocket fees,
costs and expenses incurred by the Purchasers in connection with (i) any inspections or visits in accordance with Section 4.6
and (ii) any litigation, dispute, suit or proceeding relating to any Financing Document or in connection with any workout,
collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other enforcement proceedings under any and all Financing Documents (but limited, in the case
of legal expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses of (i) two (2) firms of counsel to the
Purchasers in each relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interests of the Purchasers (which shall include counsel to the
Lead Purchaser) and (ii) if reasonably necessary, a single local or special counsel for the Purchasers, in each relevant
jurisdiction or specialty (including restructuring matters) that is material to the interest of such Persons (which may be a single
local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions), one (1) additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of
affected Persons similarly situated taken as a whole). Without limiting the foregoing, if the Issuer is required to take any action
under any Financing Document, such action shall be taken at the expense of the Issuer. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the aggregate amount of the Issuers reimbursement obligations incurred pursuant to this Section 9.1 for
legal expenses of each Purchaser up to the First Closing shall not exceed $50,000.

29

Section 9.2Indemnity.

In consideration for the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Purchasers and the agreement to purchase the Purchased Securities provided
hereunder, the Issuer hereby agrees to indemnify, pay and hold harmless the Purchasers and their respective Affiliates and the
officers, directors, employees, trustees, agents, investment advisors, collateral managers, servicers, and counsel of the Purchasers
and their respective Affiliates (collectively called the Indemnitees) from and against any and all liabilities,
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, claims, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature
whatsoever (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and
expenses of one (1) firm of counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all
Indemnitees taken as a whole in each relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interest of such Indemnitees (which may be a
single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions), and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of
interest between Indemnitees (where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict of interest informs the Issuer in writing of such
conflict of interest), one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of affected Indemnitees similarly situated
taken as a whole), in connection with any investigative, remedial, administrative, judicial or other like matter or proceeding
(whether initiated or threatened), whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a party thereto and including any such
proceeding initiated by or on behalf of the Issuer, and the reasonable expenses of investigation by engineers, environmental
consultants and similar technical personnel and any commission, fee or compensation claimed by any broker (other than any broker
retained by Purchasers) asserting any right to payment for the transactions contemplated hereby, which may be imposed on, incurred
by or asserted against such Indemnitee as a result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the
other Financing Documents, the Notes and other Obligations and/or the transactions contemplated hereby including the applicable
Closing Date Transactions (including (a)(i) as a direct or indirect result of the presence on or under, or escape, seepage, leakage,
spillage, discharge, emission or release from, any property now or previously owned, leased or operated by the Issuer thereof of any
Hazardous Materials or any Hazardous Materials Contamination, (ii) arising out of or relating to the offsite disposal of any
materials generated or present on any such property or (iii) arising out of or resulting from the environmental condition of any
such property or the applicability of any governmental requirements relating to Hazardous Materials, whether or not occasioned
wholly or in part by any condition, accident or event caused by any act or omission of the Issuer, and (b) proposed and actual
extensions of credit under this Agreement) and the use or intended use of the proceeds of the Purchased Securities, except that the
issuer shall have no obligation hereunder to an Indemnitee with respect to any liability resulting from (A) the fraud, bad faith,
gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction, (B) a material breach of any obligations of such Indemnitee under any Financing Document by such Indemnitee in bad
faith, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (C) disputes solely among
Indemnitees not arising from the conduct of the Issuer. To the extent that the undertaking set forth in the immediately preceding
sentence may be unenforceable, the Issuer shall contribute the maximum portion which they are permitted to pay and satisfy under
applicable Law to the payment and satisfaction of all such indemnified liabilities incurred by the Indemnitees or any of them. This Section
9.2 shall not apply to claims for expenses or indemnification for Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims,
damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. All Obligations provided for in this Section 9.2 shall survive repayment of the
Notes, cancellation of the Notes, any foreclosure under, or any modification, release or discharge of, and termination of this
Agreement. All amounts due under this Section 9.2 shall be paid within thirty (30) days after written demand therefor.

ARTICLE
10

TAXES; YIELD PROTECTION

Section 10.1Taxes.

(a)[Reserved]

(b)Other Taxes. The Issuer agrees to timely pay to the applicable Governmental Authority any present or future stamp, intangible,
recording or documentary Taxes or any other similar Taxes that arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery,
performance, recordation, or filing of, or otherwise with respect to this Agreement or any other Financing Document, except any such Taxes
that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (Other Taxes).

(c)Indemnification. The Issuer shall jointly and severally indemnify the Purchasers, within ten (10) days after demand therefor,
for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under
this Section) payable or paid by the Purchasers or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to the Purchasers and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted
by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Issuer by a Purchaser
shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

30

(d) Foreign Purchasers.
Each Foreign Purchaser that is a party hereto on a Closing Date or purports to become an assignee of an interest pursuant to Section
12.6(a) after such Closing Date (unless such Purchaser was already a Purchaser hereunder immediately prior to such assignment) shall
execute and deliver to the Issuer United States Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8ECI, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, or W-8IMY (as applicable) and
other applicable forms, certificates or documents prescribed by the United States Internal Revenue Service or reasonably requested as
to such Purchasers entitlement to a complete exemption from withholding or deduction of Taxes, if any, on or prior the date on
which such Foreign Purchaser becomes a party hereto or becomes an assignee of an interest pursuant to Section 12.6(a) (and from
time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Issuer). Any Foreign Purchaser that is relying on the portfolio interest exception
of Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code, shall also provide each Issuer along with IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable,
a certificate representing to each Issuer that such Foreign Purchaser is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c) of the
Code, is not a 10% holder of any Issuer described in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, is not a controlled foreign corporation receiving
interest from a related person (within the meaning of Sections 881(c)(3)(C) and 864(d)(4) of the Code) and is not a conduit entity participating
in a conduit financing arrangement as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.881-3, at such time (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of the Issuer). Each Purchaser shall provide new forms (or successor forms) or certificates upon the expiration
or obsolescence of any previously delivered forms, to the extent legally entitled to do so, and to promptly notify each Issuer of any
change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction. If a payment made to a Purchaser under
any Financing Document or any payment would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Purchaser were to fail
to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as
applicable), such Purchaser shall deliver to the Issuer, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably
requested by the Issuer, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the
Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Issuer as may be necessary for the Issuer to comply with its obligations
under FATCA, to determine that such Purchaser has complied with such Purchasers obligations under FATCA, or to determine the amount
to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of the preceding sentence, FATCA shall include any amendments
made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Furthermore, any Foreign Purchaser shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do
so and to the extent in any Purchasers reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would not subject such Purchaser
to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Purchaser, deliver
to the Issuer on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Purchaser becomes a Purchaser under this Agreement or becomes an assignee
of an interest pursuant to Section 12.6(a) (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Issuer), executed
originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding
Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Issuer to determine
the withholding or deduction required to be made.

31

(e)United
States Purchasers. Any Purchaser other than a Foreign Purchaser that is a party hereto on a Closing Date or purports to become
an assignee of an interest pursuant to Section 12.6(a) after such Closing Date (unless such Purchaser was already a Purchaser
hereunder immediately prior to such assignment) shall execute and deliver to the Issuer one or more (as the Issuer may reasonably
request) United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, certifying to such Purchasers U.S. Taxpayer Identification Number
and that it is not subject to United States federal backup withholding taxes on or about the date on which such Purchaser becomes a
party hereto or becomes an assignee of an interest pursuant to Section 12.6(a) (and from time to time thereafter upon the
reasonable request of the Issuer). Each Purchaser shall provide new forms (or successor forms) upon the expiration or obsolescence
of any previously delivered forms pursuant to this paragraph (e) and to promptly notify the Issuer of any change in circumstances
which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction.

Section 10.2Capital Adequacy.

If any Purchaser shall reasonably
determine that the adoption or taking effect of, or any change in, any applicable Law regarding capital adequacy, in each instance, after
a Closing Date, or any change after such Closing Date in the interpretation, administration or application thereof by any Governmental
Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation, administration or application thereof, or the compliance
by any Purchaser or any Person controlling such Purchaser with any request, guideline or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether
or not having the force of Law) of any such Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of
reducing the rate of return on such Purchasers or such controlling Persons capital as a consequence of such Purchasers
obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Purchaser or such controlling Person could have achieved but for such adoption,
phase-in, phase-opt, change, interpretation, administration, application or compliance (taking into consideration such Purchasers
or such controlling Persons policies with respect to capital adequacy) then from time to time, upon written demand by such Purchaser
(which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for such demand and a calculation of the amount thereof in reasonable
detail, a copy of which shall be furnished to each Purchaser), the Issuer shall promptly pay to such Purchaser such additional amounts
as will compensate such Purchaser or such controlling Person for such reduction, so long as such amounts have accrued on or after the
day which is one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date on which such Purchaser first made demand therefor; provided that
if the event giving rise to such amount has retroactive effect, such one hundred eighty (180) day period shall be extended to include
the period of retroactive effect.

Section 10.3Increased Costs.

If any Purchaser shall reasonably
determine that the adoption or taking effect of, or any change in, any applicable Law, in each instance, after a Closing Date, or any
change after such Closing Date in the interpretation, administration or application of any Law by any Governmental Authority, central
bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation, administration or application thereof, or the compliance by any Purchaser or
any Person controlling such Purchaser with any request, guideline or directive of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency:
(a) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including any reserve imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, or any successor thereto), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by any Purchaser, or (b) shall impose on any Purchaser any other condition
affecting its Notes, any of its Notes (if any) or its obligation to make Notes; and the result of anything described in
clauses (a) and (b) above is to increase the cost to (or to impose a cost on) such Purchaser of making or maintaining any Notes, or to
reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Purchaser under this Agreement or under any of its Notes (if any) with respect
thereto, then upon demand by such Purchaser (which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for such demand
and a calculation of the amount thereof in reasonable detail), the Issuer shall promptly, and in any event within thirty (30) days of
demand therefor, pay directly to such Purchaser such additional amount as will compensate such Purchaser or controlling Person for such
increased cost or such reduction, so long as such amounts have accrued on or after the day which is one hundred eighty (180) days prior
to the date on which such Purchaser first made demand therefor; provided that if the event giving rise to such amount has retroactive
effect, such one hundred eighty (180) day period shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect.

32

Section 10.4Mitigation Obligations.

If any Purchaser requests
compensation under either Section 10.2 or Section 10.3, or requires Issuer to pay any additional amount to any Purchaser
or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Purchaser pursuant to Section 10.1, then, upon the written request of the
Issuer, such Purchaser shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Notes hereunder
or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder (subject to the provisions of Section 12.6) to another of its offices, branches
or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Purchaser, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate or materially reduce amounts
payable pursuant to any such Section, as the case may be, in the future, (b) would not subject such Purchaser to any unreimbursed cost
or expense and (c) would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Purchaser (as determined in its sole discretion). Without limitation
of the provisions of Section 9.1, Issuer hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred
by any Purchaser in connection with any such designation or assignment.

Section 10.5Conclusiveness of Statements; Survival.

Determinations and statements
of any Purchaser pursuant to Sections 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.
The Purchasers may use reasonable averaging and attribution methods in determining compensation under Sections 10.1, 10.2
and 10.3, and the provisions of such Sections shall survive repayment of the Notes and termination of this Agreement.

Section 10.6Dodd-Frank.

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all rules, regulations, guidelines and directives
thereunder or issued in connection therewith (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated
by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United
States regulatory authorities, shall be deemed, in each case, for all purposes of this Agreement, to be adopted after the date of this
Agreement, regardless of the date actually enacted, adopted or issued.

33

ARTICLE
11

[RESERVED]

ARTICLE
12

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.1Survival.

All agreements, representations
and warranties made herein and in every other Financing Document shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Financing Documents. The provisions of Articles 9, 10 and 12 shall survive the Payment in Full of the Obligations
(both with respect to any Purchaser and all Purchasers collectively) and any termination of this Agreement.

Section 12.2No Waivers; Remedies Cumulative.

No failure or delay by any
Purchaser in exercising any right, power or privilege under any Financing Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single
or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The
rights and remedies herein and therein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law. Any reference
in any Financing Document to the continuing nature of any Event of Default shall not be construed as establishing or otherwise
indicating that the Issuer has the independent right to cure any such Event of Default, but is rather presented merely for convenience
should such Event of Default be waived in accordance with the terms of the applicable Financing Documents.

Section 12.3Notices.

(a)All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including prepaid overnight courier,
facsimile transmission, e-mail, electronic submissions or similar writing, but in no event by text message) and shall be given to such
party at its address, facsimile number or e-mail address set forth on the signature pages hereof (or, in the case of any such Purchaser
who becomes a Purchaser after the date hereof, in an Assignment Agreement or in a notice delivered to the Issuer and each other Purchaser
by the assignee Purchaser forthwith upon such assignment) or by electronic submissions, as provided below, or at such other address, facsimile
number or e-mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to each other Purchaser and the Issuer; provided,
that notices, requests or other communications shall be permitted by e-mail or other electronic submissions (but in no event by text message)
only in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.3(b). Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective
(i) if given by facsimile, when such notice is transmitted to the facsimile number specified by this Section and the sender receives a
confirmation of transmission from the sending facsimile machine, (ii) if given by e-mail or other electronic submissions, as set forth
in Section 12.3(c) or (iii) if given by mail, prepaid overnight courier or any other means, when received at the applicable address
specified by this Section.

(b)Notices and other communications to the parties hereto may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail
and Internet or intranet websites, but in no event by text message) provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices sent
directly to any party hereto if such party has notified the
other parties in writing that it has elected not to receive notices by electronic communication (which election may be limited to particular
notices).

34

(c)(i) Notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgment
from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written
acknowledgment), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed
receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication
is available and identifying the website address therefor, provided, that if any such notice or other communication is not sent
or posted during normal business hours, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the
next Business Day.

Section 12.4Severability.

In case any provision of or
obligation under this Agreement or any other Financing Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction,
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 12.5Amendments and Waivers.

(a)General
Provisions. No provision of this Agreement or any other Financing Document may be amended, waived or otherwise modified unless
such amendment, waiver or other modification is in writing and is signed or otherwise approved by the Issuer and Required Purchasers
(including the Lead Purchaser), and, if any amendment, waiver or other modification would either increase a Purchasers
funding obligations in respect of any Note, by such Purchaser, (A) reduce the principal of, rate of interest on, or any fees with
respect to the Notes or forgive any principal, interest, or fees, other than (i) as a result of a waiver of an Event of Default, or
(ii) as a result of the implementation of any pricing grid with respect to interest rate margins and fees, (B) defer, extend or
postpone the date fixed for, or waive or forgive, any payment of principal of the Notes, or of interest on the Notes or fees
hereunder or defer, extend or postpone the date of termination of the commitment of any Purchaser hereunder, (C) change the
definition of the term Required Purchasers, (D) amend Article 2 or Section 8.4 in a manner that would alter the pro
rata sharing of payments required thereby, or (E) amend, waive or otherwise modify this Section 12.5(a) or the definitions of
the terms used in this Section 12.5(a) insofar as the definitions affect the substance of this Section 12.5(a);
provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) any mandatory
prepayment of the Notes shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest and (y) a
waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Article 7 or the waiver of any Default or Event of Default (in each case other
than pursuant to Section 8.1(a)) shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for, or a reduction in the amount
of, any payment of interest or any payment of fees. It is hereby understood and agreed that all Purchasers shall be deemed directly
affected by an amendment, waiver or other modification of the type described in the preceding clauses (C), (D), or (E) of the
preceding sentence. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Financing Document shall be effective only in the
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it is given. No delay on the part of the Purchasers in the exercise of any right, power or remedy shall operate as
a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise by any of them of any right, power or remedy preclude other or further exercise
thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.

35

(b)[Reserved].

Section 12.6Assignments; Participations.

(a)Assignments.

(i)Subject to Section 4.13, any Purchaser may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or any portion of such
Purchasers Notes, together with all related rights and obligations of such Purchaser hereunder, including for the avoidance of
doubt, the rights of such Purchaser under Section 2.1(f) and any unfunded commitment of such Purchaser. Any purported assignment
to any Person that is not an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the definition thereof shall be null and void. The amount of any such
assignment (determined as of the date of the applicable Assignment Agreement or, if a Trade Date is specified in such Assignment
Agreement, as of such Trade Date) shall be in a minimum aggregate amount equal to $1,000,000 (unless such assignment is made to an existing
Purchaser or an Affiliate or Approved Fund of any existing Purchaser or is of the assignors (together with its Affiliates and Approved
Funds) entire interest in the outstanding Notes); provided, that, in connection with simultaneous assignments to two or more Affiliated
Persons, including related Approved Funds, such Affiliated Persons and Approved Funds shall be treated as one assignee for purposes of
determining compliance with the minimum assignment size referred to above. The Issuer and the Purchasers shall be entitled to continue
to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with the interests so assigned to an Eligible Assignee until the Purchasers
shall have received and accepted an effective Assignment Agreement executed, delivered and fully completed by the applicable parties thereto.

(ii)From and after the date on which the conditions described above have been met and recordation in the register described in paragraph
(iii) below, (A) such Eligible Assignee shall be deemed automatically to have become a party hereto and, to the extent of the interests
assigned to such Eligible Assignee pursuant to such Assignment Agreement, shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser hereunder
and (B) the assigning Purchaser, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment
Agreement, shall be released from its rights and obligations hereunder (other than those that survive termination pursuant to Section
12.1). Upon the request of the Eligible Assignee (and, as applicable, the assigning Purchaser) pursuant to an effective Assignment
Agreement, each Issuer shall execute and deliver to such Eligible Assignee (and, as applicable, the assigning Purchaser) Notes in the
aggregate principal amount of the Eligible Assignees Notes (and, as applicable, Notes in the principal amount of the Notes retained
by the assigning Purchaser). Upon receipt by the assigning Purchaser of such Note (or commitments, as applicable), the assigning Purchaser
shall promptly return to the Issuer any prior Note held by it.

36

(iii) The Issuer shall maintain at its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation
of the names and addresses of each Purchaser, and the commitments of, and principal amount and interest of the Notes owing to, such Purchaser
pursuant to the terms hereof. The entries in such register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Issuer, and the Purchasers
may treat each Person whose name is recorded therein pursuant to the terms hereof as a Purchaser hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.
Such register shall be available for inspection by any Purchaser (provided that each Purchasers right of inspection shall
be limited to information about such Purchaser), at any reasonable time upon reasonable prior notice to the Issuer. Any assignment may
be effected only upon the registration thereof as provided in this paragraph (iii).

(iv)Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 12.6(a) or any other provision of this Agreement, any Purchaser
may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of
such Purchaser, including any pledge or grant to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or to a trustee as security for the benefit
of its noteholders, other security holders or creditors of a Purchaser; provided that no such pledge or grant shall release such
Purchaser from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or grantee for such Purchaser as a party hereto.

(b)Participations.

Subject to Section 4.13,
any Purchaser may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Issuer, sell to one or more Persons participating interests in
its Notes, commitments or other interests hereunder (any such Person, a Participant), provided, no participation
shall be made to any natural person or any Disqualified Purchaser. In the event of a sale by a Purchaser of a participating interest to
a Participant, (i) such Purchasers obligations hereunder shall remain unchanged for all purposes, (ii) the Issuer shall continue
to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with such Purchasers rights and obligations hereunder and (iii) all
amounts payable by each Issuer shall be determined as if such Purchaser had not sold such participation and shall be paid directly to
such Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Issuer agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section
10.1 as if it were a Purchaser (provided that such Participant complies with the requirements of Section 10.1(d) and
(e) as if it were a Purchaser; provided further, that no Participant shall receive any greater compensation pursuant to Section
10.1 than would have been paid to the participating Purchaser if no participation had been sold). No Participant shall have any direct
or indirect voting rights hereunder except with respect to any event described in Section 12.5 expressly requiring the unanimous
vote of all Purchasers or, as applicable, all affected Purchasers. The Issuer agrees that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement
are due and payable (as a result of acceleration or otherwise), each Participant shall be deemed to have the right of setoff in respect
of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest
were owing directly to it as a Purchaser under this Agreement; provided that such right of setoff shall be subject to the obligation
of each Participant to share with the Purchasers, as provided in Section 8.3. In the event that a Purchaser sells a participation,
the Purchaser, as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of the Issuer, shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) in the United States a register
(the Participant Register) on which it enters the name and addresses of all participants in the
Obligations held by it and the rights of such participants in the Obligations (including principal amount, interest thereon, and fees
of the portion of such Obligations that is subject to such participations). No Purchaser shall have an obligation to disclose all or any
portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants
interest in any Note or any Obligation), except as otherwise required by applicable Law and to the Issuer at its reasonable request and
then, solely to the extent that such disclosure is required to establish that such participation, Note or Obligation is in registered
form under Sections 5f.103-1(c) and 1.871-14(c) of the Treasury Regulations. Any participation or transfer thereof may be effected only
by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register.

37

(c)Issuer Assignment.

The Issuer may not assign, delegate
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or other obligations hereunder or under any other Financing Document without the prior written
consent of each Purchaser.

Section 12.7Headings.

Headings and captions used
in the Financing Documents (including the Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes hereto and thereto) are included for convenience of reference
only and shall not be given any substantive effect.

Section 12.8Actions in Concert.

For the sake of clarity, each
Purchaser hereby agrees with each other Purchaser that no Purchaser shall take any action to protect or enforce its rights arising out
of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Financing Document (including exercising any rights of setoff) without first obtaining the prior
written consent of the Required Purchasers (including the Lead Purchaser), it being the intent of the Purchasers that any such action
to protect or enforce rights under this Agreement the Notes and the other Financing Documents shall be taken in concert and at the direction
or with the consent of the Required Purchasers (including the Lead Purchaser).

Section 12.9Waiver of Consequential and Other Damages.

To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable Law, the Issuer shall not assert, and the Issuer hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability,
for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with,
or as a result of this Agreement, any other Financing Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, any Notes or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from
the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other
information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Financing Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby.

Section 12.10[Reserved].

38

Section 12.11GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION.

THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH
OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENT, AND ALL MATTERS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO OR ARISING THEREFROM (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW, TORT LAW
OR OTHERWISE), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT
REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED WITHIN
THE CITY OF WILMINGTON, NEW CASTLE COUNTY, STATE OF DELAWARE AND IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT, ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS SHALL BE LITIGATED IN SUCH COURTS. EACH PARTY HERETO EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND
CONSENTS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS AND WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL
SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON SUCH PARTY BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL,
ADDRESSED TO SUCH PARTY AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH IN OR IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE COMPLETE TEN (10)
DAYS AFTER THE SAME HAS BEEN POSTED.

Section 12.12WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

THE ISSUER AND EACH PURCHASER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE FINANCING
DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT
BEFORE A JURY. THE ISSUER AND EACH PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP,
THAT IT HAS RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS, AND THAT IT WILL CONTINUE TO RELY
ON THIS WAIVER IN ITS RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. THE ISSUER AND EACH PURCHASER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY OF
REVIEWING THIS JURY WAIVER WITH LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS.

Section 12.13[Reserved].

Section 12.14Counterparts; Signatures; Integration.

This Agreement and the other
Financing Documents may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Signatures by facsimile or other electronic communication to any Financing Document
shall bind the parties to the same extent as would a manually executed counterpart. This Agreement
and the other Financing Documents constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersede any and all
prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.

39

Section 12.15No Strict Construction.

The parties hereto have participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and each of the other Financing Documents. In the event an ambiguity or question
of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement and each of the other Financing Documents shall be construed as if drafted jointly
by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship
of any provisions of this Agreement or any other Financing Document.

Section 12.16USA PATRIOT Act Notification.

Each Purchaser hereby notifies
the Issuer that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and
documentation that identifies the Issuer, which information includes the name and address of the Issuer and such other information that
will allow such Purchaser, as applicable, to identify the Issuer in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.

ARTICLE
13

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASERS

Each Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants as follows:

Section 13.1Authorization; No Contravention.

The execution, delivery and
performance by each Purchaser of this Agreement and each other Financing Document to which it is a party: (a) is within its power and
authority and has been duly authorized by all necessary action; (b) does not contravene the terms of its Organizational Documents or any
amendment thereof; and (c) will not violate, conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of any of its contractual obligations,
or any order or decree directly relating to it.

Section 13.2Binding Effect.

This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Purchasers and this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it
in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability.

Section 13.3No Legal Bar.

The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by each Purchaser will not violate any requirement of Law applicable to it.

40

Section 13.4Securities Laws.

(a) The Securities are being or will be acquired by each Purchaser hereunder for the purpose of investment for its own account, not
as a nominee or agent, and not with the view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof in any transaction which would
be in violation of the Securities Act or state securities laws or which would require the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder
to be registered under the Securities Act, subject, however, to the disposition of each Purchasers property being at all times
within its control. Each Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the Securities
in violation of the Securities Act. Each Purchaser does not have any agreement or understanding, whether or not legally binding, direct
or indirect, with any other Person to sell or otherwise distribute the securities to be issued to it hereunder.

(b)Each Purchaser is an accredited investor as (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended
(the Securities Act)), or (2) an institutional accredited investor (as described in Rule 501(a)(1),
(2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) with such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
as are necessary in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities, and understands that the offer and sale
of the Securities meets the exemptions from filing under FINRA Rule 5123(b)(1)(C) or (J); and (i) such Purchaser (1) is an institutional
account as defined in FINRA Rule 4512(c), (2) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private equity transactions and
capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving
a security or securities and (3) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Securities,
and accordingly, understands that the placement of the Securities meets (x) the exemptions from filing under FINRA Rule 5123(b)(1)(A)
and (y) the institutional customer exemption under FINRA Rule 2111(b).

(c)Each Purchaser understands that (i) the Securities constitute restricted securities under the Securities Act, (ii)
it must bear the economic risk of its investment in the Securities for an indefinite period of time because the Securities are not registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and may not be resold unless subsequently registered under the Securities
Act and such other laws or unless an exemption from registration is available (iii) the offer and sale of the Securities hereunder is
not registered under the Securities Act or under any blue sky laws in reliance upon certain exemptions from such registration
and that the Issuer is relying on the representations made herein by each Purchaser in its determination of whether such specific exemptions
are available, and (iv) the Securities may not be transferred except pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act, or under an exception from such registration available under the Securities Act, and under applicable blue sky laws
or in a transaction exempt from such registration. Furthermore, each Purchaser understands that the Issuer may not be eligible to conduct
an offering pursuant to Regulation D. Each Purchaser acknowledges that: (A) it has no right to require registration of the Notes, Warrants
or Series B Preferred Stock under the Securities Act or any blue sky laws, and (B) there is not now and is not contemplated
to be any public market for the Notes, Warrants or Series B Preferred Stock. As a result, each Purchaser is prepared to bear the economic
risk of an investment in the Notes, Warrants and Series B Preferred Stock for an indefinite period of time.

41

(d)Each Purchaser and its advisors (i) have been furnished with or have had access to all material books and records of the Issuer
and all of its material contracts, agreements and documents and (ii) have had an opportunity
to ask questions of, and receive answers, and to obtain any additional information to verify the accuracy of any information previously
furnished, from management and representatives of the Issuer and which representatives have made available to them such information regarding
the Issuer and their current respective businesses, operations, assets, finances, financial results, financial condition and prospects
in order to make a fully informed decision to purchase and acquire the Securities. Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, each
Purchaser has not relied on any statements or other information provided by anyone (including, without limitation, the Placement Agent,
and any of its respective affiliates or any control persons, officers, directors, employees, partners or agents of any of the forgoing)
other than the Company concerning the Company, the Securities or the offer and sale of the Securities. Each Purchaser acknowledges that
it has made its own assessment and is satisfied concerning the relevant tax and other economic considerations relevant to the Purchasers
acquisition of the Securities. Each Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (i) neither the Placement Agent, nor any affiliate of the Placement
Agent, has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary
or desired and (ii) neither the Placement Agent nor any of its respective affiliates has prepared any disclosure or offering document
in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities. Neither the Placement Agent nor any of its respective affiliates has made or
makes any representation as to the Company or the quality or value of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any of its respective
affiliates may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company, which each Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it.
In connection with the issuance of the Securities to each Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its respective affiliates
has acted as an underwriter with respect to the Securities or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or as a financial advisor
or fiduciary to any Purchaser.

(e)Each Purchaser has generally such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters, and with respect to investments in
securities of privately held companies, as to enable it to understand and evaluate the risks of an investment in the Securities and form
an investment decision with respect thereto. The foregoing, however, does not limit or modify the representations and warranties set forth
in Article 3 of this Agreement or in any other Financing Document or the right of the Purchasers to rely thereon.

(f)Each Purchaser understands that the exemption from registration of resales of the Securities afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions
of which are known to the Purchaser) promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act depends on the satisfaction of various conditions, including
the requirement that the Issuer has been subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15 of the Securities Act for at
least ninety (90) days and that, if applicable, Rule 144 affords the basis for such sales only in limited amounts and that the Issuer
does not now qualify under Rule 144 and may not ever. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement shall require the Issuer
or any of its Subsidiaries to make any filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act which the Issuer or its Subsidiaries are not otherwise
obligated to make.

Section 13.5Governmental Authorization; Third Party Consent.

No approval, consent, compliance,
exemption or authorization of any Governmental Authority or any other Person in respect of any requirement of Law, and no lapse of a waiting
period under a requirement of Law, is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by it or enforcement against
the Purchasers of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. No consent is required to be obtained under any contractual
obligation applicable to the Purchasers in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the other
Financing Documents to which it is a party.

42

Section 13.6No Related Party Relationships.

Except as set forth in Schedule
13.6, each Purchaser and its direct or indirect equityholders and their respective affiliates are not affiliates or direct or indirect
equityholders of, have no direct or indirect economic interest in, and have not directly or indirectly entered into any agreement, arrangement
or understanding (except as expressly set forth in the preceding sentence) with, any director, officer, employee, manager, partner or
equityholder (or any of their respective immediate family members (as defined in 40 CFR 170.305) or any affiliate or spouse of
any such director, officer, employee, manager, partner, equityholder or immediate family member) of any other Purchaser, FF Global Partners
LLC, FF Top Holding LLC, or any of their respective affiliates (each, a Related Person; provided however, for the
avoidance of doubt, that the Issuer shall not be considered a Related Person for the purposes of this Section 13.6). The
transactions contemplated by or related to this Agreement will not directly or indirectly increase any Related Persons ownership
or voting power of the Issuer, and no Related Person will, directly or indirectly, participate in any of the post-closing operations or
decisions of or have any other rights or obligations with respect to such Purchaser or any of its direct or indirect equityholders or
any of their respective affiliates.

Section 13.7Organization.

Each Purchaser is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of organization, and except as has not had or would not reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on such Purchasers ability to perform its obligations under the Agreement or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis. Each Purchaser is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in all
jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified.

Section 13.8Independent Investment Decision(a).

(a)Each
Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase the Securities pursuant to this Agreement and conducted
and relied upon its own due diligence investigation of the Company and its own in-depth analysis of the merits and risks of the
purchase of the Securities. Each Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on
behalf of the Issuer to such Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment
advice. Each Purchaser is a sophisticated institutional accredited investor with extensive expertise and experience in financial and
business matters and in evaluating private companies and purchasing and selling their securities and has such knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities,
and has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in
connection with its purchase of the Securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Purchaser has not relied on
any statements, representations, warranties or other information provided by the Placement Agent, any
of its respective affiliates or any control persons, officers, directors, employees, partners, agents or representatives of any of the
foregoing, concerning the Company or the Securities.

43

(b)The Placement Agent has not provided any advice or recommendation in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities, and
the Placement Agent will not have any responsibility with respect to (i) any representations, warranties or agreements made by any person
or entity under or in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities or any of the documents furnished pursuant thereto or in connection
therewith, or the execution, legality, validity or enforceability (with respect to any person) or any thereof, or (ii) the business, affairs,
financial condition, operations, properties or prospects of, or any other matter concerning the Company or the Securities.

Section 13.9No Governmental Review.

Each Purchaser understands
that no U.S. federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement
of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed
the merits of the offering of the Securities.

Section 13.10Residency.

Each Purchasers office
in which its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made is located at the address set forth for such Purchaser set forth
on such Purchasers signature page to this Agreement.

Section 13.11Ownership.

Such Purchaser and its Affiliates
are not the direct or indirect owner of record or beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock, securities convertible into or exchangeable
for Common Stock, or any other equity or equity-linked security of the Issuer.

Section 13.12No Brokers.

Other than with respect to
the Placement Agent, Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim
against or upon the Issuer or any Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
entered into by or on behalf of any Purchaser.

Section 13.13No Reliance.

Each Purchaser is not relying
upon, and has not relied upon, any statement, representation or warranty made by any Person, except for the representations and warranties
by the Issuer contained in this Agreement.

44

Section 13.14Financial Capacity.

Each Purchaser has, and as
of each applicable Closing Date will have, sufficient cash on hand in a U.S. or foreign bank account or uncalled capital commitments from
creditworthy parties without any condition to fund the applicable portion of such Purchasers Note Commitment Amount on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Such cash has been obtained by such Purchaser in compliance with all applicable Laws.

Section 13.15No Liability of Placement Agent; Placement Agent Reliance.

(a)Each Purchaser agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor its respective affiliates nor any of its respective control persons,
officers, directors or employees shall be liable to such Purchaser (including in contract, tort, under federal or state securities laws
or otherwise) for any action heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted to be taken by any of them or have any liability or obligation (including
without limitation, for or with respect to any losses, claims, damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, costs,
expenses or disbursements incurred by the Placement Agent, the Company or any other person or entity), whether in contract, tort or otherwise,
to such Purchaser, or to any person claiming through such Purchaser, in respect of the offer and sale of Securities hereunder, as expressly
provided herein, or for any actual or alleged inaccuracies, misstatements or omissions with respect to any information or materials of
any kind provided to the Purchaser concerning the Company, the Securities, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. On
behalf of it and their respective affiliates, each Purchaser releases the Placement Agent in respect of any losses, claims, damages, obligations,
penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements related to the offer and sale of the Securities. Each Purchaser
agrees not to commence any litigation or bring any claim against the Placement Agent in any court or any other forum which relates to,
may arise out of, or is in connection with, the offer and sale of the of Securities. Each Purchaser confirms that the undertakings in
this paragraph is given freely and after obtaining independent legal advice.

(b)The Placement Agent may rely upon these representations and warranties of the Purchasers in this Agreement.

Section 13.16Non-Recourse.

Each Purchasers contractual
obligations hereunder shall be without recourse to its Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, managers, trustees and other
agents of such Purchaser or its Affiliates. The Issuers contractual obligations hereunder or under any Financing Document shall
be without recourse to its Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, managers, trustees and other agents of the Issuer or its
Affiliates.

45

Section 13.17Transfer
or Resale. Each Purchaser understands that: (i) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities
Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered
thereunder, (B) such Purchaser shall have delivered to the Company (if requested by the Company) an opinion of counsel, in a form
reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the effect that such Securities to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold, assigned
or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) such Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurance
that such Securities can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act (or
a successor rule thereto) (collectively, Rule 144); (ii) any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule
144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144, and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of the
Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the Person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter
(as that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation
to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any
exemption thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or
other loan or financing arrangement secured by the Securities and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer,
sale or assignment of the Securities hereunder, and no Purchaser effecting a pledge of the Securities shall be required to provide
the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Financing
Document, including, without limitation, this Section 13.17.

[Signature Pages Follow.]

46

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

Address for Notices ISSUER

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.

18455 South Figueroa Street 

Gardena, California 90248 By: 

Attention: Legal Department Name: Matthias Aydt

Phone: Title: Chief Executive Officer

Email: legal@ff.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Pryor Cashman LLP

7 Times Square, 40th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Attention: M. Ali Panjwani

Email: ali.panjwani@pryorcashman.com

Purchaser

Phone: [] 

Email: [] 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Annex A

Definitions

Additional Purchasers
means any third parties who are not Purchasers as of the date hereof and become Purchasers by executing and delivering a Joinder Agreement.

Agreement
means this Securities Purchase Agreement, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

Anti-Terrorism Laws
means any Laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224 (effective September 24, 2001), the USA PATRIOT
Act, the Laws comprising or implementing the Bank Secrecy Act, the Laws administered by OFAC, the Criminal Code (Canada), and the
Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) (as any of the foregoing laws may from time to time be
amended, renewed, extended, or replaced).

Approved Fund
means any Person (other than a natural Person) which (a)(i) is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding, or otherwise
investing in commercial loans, mezzanine notes, and similar extensions of credit in its ordinary course of activities or (ii) temporarily
warehouses loans for any Purchaser and (b) is administered, advised or managed by a Purchaser, an entity that administers, advises
or manages a Purchaser, or an Affiliate of either.

Bankruptcy Code
means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy as in effect from time to time.

Blocked Person
means any Person: (a) listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive Order No. 13224, (b) owned or controlled
by, or acting for or on behalf of, any Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, Executive
Order No. 13224, (c) with which any Purchaser is prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any Anti-Terrorism
Law, (d) that commits, threatens or conspires to commit or supports terrorism as defined in Executive Order No. 13224;
or (e) that is named, or owned or controlled by, a specially designated national or blocked person on the
most current list published by OFAC or other similar list.

Business Day
means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York is closed and/or any of the following exchanges on which the Common Stock is traded and listed, or any successor(s)
thereto, is not open for at least five (5) hours of trading: the Nasdaq Capital Market; the Nasdaq Global Market; the Nasdaq Global Select
Market; the New York Stock Exchange; or the NYSE American; and any successor to any of the foregoing markets or exchanges.

Business Intellectual
Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.17.

Capitalized Lease
Obligations shall mean any obligation under a Capital Lease.

Capital Lease
of any Person means any lease of any property by such Person as lessee which would, in accordance with GAAP, be required to be accounted
for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person and shall include, without limitation, all operating leases that are not leases
for real property.

Capital Stock
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all
of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or
such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests
therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on
any date of determination.

Cash Equivalents
means (a) direct obligations of the United States, or obligations guaranteed by the United States with a maturity date of no more than
six (6) months from the date of acquisition, (b) commercial paper with a duration of not more than three (3) months rated at least A 1
by Standard & Poors Ratings Service and P 1 by Moodys Investors Services, Inc., which is issued by a Person (other than
the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer) organized under the laws of any state of the United States or of the District of Columbia, (c)
time deposits, certificates of deposit and bankers acceptances with a duration of not more than six (6) months issued by any office
located in the United States, or is licensed to conduct a banking business in the United States, and has capital, surplus and undivided
profits of at least $500,000,000 and which issues (or the parent of which issues) certificates of deposit or commercial paper with a rating
described in clause (b) above, (d) repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements with a duration of not more than 30 days with
respect to securities described in clause (a) above entered into with an office of a bank or trust company meeting the criteria specified
in clause (c) above, (e) any money market or mutual fund provided that substantially all of the assets of such fund consist
of the foregoing types of investments, and provided that such fund has assets in excess of $500,000,000 and has obtained from either
Standard & Poors Ratings Service or Moodys Investors Services, Inc. the highest rating obtainable for money market funds
in the United States or any province thereof, or (f) other short-term liquid investments approved in writing by Required Purchasers.

CERCLA
means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980.

CFC means
a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code.

CFPOA means
the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), as amended.

Closing
means collectively, the First Closing and Subsequent Closings.

Closing Checklist
means Annex C to this Agreement.

Closing Date
means the date of each applicable Closing.

Closing Date Transactions
shall mean the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to occur on each Closing Date and the payment of fees and
expenses in connection therewith.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Commitment Annex
means Annex B to this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time prior to the First Closing to add any Additional Purchasers.

Commitment Percentage
means, with respect to each Purchaser, such Purchasers Note Commitment Amount divided by the aggregate Note Commitment Amounts
for all Purchasers.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any securities of the Issuer or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common Warrants
means, collectively, the warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock delivered to the Purchasers at the applicable Closing in accordance
with this Agreement, which Common Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the
form of Exhibit B attached hereto or such other form as shall be agreed between the Issuer and such Purchaser.

Company Competitor
means any company engaged in the business of designing, manufacturing or producing automobiles or similar vehicles and any company engaged
in the business of supplying components for the design, manufacturing or production of automobiles or similar vehicles.

continuing
means, with respect to any default or event of default, that it has not been remedied, cured or waived.

Controlled Group
means any organization which is a member of a controlled, affiliated or otherwise related group of entities within the meaning of Code
Sections 414(b), (c), (m), or (o)).

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Notes.

Conversion Shares
means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with the terms thereof.

Debt shall
mean, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities
in accordance with GAAP:

(a) all
obligations for borrowed money, whether current or long-term (including the Obligations hereunder and all Capitalized Lease Obligations),
all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments;

(b) all
obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course
of business);

(c) all
non-contingent obligations under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances and similar instruments
(including bank guaranties);

(d) the
attributable principal amount of Capital Leases, Synthetic Leases, Securitization Transaction and Sale Leaseback Transactions;

(e) all
Disqualified Stock;

(f) all
Debt of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any
Lien on, or payable out of the proceeds of production from, property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations
secured thereby have been assumed;

(g) all
Guarantees in respect of Debt of another Person; and

(h) Debt
of any partnership or joint venture or other similar entity in which such Person is a general partner or joint venturer, and, as such,
has personal liability for such obligations, but only to the extent there is recourse to such Person for payment thereof.

For purposes hereof, the amount of Debt shall
be determined (w) based on the outstanding principal amount in the case of borrowed money indebtedness under clause (a) and purchase
money indebtedness and the deferred purchase obligations under clause (b), (x) based on the maximum amount available to be drawn
in the case of letter of credit obligations and the other obligations under clause (c), (y) based on the amount of Debt that is
the subject of the Guarantees and for which there is recourse to such Person in the case of Guarantees under clause (g) and (z)
based on the lesser of the amount of Debt secured by such lien or the fair market value of the assets pledged in the case of Debt under
clause (f).

Default
means any condition or event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of
Default.

Disqualified Purchaser
means (a) any Company Competitor, (b) any Affiliate of a Person described in the preceding clause (a) that, in each case,
is either reasonably identifiable as such or is identified as such in writing by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Purchasers from time
to time on or after the applicable Closing Date and (c) unless the Issuer consents (x) any Affiliate of the Issuer or (y) any Person that
holds more than 5.0% of the Issuers Common Stock, except in the case of this clause (y), any Person that is already a Purchaser
hereunder, so long such Person otherwise became a Purchase in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Issuer shall, upon request
of any Purchaser, identify whether any Person identified by such Purchaser as a proposed assignee or Participant is a Disqualified Purchaser.

Disqualified Stock
means with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock which by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or
for which it is exchangeable at the option of the holder) or upon the happening of any event: (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable
(other than redeemable only for Capital Stock of such Person which is not itself Disqualified Stock) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation
or otherwise; (b) is convertible or exchangeable at the option of the holder for Debt or Disqualified Stock (excluding Capital Stock which
is convertible or exchangeable solely at the option of the Issuer); or (c) is mandatorily redeemable or must be purchased for cash or Cash
Equivalents upon the occurrence of certain events or otherwise, in whole or in part; in each case prior to the date that is one hundred
eighty (180) days after the final scheduled amortization installment payment date for the Notes, in each case, valued at, in the case
of redeemable preferred Capital Stock, the greater of the voluntary liquidation preference and the involuntary liquidation preference
of such Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends.

Domestic Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Issuer organized, incorporated or otherwise formed under the laws of the United States or any state thereof,
other than any such Subsidiary that has no assets (other than de minimis amounts) other than the Capital Stock or other equity interests
of Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs.

Effective Date
means the earliest of the date that (a) the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission, (b) all of the Underlying
Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Issuer to be in compliance
with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one year
anniversary of each Closing Date provided that a holder of the Underlying Shares is not an Affiliate of the Issuer or (d) all of the Underlying
Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions and Issuer Counsel has delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by
such holders of the Underlying Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
such holders.

Eligible Assignee
means (a) a Purchaser, (b) an Affiliate of a Purchaser, (c) an Approved Fund, and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved
by the Issuer in writing (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided that notwithstanding
the foregoing, (x) Eligible Assignee shall not (i) include the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer; or (ii) any Disqualified
Purchaser unless an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.1(a), 8.1(f) or 8.1(g) has occurred and is continuing and (y) no approval of
the Issuer shall be required if an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.1(a), 8.1(f) or 8.1(g) has occurred and is continuing.

Environmental Laws
means any and all Laws relating to the environment or the effect of the environment on human health or to emissions, discharges or releases
of pollutants, contaminants, Hazardous Materials or wastes into the environment, including ambient air, surface water, ground water or
land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of
pollutants, contaminants, Hazardous Materials or wastes or the clean up or other remediation thereof.

ERISA means
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

ERISA Plan
means any employee benefit plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan),
which the Issuer or any Subsidiary maintains, sponsors or contributes to, or, in the case of an employee benefit plan which is subject
to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, to which the Issuer or any Subsidiary or any member of the Controlled Group may
have any liability, including any liability by reason of having been a substantial employer within the meaning
of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under
Section 4069 of ERISA.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in the Notes.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Excluded Taxes
means any of the following Taxes: (A) Taxes imposed on or measured by any Purchasers net income, franchise taxes, branch profits
taxes and alternative minimum taxes, in each case imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under which such
Purchaser (i) is organized, has its principal office in or, in the case of any Purchaser, its applicable lending office located in, or
(ii) has a present or former connection (other than a connection resulting from entering into any of the Financing Documents, receiving
any payment thereunder, or taking any action thereunder) (Other Connection Taxes), (B) any United States federal
withholding Taxes to the extent imposed on the amounts payable to such Purchaser with respect to an applicable interest in a Note pursuant
to a law in effect at the time such Purchaser becomes a party to this Agreement or changes its lending office, unless in the case of an
assignee, the applicable assigning person would have been entitled to receive additional amounts with respect to such Taxes at the time
of such assignment or, in the case of a change in lending office, such Purchaser would have been entitled to receive additional amounts
with respect to such Taxes immediately before it changed its lending office, (C) any withholding Taxes or deductions imposed under FATCA,
or (D) any United States federal withholding Taxes that would not have been imposed but for such Purchasers failure to comply with
Sections 10.1(d), (e) or (f).

Exempt Accounts
means, collectively, (a) payroll accounts, (b) tax withholding accounts, (c) employee benefit accounts, (d) escrow, trust and fiduciary
accounts, (e) zero balance accounts and (f) any other accounts (including deposit accounts) with a maximum balance of less than $250,000,
individually, or $1,000,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts.

FATCA means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any applicable
agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the
Code.

FCPA means
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Financing Documents
means this Agreement, any Notes, and all other documents, instruments and agreements contemplated herein or thereby and heretofore executed,
executed concurrently herewith or executed at any time and from time to time hereafter, as any or all of the same may be amended, supplemented,
restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

First Notes
means the Notes to be issued by the Company at the First Closing.

Fiscal Quarter
means a fiscal quarter of the Issuer, ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31 of each calendar year.

Fiscal Year
means a fiscal year of the Issuer, ending on December 31 of each calendar year.

Flow of Funds
means the flow of funds for any applicable Closing or purchase of Incremental Notes pursuant to the terms hereof and thereof, in a form
mutually agreed between the Issuer and the applicable Purchaser(s).

Foreign Government
Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14(c).

Foreign Purchaser
means any Purchaser that is not a United States person as defined in Code Section 7701(a)(30).

Foreign Plan
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.14(c).

Foreign Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary other than a Domestic Subsidiary.

Governmental Authority
means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or Person exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any corporation or other Person owned
or controlled (through stock or capital ownership or otherwise) by any of the foregoing, whether domestic or foreign.

Guarantee
by any Person means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Debt or other obligation
of any other Person and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise,
of such Person (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or other obligation (whether
arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, by agreement to keep well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or
pay, or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (b) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the
obligee of such Debt or other obligation of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or
in part), provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business.
The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Hazardous Materials
means (a) any hazardous substance as defined in CERCLA, (b) any hazardous waste as defined in RCRA, (c) asbestos,
(d) polychlorinated biphenyls, (e) petroleum, its derivatives, by products and other hydrocarbons, (f) toxic mold and (g) any other pollutant,
toxic, radioactive, caustic or otherwise hazardous substance regulated under Environmental Laws.

Hazardous Materials
Contamination means contamination (whether now existing or hereafter occurring) of the improvements, buildings, facilities,
personalty, soil, groundwater, air or other elements on or of the relevant property by Hazardous Materials, or any derivatives thereof,
or on or of any other property as a result of Hazardous Materials, or any derivatives thereof, generated on, emanating from
or disposed of in connection with the relevant property.

Incremental Note
means an unsecured convertible promissory note issued by the Issuer to a Purchaser upon exercise of such Purchasers Incremental
Warrant in the principal amount set forth in the Notice of Exercise of such Purchasers Incremental Warrant, in the form of Exhibit A
attached hereto or such other form as shall be agreed between the Issuer and such Purchaser.

Incremental Warrants
means, collectively, the warrants to purchase Incremental Notes, Common Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock delivered to the
Purchasers at the applicable Closing in accordance with this Agreement, which Incremental Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and
have a term of exercise equal to 1 year, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto or such other form as shall be agreed between
the Issuer and such Purchaser.

Indemnified Taxes
means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Issuer
under any Financing Document.

Indemnitees
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.

Issuer
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement.

Joinder Agreement
means a Joinder Agreement entered into by and between an Additional Purchaser, and the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit E with such changes satisfactory to the Additional Purchaser and the Company.

Laws means
any and all federal, state, provincial, territorial, local and foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules,
judgments, orders, decrees, codes, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, governmental agreements and governmental restrictions,
whether now or hereafter in effect.

Lead Purchaser
means [ ].

Litigation
means any claim, investigation, action, suit or proceeding before any court, mediator, arbitrator or Governmental Authority.

Margin Stock
has the meaning assigned thereto in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board.

Material Adverse Effect
means, with respect to any event, act, condition or occurrence of whatever nature (including any adverse determination in any litigation,
arbitration, or governmental investigation or proceeding), whether singly or in conjunction with any other event or events, act or acts,
condition or conditions, occurrence or occurrences, whether or not related, a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect
upon, any of (a) the business, operations, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer, (b) the rights and remedies
of any Purchasers under any Financing Document, or the ability of the Issuer, taken as a whole, to perform any of their obligations under
any Financing Document to which it is a party, or (c) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Financing Document.

Multiemployer Plan
means a multiemployer plan, that is intended to meet the definition set forth in Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the
Issuer or any member of the Controlled Group may have any liability.

Note Commitment Amount
means, as to any Purchaser, the amount set forth opposite such Purchasers name on the Commitment Annex under the column Note Commitment
Amount.

Notes has
the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

Obligations
means all loans (including the Notes), debts, principal, interest (including any interest that accrues after the commencement of any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other enforcement proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such proceeding),
premiums (including, without limitation, the Premium Payment Amount), obligations (including indemnification obligations), fees, costs,
expenses and other charges (including any costs, fees, expenses or other charges that accrue after the commencement of any bankruptcy,
insolvency or other enforcement proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such proceeding),
guaranties, and all covenants and duties of any other kind and description owing by the Issuer arising out of, under, pursuant to, in
connection with, or evidenced by this Agreement or any of the other Financing Documents and irrespective of whether for the payment of
money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including all
interest not paid when due and all other expenses or other amounts that the Issuer is required to pay or reimburse by the Financing Documents
or by law or otherwise in connection with the Financing Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of
the Issuer under the Financing Documents include the obligation to pay (a) the principal of the Notes, (b) interest accrued on the Notes,
(c) costs, fees, Premium Payment Amount, premiums, expenses and other charges payable under this Agreement or any of the other Financing
Documents, and (d) indemnities and other amounts payable by the Issuer under any Financing Document. Any reference in this Agreement or
in the Financing Documents to the Obligations shall include all or any portion thereof and any extensions, modifications, renewals, or
alterations thereof, both prior and subsequent to any bankruptcy, insolvency or other enforcement proceeding.

OFAC means
the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Ordinary Course of
Business means, in respect of any action or omission taken or not taken by any Person, the ordinary course of such Persons
business, as conducted by such Person in good faith and may include past practice, industry standards or customs, requirements of law
or as may otherwise be determined from time to time in good faith by the board of directors (or other governing body) of such Person.

Organizational Documents
means, with respect to any Person other than a natural person, the documents by which such Person was organized (such as a certificate
of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of formation or organization, and including, without limitation, any
certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and the documents which relate to the internal governance
of such Person (such as by-laws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability company or members agreement).

Other Connection Taxes
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Excluded Taxes.

Other Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1(b).

Paid in Full
or Payment in Full means, with respect to any Obligations, (a) the payment in full in cash of all such Obligations
(other than contingent indemnification obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) and (b) the
termination of all obligations of the Purchasers to provide any additional credit or extensions or credit.

Participant
has the meaning set forth in Section 12.6(b).

Participant Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 12.6(b).

PBGC means
the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any Person succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Pension Plan
means any ERISA Plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA to which the Issuer or any member of the
Controlled Group may have a liability.

Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

Permits
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

Permitted Contest
means a contest maintained in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted and with respect to which
such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made; provided
that compliance with the obligation that is the subject of such contest is effectively stayed during such challenge.

Placement Agent
means Univest Securities LLC.

Published Rate
shall mean the rate of interest published on any applicable Business Day in The Wall Street Journal Money Rates listing
under the caption London Interbank Offered Rates for a one (1) month period (or, if no such rate is published therein for
any reason, then the Published Rate shall be the prevailing benchmark Eurodollar rate for a one (1) month period as published in another
leading national or international financial or business publication determined by the Lead Purchaser in its reasonable discretion, consistent
with market practice).

Purchased Securities
means the Notes.

Purchaser
means each of (a) each Person party hereto in its capacity as a purchaser and holder of Securities issued hereunder, (b) each
Eligible Assignee that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 12.6, (c) each Additional Purchaser and (d) the respective
successors and assigns of all of the foregoing, and Purchasers means all of the foregoing.

RCRA means
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976.

Required Minimum
means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future pursuant
to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon exercise in full of all Warrants or conversion in full of
all Notes (including Underlying Shares issuable as payment of interest on the Notes), ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set forth
therein.

Registration Statement
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12(d).

Required Purchasers
means, at any time, the Purchasers holding more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes and Incremental Notes
outstanding under this Agreement, which shall, in any event, include at least two Purchasers that are not Affiliates of each other (other
than any Purchaser that holds (together with its Affiliates) less than $5,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes and Incremental
Notes); provided that if at such time, the Purchasers holding Notes and Incremental Notes have less than $10,000,000 in aggregate
principal amount of Notes and Incremental Notes, collectively, then Required Purchasers shall mean, at such time, the Purchasers
holding more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate principal amount of all Notes and Incremental Notes.

Responsible Officer
means, with respect to the Issuer, any of the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or any other officer
of the Issuer reasonably acceptable to the Required Purchasers.

Sanctions
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.27.

SEC Reports
means all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Issuer under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years (or such shorter period as the Company was required
by law or regulation to file such material) preceding the date hereof or the applicable Closing Date, as applicable.

Securities
means the Notes, the Common Warrants, the Incremental Warrants, the Incremental Notes, the Underlying Shares and shares of Series B Preferred
Stock.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal statute, and the rules and regulations thereunder as the same shall
be in effect at the time.

Securitization Transaction
shall mean any financing or factoring or similar transaction (or series of such transactions) entered by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiary may sell, convey or otherwise transfer, or grant a security interest in, accounts,
payments, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment to a special purpose subsidiary or affiliate
or any other Person.

Series B COD
means the Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, substantially in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

Series B Preferred
Cap means, initially, nine million (9,000,000) shares of Series B Preferred Stock; provided, however, the Issuer
may increase the Series B Preferred Cap, in its sole discretion subject to the receipt of stockholder approval to increase the number
of authorized and designated shares of the Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with Section 2.2.

Series B Preferred
Stock means, the Series B Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, having the rights, preferences, privileges,
qualifications, limitations and restrictions set forth in the Series B COD.

Stockholder Approval
means the stockholder approval in connection with the financing in this Securities Purchase Agreement.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which an aggregate of more than 50% of the outstanding Capital Stock having ordinary
voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or other applicable governing body) of such other Person is at the time, directly
or indirectly, owned legally or beneficially by such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person, or a combination thereof, or with
respect to which any such Person has the right to vote or designate the vote of more than 50% of such Capital Stock whether by proxy,
agreement, operation of Law or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary
of the Issuer.

Synthetic Lease
shall mean a lease transaction under which the parties intend that (a) the lease will be treated as an operating lease by
the lessee pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 13, as amended and (b) the lessee will be entitled to various
tax and other benefits ordinarily available to owners (as opposed to lessees) of like property.

Trading Day
means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Transfer Agent
means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Issuer, the current transfer agent of the Issuer and any successor transfer agent of the
Issuer.

Transaction
Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Notes, the Common Warrants, the Incremental Warrants, the Series B COD, any
Joinder Agreements, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Underlying Shares
means the Warrant Shares and shares of Common Stock issued and issuable pursuant to the terms of the Notes and/or the Incremental Notes,
including without limitation, shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in lieu of the cash payment of interest on the Notes and/or the
Incremental Notes in accordance with the terms of the Notes or the Incremental Notes, as the case may be, in each case without respect
to any limitation or restriction on the conversion of the Notes or the Incremental Notes, as applicable, or the exercise of the Common
Warrants (including Common Warrants issuable upon exercise of the Incremental Warrants).

U.S. or
United States means the United States of America.

Warrants
means, collectively, (i) the Common Warrants and (ii) Incremental Warrants.

Warrant Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person of which all of the
Capital Stock (other than, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, directors qualifying shares, to the extent legally required) are
directly or indirectly owned and controlled by such Person or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries.

Annex
B 

Commitment Annex

Annex C

Closing Checklist

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF CONVERTIBLE NOTE

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF COMMON WARRANT

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF INCREMENTAL WARRANT

Exhibit
D

FORM OF SERIES B COD
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex10-2_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 21, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC. AND UNIVEST SECURITIES, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

March 21, 2025

Univest
Securities, LLC

75
Rockefeller Plaza, Suite 1838

New
York, New York 10019

Ladies and
Gentlemen:

Subject
to the terms and conditions herein (this Agreement) and the Transaction Documents (defined below), Faraday Future
Intelligent Electric Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), has agreed to issue and sell (i) senior unsecured
convertible promissory notes (the Notes) of the Company, (ii) common stock purchase warrants (Common
Warrants) to purchase shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock), (iii) shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Series B Preferred
Stock) and (iv) incremental warrants (Incremental Warrants) to purchase additional senior unsecured convertible
promissory notes (Incremental Notes), accompanied by Common Warrants and shares of Series B Preferred Stock directly
to one or more investors (each, an Investor and, collectively, the Investors) through Univest
Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent), as placement agent. The Securities (as defined below) shall be offered and
sold pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The documents
executed and delivered by the Company and the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation,
a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement), the Notes, the Common Warrants, the Incremental Warrants,
the Incremental Notes and all other agreements executed in connection therewith, shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction
Documents. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf
in connection with the Offering (as defined below). The Notes, Common Warrants, Incremental Warrants, Incremental Notes, shares of Series
B Preferred Stock, and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants and conversion of Notes (including Incremental
Notes) are hereafter collectively referred to as the Securities.

The Company hereby confirms
its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section 1. Agreement to
Act as Placement Agent.

(a) On
the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive Placement Agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of the Securities pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, with the terms of such offering (the Offering)
to be subject to market conditions and negotiations between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement
Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful
placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof, in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any
of its Affiliates (as defined below) be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Securities for its own account or
otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal. The Placement
Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase Securities and the Company shall have
the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any such offer, in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the Securities shall be made at one or more closings, including upon exercise
of the Incremental Warrants (each a Closing and the date on which each Closing occurs, a Closing Date).
As compensation for services rendered, on each Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the fees and expenses set forth
below:

(i) A
cash fee equal to 8% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities at such Closing to Investors introduced
by the Placement Agent, which are set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Placement Agent Investors), or 4% of
the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities to Investors introduced by the Company (Company Investors)
(collectively, the Cash Fee), provided, however, the Placement Agent shall not be entitled to any such Cash Fee upon
exercise of the Incremental Warrants by Company Investors.

(ii) The
Company also agrees to pay to the Placement Agent (i) $120,000 for out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses
of Placement Agents counsel and due diligence analysis, half of which shall be paid upon the First Closing (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) and half of which shall be paid upon the Second Closing (as defined in the Purchase Agreement); and (ii) up to $60,000 for
out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of Placement Agents counsel and due diligence analysis, which
shall be payable upon the initial exercise of the Incremental Warrants; and provided, however, that in the event that the
Offering is terminated prior to any Closing, the Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 6 hereof.

(b) The
Company hereby agrees to issue to the Placement Agent (and/or its designees) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (Placement
Agents Warrants), substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto, (i) on each Closing Date other than
the exercise of the Incremental Warrants, and (ii) on each exercise date of the Incremental Warrants held by any Placement Agent Investor,
in each case, upon payment of $100.00 by the Placement Agent, for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 7% of the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes or Incremental Notes issued at on Closing Date or upon such exercise,
as applicable (the Underlying Securities), and with an exercise price equal to 120% of the closing price of the Common
Stock immediately prior to the date hereof or such exercise date, as applicable. The Placement Agents Warrants shall be exercisable,
in whole or in part, commencing on the issuance date and shall be exercisable for a period of five years from the issuance date. In the
event that there is not an effective registration statement permitting for the resale of the shares underlying the Placement Agents
Warrants (the PA Warrant Shares), the Placement Agents Warrants shall be exercisable on a cashless basis.
The Placement Agents Warrants and the PA Warrant Shares are hereinafter referred to together as the Placement Agents
Securities

(c) The
term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be until the earlier of the completion of the Offering and June 30, 2025
(the Exclusive Term). Either the Company or the Placement Agent may elect to terminate the engagement hereunder for
any reason prior to the First Closing, but in the event the Company terminates this Agreement without Cause, the Company will remain responsible
for the fees set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification
and contribution contained herein and the Companys obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration
or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses
actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1 hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rules, will survive
any expiration or termination of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent
or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze, invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business
relationship with Persons (as defined herein) other than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual
or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock
company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind, (ii) Affiliate means any Person
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person
as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act and (iii) Cause with respect to a
termination by the Company means the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of the Placement Agent in the performance of the services
that are the subject to this Agreement. The Placement Agent agrees not to use any confidential information concerning the Company provided
to the Placement Agent by the Company for any purposes other than those contemplated under this Agreement.

2

Section 2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent, as of the date hereof and as of each Closing
Date, all of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company that were made by the Company to the Investors (as defined
in the Purchase Agreement) in Section 3 of the Purchase Agreement are true and correct with the same force and effect as of the date hereof
and as of each Closing Date as if made on the date hereof and each Closing Date, and that such representations and warranties set forth
in Section 3 thereof are hereby incorporated by reference herein. The Company agrees to all of the agreements and covenants with respect
to the Company in Article 4 of the Purchase Agreement and that such agreements and covenants set forth in Article 4 thereof are incorporated
by reference herein. In addition to the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that:

(a) (i)
the Company has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to issue the Placement Agents Securities and to perform
all of its obligations hereunder and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; (ii) this Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the Company and this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance
with its terms; (iii) the Placement Agents Warrants have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will and constitutes valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with
its terms; (iv) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Placement Agents Warrants and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Placement Agents Warrants and the issuance of
the PA Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors and no further
consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required; and (v) the execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the Placement Agents Warrants and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby does
not conflict with or result in a breach of (x) the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other charter documents,
(y) any agreement to which the Company is a party or by which any of its property or assets is bound or (z) any of the other items described
in Article 13 of the Purchase Agreement.

(b) All
disclosure provided by the Company to the Placement Agent regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby,
taken together with all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (all of the foregoing filed
prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits
to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Filings), is
true and correct in all material aspects and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
To the best of the Company's knowledge and belief, other than the current capital raising (of which this Agreement forms part), no event
or circumstance has occurred or information exists with respect to the Company or its business, properties, prospects, operations or financial
conditions, which, under the applicable laws, rules or regulations of the Commission, requires public disclosure or announcement by the
Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.

3

(c) The
Company has not taken and will not take any action, directly or indirectly, so as to cause the Offering to fail to be entitled to rely
upon the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In effecting the Offering, the Company agrees
to comply in all material respects with applicable provisions of the Securities Act and any regulations thereunder and any applicable
laws, rules, regulations and requirements (including, without limitation, all U.S. state law and all national, provincial, city or other
legal requirements).

(d) Issuance
of Placement Agents Warrant and PA Warrant Shares. The PA Warrant Shares are, or at the consummation of the Offering will be,
duly authorized for issuance and, upon exercise of the Placement Agents Warrants in accordance with their respective terms, will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with
respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and
will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

Section 3. Delivery and
Payment. Each Closing shall occur at the offices of Sullivan & Worcester LLP, 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor New York,
New York 10020 (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company) (Placement Agent Counsel).
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Securities sold on such Closing Date
shall be made by Federal Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall be registered in such name
or names and shall be in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one (1) Business Day before the time of purchase.

Deliveries of the documents
with respect to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel. All actions taken at
a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section 4. Covenants and
Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a) Blue
Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Securities for
sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably
request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose,
provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in any
jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not be required
to produce any new disclosure document other than the Transaction Documents. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such
statements, reports and other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the
Placement Agent may reasonably request for distribution of the Securities. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the
suspension of the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in
any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending
such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest
possible moment.

4

(b) Amendments
and Supplements to the Transaction Documents and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder,
so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.
If, prior to the termination of the Offering, any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in the opinion
of the Placement Agent or Placement Agent Counsel, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Transaction Documents in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading, or if it is
necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Transaction Documents, the Company will promptly prepare and furnish at its own expense
to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment or supplement to the Transaction Documents that is necessary in order
to make the statements therein as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case
may be, not misleading, or so that the Transaction Documents, as so amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable laws related
to the Offering. Before amending or supplementing Transaction Documents in connection with the Offering, the Company will furnish the
Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not disseminate any such amendment or supplement to which
the Placement Agent reasonably objects. Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 4(b), the Company and its counsel shall be afforded
a reasonable opportunity to demonstrate why such amendment or supplement may not be necessary or advisable.

(c) Copies
of any Amendments and Supplements to the Transaction Documents. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during
the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of the Transaction
Documents and any amendments and supplements thereto as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(d) [Reserved].

(e) Transfer
Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Stock until such date as no Securities
are outstanding.

(f) Registration
of Securities; Exchange Approval. The Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act and, as of the Closing Date, the Underlying
Securities shall be listed and admitted and authorized for trading (subject to any restrictions or conditions that may be imposed by the
Trading Market in accordance with any Nasdaq rule that may be applicable to the Company as a Foreign Private Issuer) on the Nasdaq Capital
Market (the Trading Market) or other applicable U.S. national exchange and satisfactory evidence of such action shall
have been provided to the Placement Agent. For a period of three (3) years, the Company shall take no action designed to, or likely to
have the effect of terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the
Common Stock from the Trading Market or other applicable U.S. national exchange and the Company has not received any information suggesting
that the Commission or the Trading Market or other U.S. applicable national exchange is contemplating terminating such registration or
listing.

5

(g) Additional
Documents. The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent or the
Investors reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Placement Agent and the Investors. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third-party beneficiary
of, the representations and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with
Investors in the Offering.

(h) No
Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or result in,
or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities
of the Company.

(i) Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement Agents prior
written consent.

Section 5. Conditions
of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the accuracy of the
representations and warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and as of
each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder
on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a) No
Untrue Statements. The Placement Agent shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to the Closing Date that
the SEC Filings contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in the opinion of Placement Agents Counsel, is material or omits
to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading.

(b) Compliance
with Regulatory Requirements. No order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other
securities of the Company shall have been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no
proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities
commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange.

(c) Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Transaction Documents, and the
registration or exemption therefrom, sale and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agent Counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it may reasonably
have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d) No
Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date (if there shall
be more than one Closing Date then prior to each Closing Date), in the Placement Agents sole judgment after consultation with the
Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).

(e) Opinion
of Counsel for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date the favorable opinion of Pryor Cashman LLP,
legal counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, addressed to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory
to the Placement Agent.

6

(f) [Reserved].

(g) Stock
Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the Company
shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor, except as disclosed
in the Companys reports filed under the Exchange Act, shall the Company have received any information suggesting that the Commission
or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing.

(h) Placement
Agents Warrants. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received executed copies of the Placement Agents
Warrants with respect to such Closing, provided the Company has received the Placement Agents designees for such Placement Agents
Warrant at least two (2) Business Days prior to such Closing Date.

(i) Additional
Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information
and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as
contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of
the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If any condition specified
in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Placement Agent by notice
to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any
other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution) and Section 8 (Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6. Payment of
Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the performance of its
obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation: (i) all expenses incident
to the issuance, delivery and qualification of the Securities (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses
of the registrar and transfer agent of the Common Stock; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with
the issuance and sale of the Securities; (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified
public accountants and other advisors; (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping
and distribution of the Transaction Documents, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Placement Agent in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining
exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Securities for offer and sale under the state securities
or blue sky laws or the securities laws of any other country; (vii) the fees and expenses associated with including the Securities on
the Trading Market; and (viii) the fees and expenses of out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of Placement
Agents counsel and due diligence analysis not to exceed $120,000; provided, however, if this Agreement is terminated
without an offering then such amount shall not exceed $25,000.

7

Section 7. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) The Company
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its Affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent (within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its Affiliates
and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person, an Indemnified Person) from
and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all documented fees and expenses (including the documented fees and expenses of one counsel
for all Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they
are incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person
is a party thereto, (i) caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in any Transaction Document or by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged
untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or
on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Transaction Documents) or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection
with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated
thereby or any Indemnified Person's actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or transactions; provided,
however, that, the Company shall not be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally
judicially determined to have resulted solely from such Indemnified Person's (x) gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct in connection
with any of the advice, actions, inactions or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning
the Company in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company.
The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection with enforcing such Indemnified
Person's rights under this Agreement.

(b) Upon
receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an Action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be
sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified
Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity
or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall,
if requested by the Placement Agent or if the Company so elects, assume the defense of any such Action including the employment of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the
right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed to promptly assume the defense and employ counsel
or (ii) the named parties to any such Action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such
Indemnified Person shall have been advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents
the counsel selected by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person;
provided that the Company shall not in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate
counsel for all Indemnified Persons in connection with any Action or related Actions (as defined herein), in addition to any local counsel.
The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any Action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably
withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened Action
in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto)
unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities
arising out of such Action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall
be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or
liability is incurred and is due and payable. Action means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental
or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign).

8

(c) In
the event that the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company
shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand,
of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate, as
well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of fees
actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the Company,
on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed to be in
the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by the Company
in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated, bears
to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d) The
Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Person's actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services or
transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely
from such Indemnified Person's gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions or
services.

(e) The
reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement
and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Person's services under
or in connection with, this Agreement.

Section 8. Representations
and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the
Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent, the Company, or any
of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive delivery of and payment
for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to the Placement Agent, or to the Company, its directors
or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity, contribution and reimbursement
agreements contained in this Agreement.

9

Section 9. Notices.
All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, emailed or telecopied and confirmed to the parties
hereto as follows:

If to the Placement Agent to:

Univest Securities, LLC

75 Rockefeller Plaza, Suite 1838

New York, NY 10019

Attention Edric Yi Guo

Chief Executive Officer

Email: yguo@univest.us

with a copy (for informational purposes only)
to: 

Sullivan & Worcester LLP

1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor

New York, New York 10020

Attention: David Danovitch, Esq.

Email: ddanovitch@sullivanlaw.com

If to the Company:

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

18455 S. Figueroa Street

Gardena, California 902489

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legal@ff.com

with
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

Pryor Cashman
LLP

7 Times
Square

New York,
NY 10036

Attention:
Ali Panjwani, Esq.

Email: ali.panjwani@pryorcashman.com

Any party hereto may change
the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section 10. [Reserved].

Section 11. Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and
directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal representative, and
no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

10

Section 12. Partial Unenforceability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined
to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to
make it valid and enforceable.

Section 13. Governing
Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and delivered in New York City and both this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other respects by the internal laws
of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company: (i)
agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby
shall be instituted exclusively in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, (ii) waives any objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and
(iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company further agrees
to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme
Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process
upon the Company mailed by certified mail to the Companys address shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process
upon the Company, in any such suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent mailed by certified mail to
the Placement Agents address shall be deemed in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent, in any such suit,
action or proceeding. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company agrees that neither the Placement Agent
nor its Affiliates, and the respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives of the Placement Agent, its Affiliates
and each other person, if any, controlling the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates, shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect,
in contract or tort or otherwise) to the Company for or in connection with the engagement and transaction described herein except for
any such liability for losses, claims, damages or liabilities incurred by us that are finally judicially determined to have resulted from
the gross negligence, fraud, violation of law or willful misconduct of such individuals or entities. If either party shall commence an
action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation
and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

Section 14. General Provisions.

(a) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express
or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. Section headings herein are for
the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

11

(b) The
Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length,
are not agents of, and owe no fiduciary duties to the Company or any other person, (ii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those
duties and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (iii) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company.
The Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from an alleged
breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

Section 15. Fee Tail.
The Placement Agent shall be entitled to the Cash Fee and Placement Agents Warrants calculated in the manner described in Section
1 hereto with respect to any private or public offering or other financing or capital raising transaction of any kind consummated within
12 months of the termination or expiration of this Agreement with an investor whom the Placement Agent has, directly or indirectly, introduced
to the Company during the term of this Agreement.

Section 16. Representations
and Warranties of the Placement Agent. 

(a) The
Placement Agent hereby represents and warrants to the Company that, other than ordinary course fees for professional services rendered
and other reasonable and customary business development expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, neither it nor any of its
Affiliates, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, officers, managers, directors, consultants or other representatives, have provided,
have committed to provide or will provide anything of value, including any portion of the Cash Fee, to any of the investors not introduced
by it to the Company (the Non-Univest Investors), including without limitation, V W Investment Holding Limited, FF
Global Partners, Senyun International Ltd and Daguan International Limited, or any of their respective Affiliates, in connection with
the Offering.

2. Other
than ordinary course fees for professional services rendered and other reasonable and customary business development expenses incurred
in the ordinary course of business, the Placement Agent will not provide any consideration of any kind, at any time before or after the
final Closing of the Offering, to any of the Non-Univest Investors or any of their respective Affiliates in connection with the Offering,
including any portion of the Cash Fee payable to the Placement Agent.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally
left blank.]

12

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become
a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

FARADAY FUTURE INTELLIGENT ELECTRIC INC.

By: 

Name: Matthias Aydt

Title: Global Chief Executive Officer

Address for notice:

Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

18455 S. Figueroa Street

Gardena, California 902489

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legal@ff.com

Accepted and Agreed to as of

the date first written above:

Univest Securities, LLC 

By: 

Name: Edric Yi Guo 

Title: CEO and Head of Investment Banking 

Address for notice: 

75 Rockefeller Plaza, Suite 1838 

New York, New York 10019 

Attention: Edric Yi Guo 

Email: yguo@univest 

13

Exhibit A

Placement Agent Investors

Exhibit B

Form of Placement Agent Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea023373601ex99-1_faraday.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED MARCH 24, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Faraday Future Secures New $41 Million Funding
Commitment to Advance Faraday X (FX) and AI Strategic Upgrades

This round of financing is expected to bring the
Companys total fundraising to over $100 million since September 2024.

Los Angeles, CA (March 24, 2025) -- Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. (NASDAQ: FFAI) (Faraday Future, FF or the Company),
a California-based global shared intelligent electric mobility ecosystem company today announced that it has secured $41 million in new
cash financing commitments. The Company expects to use the net proceeds to accelerate the Companys growth and development, including
for general corporate purposes, the continued advancement of the Companys FX brand and the execution and advancement of strategic
projects to achieve the Companys target of rolling out the first FX vehicle by the end of 2025, AI development, including research
and development and testing of end-to-end autonomous driving capabilities, focusing on the three key AI directions outlined in the Companys
previous AI announcements, as well as AI talent acquisition and infrastructure building, recruiting AI-related top talent, building essential
infrastructure and forming capital partnerships.

This financing marks FFs third funding commitment of at least
$30 million in the past six months, surpassing the previous two $30 million financing rounds in September 2024 and December 2024. With
this latest round of financing, the Companys total committed financing over the past seven months has now exceeded $100 million.
Univest Securities, LLC served as exclusive placement agent in this financing.

This new round of funding lays a solid foundation for not only FF but also our new FX brand as it continues to make important
milestones in market strategy and in product development, said Matthias Aydt, Global CEO of FF. I am optimistic about the
opportunities that this new funding will bring, including supporting the ongoing production of our FF 91 2.0 and the growth of the FX
brand in 2025.

This new financing is expected to further strengthen the Companys financial stability. FF remains committed to optimizing resource
allocation, enhancing cost control, improving supply chain management efficiency and further increasing overall operational effectiveness.
The Company will ensure the newly secured funds are strategically allocated to the core initiatives of the FX strategy, accelerating business
growth, expanding market presence and enhancing long-term competitiveness.

The $41 million financing commitment is structured mainly in the form of unsecured convertible notes (Convertible Notes)
and warrants (Warrants) to acquire additional shares of the Companys common stock (Common Stock), plus
up to an additional $10 million that may be committed prior to the first closing (the Financing). For additional information
regarding the material terms relating to the Financing, please see the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on March 24, 2025.

We appreciate our strategic partner, Univest Securities, as our exclusive placement agent in this offering, has demonstrated exceptional
dedication and expertise throughout the financing process. We also appreciate FF Global Partners and Jerry Wangs support on this
transaction, said Koti Meka, CFO of FF. FF is consistently focused on operational efficiency and ensuring that capital is
invested in the most valuable areas. The success of this financing round further strengthens our financial flexibility, enabling us to
execute the FX strategy more efficiently and drive FFs long-term growth.

The Convertible Notes, along with the Warrants and
other securities in this offering (collectively, the Securities), will be issued and sold in transactions exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to the exemption for
transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D of
the Securities Act and in reliance on similar exemptions under applicable state laws.

Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered or
sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws.

The Company has agreed to file one or more registration statements with the SEC to register the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Convertible Notes and exercise of the Warrants issued in connection with the Financing. The Company has also agreed
to call a shareholder meeting to ask for stockholder approval for this financing.

This press release does not constitute an offer to
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities, nor shall it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

2

ABOUT FARADAY FUTURE

Faraday Future is a California-based global shared intelligent electric
mobility ecosystem company. Founded in 2014, the Companys mission is to disrupt the automotive industry by creating a user-centric,
technology-first and smart driving experience. Faraday Futures flagship model, the FF91, exemplifies its vision for luxury, innovation
and performance. The new FX strategy aims to introduce mass production models equipped with state-of-the-art luxury technology similar
to the FF 91, targeting a broader market with middle-to-low price range offerings. FF is committed to redefining mobility through AI innovation.
For more information, please visit https://www.ff.com/us/

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release includes forward looking
statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
When used in this press release, the words estimates, projected, expects, anticipates,
forecasts, plans, intends, believes, seeks, may, will,
should, future, propose and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative
versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which include
statements regarding the successful closings of the Financing, the anticipated use of funds from the Financing, the FX strategy and plans
for the FX brand, the target to roll off the first FX vehicle by the end of 2025, the Companys ability to deliver the three key
AI directions outlined in its previous AI announcements, the products offered by the Company and the markets in which it operates and
the Companys projected future results and market opportunities, are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results
and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside the
Companys control, that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements.

Important
factors, among others, that may affect actual results or outcomes include, among others: that the closings of the Financing could be
delayed or not occur at all; the timing for the two prototype mules to clear U.S. customs; the Companys ability to continue
as a going concern and improve its liquidity and financial position; the Companys ability to pay its outstanding obligations;
the Companys ability to remediate its material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and the risks related
to the restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements; the Companys limited operating history and the
significant barriers to growth it faces; the Companys history of losses and expectation of continued losses; the success of
the Companys payroll expense reduction plan; the Companys ability to execute on its plans to develop and market its
vehicles and the timing of these development programs; the Companys estimates of the size of the markets for its vehicles and
cost to bring those vehicles to market; the rate and degree of market acceptance of the Companys vehicles; the
Companys ability to cover future warranty claims; the success of other competing manufacturers; the performance and security
of the Companys vehicles; current and potential litigation involving the Company; the Companys ability to receive
funds from, satisfy the conditions precedent of and close on the various financings described elsewhere by the Company; the
result of future financing efforts, the failure of any of which could result in the Company seeking protection under the Bankruptcy
Code; the Companys indebtedness; the Companys ability to use its at-the-market program; insurance
coverage; general economic and market conditions impacting demand for the Companys products; potential negative impacts of a reverse stock split; potential cost, headcount and salary reduction actions may not be sufficient or may not achieve their
expected results; circumstances outside of the Companys control, such as natural disasters, climate change, health epidemics
and pandemics, terrorist attacks and civil unrest; risks related to the Companys operations in China; the success of the
Companys remedial measures taken in response to the Special Committee findings; the Companys dependence on its
suppliers and contract manufacturer; the Companys ability to develop and protect its technologies; the Companys
ability to protect against cybersecurity risks; the ability of the Company to attract and retain employees; any adverse developments
in existing legal proceedings or the initiation of new legal proceedings and volatility of the Companys stock price. You
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors
section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2024, as amended on May 30, 2024 and June
24, 2024, as updated by the Risk Factors section of the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended March 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on July 30, 2024, and other documents filed by the Company from time to time with the
SEC.

CONTACTS

Investors (English): ir@faradayfuture.com

Investors (Chinese): cn-ir@faradayfuture.com

Media: john.schilling@ff.com

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ffie-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ffie-20250321_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ffie-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $110,400.00 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ffie-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 21, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39395

Entity Registrant Name Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001805521

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4720320

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 18455 S. Figueroa Street

Entity Address, City or Town Gardena

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90248

City Area Code 424

Local Phone Number 276-7616

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol FFAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $110,400.00 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $110,400.00 per share

Trading Symbol FFAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=FFIE_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=FFIE_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf110400.00PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ff.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0233736-8k_faraday.htm 
ffie-20250321.xsd 
ffie-20250321_def.xml 
ffie-20250321_lab.xml 
ffie-20250321_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-001636-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ea0233736-8k_faraday_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001805521 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

0001805521 

FFIE:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

0001805521 

FFIE:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForSharesOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf110400.00PerShareMember 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001805521 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. 
DE 
001-39395 
84-4720320 
18455 S. Figueroa Street 
Gardena 
CA 
90248 
424 
276-7616 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
FFAI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $110,400.00 per share 
FFAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>