<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-000479.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-000479.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122154743
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-000479
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cannabis Bioscience International Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				844901229
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-146758
		FILM NUMBER:		25545789

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6201 BONHOMME ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 435S
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-733-0868

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6201 BONHOMME ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 435S
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA INFRASTRUCTURE CONSTRUCTION Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090916

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIDELITY AVIATION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070829
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cannabis_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Form 8-K

false000141105700014110572024-12-272024-12-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): December
27, 2024

CANNABIS BIOSCIENCE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Colorado 333-146758 84-4901299

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

of incorporation) Identification Number)

6201 Bonhomme Road, Suite 435N 

Houston, TX 77036

(Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code)

(214)
733-0868

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425
under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to
Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Section 1 Registrants Business and Operations

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

The Registrant and John Jones have entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2024, under which Mr. Jones purchased 250,000,000 shares of the Registrant for the
purchase price of $75,000 or $0.0003 per share. Because Mr. Jones is a director of the Registrant, said agreement was a conflicting
interest transaction under Section 7-108-501 of the Colorado Revised Statutes. At a special meeting of the Registrants board of
directors held on December 27, 2024, the board of directors authorized said agreement, after disclosure of Mr. Jones interest therein,
by a majority of the disinterested directors.

In addition to customary provisions, said agreement
contains a covenant under which the Registrant is required to repurchase the shares, upon demand by Mr. Jones, in the event that their
market value is not $93,750 on December 31, 2025. The Companys obligation to perform this covenant shall terminate. In the event
that the Average Closing Price (as defined) shall on any day exceed $0.000375 per share. In the event of such demand, the Company may,
at its sole option, in lieu of complying with the said covenant, pay to Mr. Jones the difference between (i) $93,750 and (ii) 250,000,000
multiplied by the Average Closing Price (as defined) as of December 31, 2025 (the Demand Average Closing Price) (i) in cash,
(ii) by the issuance to Mr. Jones of a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing such difference by the Demand Average Closing
Price or (iii) a combination of (i) and (ii).

The foregoing description of said agreement is
a summary of its provisions and is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report.

Section 9 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Exhibit Description

10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2024, by and between the Registrant and John Jones.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CANNABIS BIOSCIENCE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Dante Picazo

Dante Picazo

Chief Executive Officer

Dated: January 22, 2025

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cannabis_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This STOCK
PURCHASE AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of December 27, 2024 (the Agreement), by and between CANNABIS
BIOSCIENCE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Colorado, and JOHN
JONES (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the parties desire
that, upon the terms and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor, and the
Investor shall purchase from the Company a total of 250,000,000 newly issued shares of the Companys common stock, without par value
(Common Stock), for the purchase price of $75,000.00 (said the Purchase Price);
and

WHEREAS,
such issuance and sale will be made in reliance upon the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(c) of Regulation
D promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act (Regulation D), and/or upon such other exemption
or exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as may be available with respect to such issuance and sale,

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

In addition to terms defined elsewhere
in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed thereto:

Accredited Investor has the meaning
ascribed to such term by Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144.

Agreement has
the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereof.

Average Closing Price
as of a specified date shall mean the average of the closing prices for the Common Stock on the Trading Market for the 30 trading
days immediately to such date, whether or not the Companys common stock traded on any such trading day.

Bylaws
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.6.

Charter has the meaning assigned to such term in Section
3.6.

Closing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Closing Date
means the date of this Agreement.

Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor.

1 

Commission
Documents means all reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents filed with or
furnished to the Commission by the Company pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, including all material filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), Section 13(c), Section 14 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, since June 1, 2024.

Common Stock
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Recitals.

Company has the meaning assigned to such term in the
preamble hereto.

Damages has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.1.

EDGAR means
the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as applied by the Company.

Governmental Licenses has the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.14.

Indebtedness
means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business),
(b) all guaranties, endorsements, indemnities and other contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others, whether or not the
same are or should be reflected in the Companys balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease
payments due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP.

Intellectual Property
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.14(b).

Investor has the meaning assigned to such term in
the preamble.

Knowledge means
the actual knowledge of the Companys Chief Executive Officer.

Material Adverse Effect
means (i) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event having, or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would likely have, any
material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii)
any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event having, or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would likely have, any effect on
the business, operations, properties or financial condition of the Company that is material and adverse to the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, and/or (iii) any condition, occurrence, state of facts or event that would, or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen
would likely, prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with or delay the ability of the Company to perform any of its obligations hereunder;
provided, however, that none of the following, individually or in the aggregate, shall be taken into account in determining whether
a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or insofar as reasonably can be foreseen would likely occur: (i) changes in conditions in the
U.S. or global capital, credit or financial markets generally, including changes in the availability of capital or currency exchange
rates, provided such changes shall not have affected the Company in a materially disproportionate manner as compared to other similarly
situated companies; (ii) changes generally affecting the mineral resources exploration industry, provided such changes shall not have
affected the Company in a materially disproportionate manner as compared to other similarly situated companies; (iii) any effect of the
announcement of, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement on the Companys relationships, contractual
or otherwise, with customers, suppliers, vendors, bank lenders, strategic venture partners or employees; and (iv) the receipt of any
notice that the Common Stock may be ineligible to continue listing or quotation on the Trading Market, other than a final and non-appealable
notice that the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market shall be terminated on a date certain (unless, prior to
such date certain, the Common Stock is listed or quoted on any other Trading Market).

2 

Person
means any person or entity, whether a natural person, trustee, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company,
trust, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture, governmental agency or authority.

Purchase Price
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Recitals.

Regulation D has the meaning assigned to such term
in the Recitals.

Required
Reports means all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Company was required to file such reports and materials),
other than Current Reports on Form 8-K.

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

Shares means
the shares of Common Stock purchased by the Investor under this Agreement.

Subsidiary
means any corporation or other entity of which at least a majority of the securities or other ownership interest having ordinary voting
power for the election of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time owned directly or indirectly by the
Company and/or any of its other Subsidiaries, but shall not include any corporation or other entity that is not operating.

Trading
Market means the OTC Pink tier of the quotation system operated by OTC Markets Group Inc.; provided, however, that in
the event that the Common Stock shall be listed or quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Capital
Market, the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Area, the NYSE MKT, or the OTCQX or the OTCQB tier operated by OTC Markets Group Inc., then
Trading Market means such other market or exchange or any successor to the foregoing on which the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted.

2024
Financial Statements audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended May 31, 2024, filed as part of the
Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year then ended.

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section 2.1.
Purchase and Sale of the Shares. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall
issue and sell to the Investor, and the Investor shall purchase the Shares from the Company, which Shares shall be newly issued, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock for the Purchase Price.

Section 2.2.
Closing. The closing of said issue and sale shall take place upon payment for the shares by wire transfer to a bank
account of the Company specified in writing by the Company, as quickly as practicable, but in any event, within three business days after
the signing of this Agreement by both parties. Such closing is referred to herein as the Closing. The
date on which the Closing occurs is referred to herein as the Closing Date. Upon the receipt of such payment
by the Company, (a) the Investor shall become the holder of the Shares and (b) the Company shall instruct its Transfer Agent to record
the issuance of the Shares and shall deliver to such Transfer Agent such instruments as it may require to effect such recording.

3 

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
THE INVESTOR

The Investor hereby makes the following
representations and warranties to the Company:

Section 3.1.
Power and Enforceability. The Investor has full legal capacity to enter into and perform his obligations under this
Agreement and to purchase the Shares in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the Investor and, upon its execution and delivery by the Company, will constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Investor, enforceable
against him in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership, or similar laws relating to, or generally affecting the enforcement of, creditors
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application (including any limitation of equitable remedies).

Section 3.2. No Conflicts. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Investor of this Agreement and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not and will not (i) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become
a default) under, or give rise to any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, mortgage,
deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the Investor is a party or is bound,
(ii) create or impose any lien, charge or encumbrance on any property of the Investor under any agreement or any commitment to which
the Investor is party or under which the Investor is bound or under which any of his properties or assets are bound, or (iii) result
in a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment or decree of any court or
governmental agency applicable to the Investor or by which any of his properties or assets are bound or affected, except, for such conflicts,
defaults, terminations, amendments, acceleration, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prohibit
or otherwise interfere with, in any material respect, the ability of the Investor to enter into and perform his obligations under this
Agreement. The Investor is not required under any applicable federal, state, local or foreign law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent,
authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency for it to execute, deliver or perform
any of his obligations under this Agreement or to purchase the Shares in accordance with the provisions hereof; provided, however,
that for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Investor is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant
representations and warranties and the compliance with the relevant covenants and agreements of the Company herein.

Section 3.3. Investment Purpose.
The Investor is acquiring the Shares for his own account, for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for resale in connection
with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered under or exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act. The Investor does not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute
any of the Shares.

Section 3.4. Accredited Investor
Status. The Investor is an Accredited Investor.

Section 3.5.
Reliance on Exemptions. The Investor understands that the Shares are being offered and sold to him in reliance on
specific exemptions from the registration requirements of federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon
the truth and accuracy of, and the Investors compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings of the Investor set forth herein to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Investor to
acquire the Shares.

4 

Section 3.6.
Information. All materials relating to the business, financial condition, management and operations of the Company
and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Shares that the Investor has requested have been furnished or otherwise made available
to the Investor and the Investor has reviewed them to his satisfaction; without limitation, the Investor has reviewed the Commission Documents
via EDGAR. The Investor understands that his investment in the Shares involves a high degree of risk. The Investor is able to bear the
economic risk of an investment in the Shares and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he is capable,
without the assistance of any representative or advisor, of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares. The Investor
has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company concerning the financial
condition and business of the Company and other matters relating to an investment in the Shares. Neither such inquiries nor any other
due diligence investigations conducted by the Investor shall modify, amend or affect the Investors right to rely on the Companys
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or the Investors right to rely on any other document or instrument executed
and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby The Investor has sought
such accounting, legal and tax advice as he has deemed necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to his acquisition
of the Shares. The Investor understands that he and not the Company shall be responsible for his tax liabilities that may arise as a result
of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company has furnished or made available to the Investor via
EDGAR true and correct copies of the Companys Articles of Incorporation as in effect on the Closing Date (the Charter)
and the Companys Bylaws as in effect on the Closing Date (the Bylaws). The Investor has read and understands
the Commission Documents, including, without limitation, the financial statements included therein.

Section 3.7. No Governmental Review.
The Investor understands that no federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any
recommendation or endorsement of the Shares or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Shares, nor have such authorities
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Shares.

Section 3.8.
No General Solicitation. The Investor is not purchasing the Shares as the result of any general solicitation or general
advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale thereof.

Section 3.9.
Resales of Shares. The Investor represents, warrants and covenants that he will resell the Shares in a manner in
compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations.

Section 3.10. Concerning Rule
144. The Investor understands that:

(a) The Shares are Restricted Securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144;

(b)the
exemption from registration under the Securities Act afforded by Rule 144 will be available for any resale of the Shares only if, at
the time of such resale, the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and
has filed all Required Reports;

(c) the
Company can give no assurance that it will have the financial resources to continue to file Required Reports;

(d) in
the event that the exemption from registration under the Securities Act afforded by Rule 144 is not available for resale of the
Shares, no other exemption from such registration may be available; and

(e) if
the Investor is or becomes an Affiliate, he will be subject to the limitation set forth in Rule 144(e) on the number of shares of
Common Stock that he may sell.

Section 3.11. Voting
Power of the Series B Preferred Stock. The Investor understands that the holders of the Companys Series B Preferred Stock
have voting control of the Company with respect to all matters upon which the shareholders of the Company are entitled to vote.

5 

Section 3.12.
Acknowledgment. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Company has not made any representations or warranties
with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than those specifically set forth in Article IV.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
THE COMPANY

The Company
hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants to the Investor:

Section 4.1. Organization, Good Standing
and Power. The Company is a corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Colorado and has all requisite
corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted
and as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing
in every jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except
for any jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.2.
Authorization and Enforceability. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform
its obligations under this Agreement and to issue the Shares in accordance with the provisions hereof. The execution, delivery and performance
by the Company of this Agreement and its consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by
all necessary corporate action. No further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors or its shareholders is required.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, upon its execution and delivery by the Investor, will constitute
a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership or similar
laws relating to, or generally affecting the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of
general application (including any limitation of equitable remedies).

Section 4.3.
Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Commission Documents, except that
the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof is 10,506,749,347. No shares of Common Stock are entitled
to preemptive rights, and, except as set forth in the Commission Documents, there are no outstanding debt securities and no contracts,
commitments, understandings, or arrangements by which the Company is or may become bound to issue additional shares of the capital stock
of the Company or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities
or rights convertible into or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company.

Section 4.4.
Concerning the Shares. The Shares have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the
Company and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid
and nonassessable and free from all liens, charges, taxes, security interests, encumbrances, rights of first refusal, preemptive or similar
rights and other encumbrances.

Section 4.5.
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby do not (i) result in a violation of any provision of the Charter or Bylaws, (ii) conflict with
or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse
of time or both, would become a default) under, or give rise to any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of,
any material agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, note, bond, license, lease agreement, instrument or obligation to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound, (iii) create or impose a lien, charge or encumbrance on any property
or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any agreement or any commitment to which the Company or any of them is a party
or by which the Company or any of them is bound or to which any of their respective properties or assets is subject, or (iv) result in
a violation of any federal, state, local or foreign statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of them are bound or affected (including federal and state
securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Trading Market), except, for such conflicts,
defaults, terminations, amendments, acceleration, cancellations, liens, charges, encumbrances and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the
Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required under any federal, state, local or foreign law,
rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental
agency (including, without limitation, the Trading Market) in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under
this Agreement or to issue the Shares to the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof; provided, however, that, for purposes
of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the representations and warranties
of the Investor in this Agreement and the compliance by it with its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement.

6 

Section 4.6. Commission Documents, Financial
Statements.

(a)The
Company has timely filed (giving effect to permissible extensions in accordance with Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) all
Commission Documents. No Subsidiary of the Company is required to file or furnish any report, schedule, registration, form,
statement, information or other document with the Commission. As of its filing date, each Commission Document filed with or
furnished to the Commission prior to the Closing Date complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to it, and, as of its
filing date, such Commission Document did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any
registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The financial statements, together with
the related notes and schedules, of the Company included in the Commission Documents complied when they were filed as to form in all
material respects with all applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the Commission and all
other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements, together with the related notes and
schedules, were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (i) as may be
otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the
extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements), and fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash
flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).

(b) The
2024 Financial Statements, together with the related notes and schedules were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a
consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto
or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include), and fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the results of
operations and cash flows for the periods then ended.

Section 4.7. No Material Adverse Effect.
Since June 1, 2023, except as the Company has disclosed in reports filed with the Commission, the Company has not experienced or
suffered any Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.8. No Undisclosed
Liabilities. The Company has no liabilities, obligations, claims or losses (whether liquidated or unliquidated, secured
or unsecured, absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) that would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet of the Company prepared
in conformity with GAAP, other than those incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business since June 1, 2023, which, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.9.
No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances. No event or circumstance has occurred with respect to the Company or its
business, properties, liabilities, operations (including results thereof) or conditions (financial or otherwise), which, under applicable
law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company at or before the Closing but which has not been so
publicly announced or disclosed, except for events or circumstances which, individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not have
a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.10. Indebtedness.
Since June 1, 2023, the Company has not incurred any secured or unsecured Indebtedness, except as disclosed in the Commission Documents
or as disclosed to the Investor.

Section 4.11. Title
to Assets. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or has valid rights to lease or otherwise
use, its real and personal property reflected in 2024 Financial Statements and acquired after June 1, 2024, free of mortgages, pledges,
charges, liens, security interests or other encumbrances, except for those that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All real property
and facilities leased by the Company are held by it under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material
and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company.

7 

Section 4.12.
No Actions Pending. To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no action, suit, claim, investigation or proceeding
pending or threatened against the Company which questions the validity of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or any
action taken or to be taken pursuant hereto. To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no action, suit, claim, investigation or proceeding
pending or threatened against or involving the Company or any of its properties or assets or involving any officer or director of the
Company, which, if determined adversely to the Company or any such officer or director, would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment,
order, writ, injunction, decree or award has been issued by or, to the Knowledge of the Company, requested of, any court, arbitrator or
governmental agency that would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.13.
Compliance with Law. The business of the Company has been and is presently being conducted in compliance with all
applicable federal, state, local and foreign governmental laws, rules, regulations and ordinances, except for such non-compliance which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not in violation of any judgment, decree or
order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, except for possible violations which could not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.14. Operation of Business.

(a) The Company possesses
such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and other authorizations (including licenses, accreditation and other similar documentation
or approvals of any local health departments) issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies
as are necessary to conduct the business now operated by it (collectively, Governmental Licenses), except
where the failure to possess such Governmental Licenses, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company is in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the failure to so comply,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. All Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and
effect, except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and
effect, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received any written notice of
proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Governmental Licenses which, if the subject of any unfavorable decision,
ruling or finding, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The Company owns or possesses
adequate patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable
proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, logos, copyrights
and other intellectual property, including, without limitation, all of the intellectual property described in the Commission Documents
as being owned or licensed by the Company (collectively, Intellectual Property), necessary to carry on its
business. There are no actions, suits or judicial proceedings pending, or to the Companys Knowledge threatened, relating to patents
or proprietary information to which the Company is a party or of which any property of the Company is subject, and the Company has not
received any notice or is otherwise aware of any infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any Intellectual
Property or of any facts or circumstances which could render any Intellectual Property invalid or inadequate to protect the interest
of the Company therein, and which infringement or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or invalidity
or inadequacy, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.15.
Material Agreements. The Company has performed in all material respects all of the obligations required to be performed
by it under its contracts, has received no notice of default or an event of default by the Company thereunder and is not aware of any
basis for the assertion thereof, and the Company or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other contracting party thereto are in default
under any such contract, the result of which would have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of such contracts is in full force and effect
and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms against the Company and, to the Knowledge
of the Company, each other contracting party thereto, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, conservatorship, receivership or similar laws relating to, or generally affecting the enforcement
of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

8 

Section 4.16. Taxes. The Company
(i) has filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns or has duly requested extensions thereof, except
for those the failure of which to file would not have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) has paid all federal, state, local and foreign
taxes due and payable for which it is liable, except to the extent that any such taxes are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings, except for such taxes the failure of which to pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) does not have any
tax deficiency or claims outstanding or assessed or, to the Companys Knowledge, proposed against it which would have a Material
Adverse Effect. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the
officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.

Section 4.17. No General
Solicitation or Advertising. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has engaged in any form of
general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Shares.

Section 4.18.
Acknowledgment. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Investor has not made and does not make any representations
or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than those specifically set forth in Article III of
this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

The Company covenants with the
Investor, and the Investor covenants with the Company, as follows, which covenants of one party are for the benefit of the other party:

Section 5.1. Securities
Compliance. The Company shall notify the Commission and the Trading Market, if required by their respective rules and
regulations, of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 5.2. Compliance with
Laws. The Investor shall comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to the performance by it of his obligations
under this Agreement and his investment in the Shares.

Section 5.3
Repurchase of the Shares. The Company covenants that it will repurchase the Shares from the Investor upon his demand, if,
on December 31, 2025, their market value is less than $93,750. Such demand shall be made by notice delivered within 30 days after December
31. 2025. Said market value shall be determined by multiplying 250,000,000 by the Average Closing Price as of December 31, 2025. The Companys
obligation to perform this covenant shall terminate. In the event that the Average Closing Price shall on any day exceed $0.000375 per
share (adjusted for stock splits and combinations, stock dividends and distributions, and other changes in trading price customarily made
by the Trading Market or FINRA). In the event of such demand, the Company may, at its sole option, in lieu of complying with the foregoing
covenant, pay to the Investor the difference between (i) $93,750 and (ii) 250,000,000 multiplied by the Average Closing Price as of December
31, 2025 (the Demand Average Closing Price). Such payment may, at the sole option of the Company, be made (i) in
cash, (ii) by the issuance to the Investor of a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing such difference by the Demand
Average Closing Price or (iii) a combination of (i) and (ii).

ARTICLE VI

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

The obligation of the parties to consummate
the Closing is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) Accuracy of the
Investors Representations and Warranties. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligation of the Company that
the representations and warranties of the Investor contained in this Agreement (i) that are not qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date, except to the extent
such representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such other date and (ii) that are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect
shall be true and correct as of the date of such Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another
date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such other date. By virtue of his consummation
of the Closing, the Investor shall be deemed to have certified that his representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are
true and correct on the Closing Date as specified in the previous sentence.

9 

(b) Accuracy of the Companys
Representations and Warranties. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligation of the Investor that the representations
and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement (i) that are not qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the Closing Date, except to the extent such
representations and warranties are as of another date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of such other date and (ii) that are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect
shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties are as of another date, in
which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such other date. By virtue of its consummation of the
Closing, the Company shall be deemed to have certified to the Investor that its representations and warranties contained in this Agreement
are true and correct on the Closing Date as specified in the previous sentence.

(c) No Injunction.
It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company and the Investor that no statute, regulation, order, decree,
writ, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, threatened or endorsed by any court or governmental authority
of competent jurisdiction which prohibits the consummation of or which would materially modify or delay any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

(d) No Proceedings or
Litigation. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company and the Investor that no action, suit
or proceeding before any arbitrator or any court or governmental authority shall have been commenced or threatened, and no inquiry or
investigation by any governmental authority shall have been commenced or threatened, against the Company or any of the officers, directors
or affiliates of the Company seeking to restrain, prevent or change the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(e) No Material Adverse
Effect. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligation of the Investor that no condition, occurrence, state of facts or
event constituting a Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred and be continuing.

ARTICLE VII

TERMINATION

Section 7.1. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing (i) by the mutual consent of the parties, effective as of the date
of such mutual written consent unless otherwise provided therein or (ii) upon notice by a party upon the breach by the other party of
such other partys representations and warranties or a covenant to be complied with by such other party prior to the Closing.

Section 7.2.
Effect of Termination. In the event of termination by the Company or the Investor pursuant to Section 7.1, this Agreement
shall become void and of no further force and effect, except that (i) the provisions of Article VIII (Indemnification), Article IX (Miscellaneous)
and this Article VII (Termination) shall remain in full force and effect indefinitely notwithstanding such termination, and, (ii) as long
as the Investor owns any Shares, the covenants and agreements of the Company contained in Article V (Additional Covenants) shall remain
in full force, notwithstanding such termination, for a period of 12 months following such termination.

ARTICLE
VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.1.
Fees and Expenses. Each party shall bear its own fees and expenses related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
The Company shall pay all federal, state and local stamp and other similar transfer and other taxes and duties levied in connection with
issuance of the Shares.

Section 8.2.
Legends. Any certificate representing the Shares shall bear a restrictive legend in the form customarily placed by
the Transfer agent on certificated representing Restricted Securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144.

10 

Section 8.3. Specific Enforcement
and Rescission, Consent to Jurisdiction, Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a)The Company and the Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the
covenants set forth in this Agreement to be performed after the Closing were breached. It is accordingly agreed that either party
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure such breaches and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions hereof (without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being
in addition to any other remedy to which either party may be entitled by law or equity. The Investor may rescind this Agreement in
the event that the Company fails timely, after demand by the Investor, to perform its obligations under clause (b) of the last
sentence of Section 2.2.

(b) Each
of the Company and the Investor (a) hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the State of Texas sitting
in the county of Harris and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and (b) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such court, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each of the Company and the Investor consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under
this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing in this
Section 8.3 shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

(c)
EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO
A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISPUTES RELATING HERETO. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE INVESTOR (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.3.

Section 8.4.
Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with
respect to the purchase of the Shares and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and understandings between
the parties, both oral and written, with respect to such matters. There are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by
either party relative to subject matter hereof that are not expressly set forth herein. No provision of this Agreement may be amended
other than by a written instrument signed by both parties.

Section 8.5.
Notices. Any notice, demand, request, waiver or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be effective (a) upon personal delivery to the Investor or to the chief executive officer of the Company, if delivered
on a business day during normal business hours, or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business
day during normal business hours or (b) on the first business day following the date of delivery by express courier service and fully
prepaid to the following address:

If to the Company:

Cannabis Bioscience International
Holdings, Inc.

6201 Bonhomme Road, Suite 435N

Houston, TX 77036

Attention:
Chief Executive Officer

11 

If to the Investor:

John Jones

19 Manor Drive

Pensacola, FL 32507

Either party hereto may, from time
to time, change its address for notice by giving at least 10 days advance written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

Section 8.6. Waivers.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such
waiver is sought. No failure or delay in exercising any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercises thereof or any other right, power
or privilege.

Section 8.7. Headings.
The article, section and subsection headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement
for any other purpose and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise,
each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including,
includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without
limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this
entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

Section 8.8.
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and their respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity
to revise this Agreement and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference in this Agreement to Dollars
or $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

Section 8.9.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and assigns. The Investor may not assign his rights or obligations under this Agreement.

Section 8.10.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended only for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

Section 8.11.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal procedural and substantive
laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to the choice of law provisions of such state that would cause the application of the
laws of any other jurisdiction.

Section 8.12.
Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Company and the Investor contained in
this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery hereof until the termination of this Agreement, provided, however, that (i)
Article VII (Termination), Article VIII (Indemnification) and this Article IX (Miscellaneous) shall remain in full force and effect indefinitely
notwithstanding such termination, and, (ii) so long as the Investor owns any Shares, the covenants and agreements of the Company contained
in Article V (Additional Covenants), shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination for a period of 12 months
following such termination.

Section 8.13. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same original and binding
instrument and shall become effective when all counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other parties hereto,
it being understood that all parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart. In the event any signature is delivered by facsimile,
digital or electronic transmission, such transmission shall constitute delivery of the manually executed original.

12 

Section 8.14.
Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and, in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction
shall determine that any one or more of the provisions or part of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other
provision or part of a provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be reformed and construed as if such invalid or illegal or
unenforceable provision, or part of such provision, had never been contained herein, so that such provisions would be valid, legal and
enforceable to the maximum extent possible.

Section 8.15.
Further Assurances. From and after the date of the Closing, upon the request of the Investor or the Company, each
of the Company and the Investor shall execute and deliver such instrument, documents and other writings as may be reasonably necessary
or desirable to confirm and carry out and to effectuate fully the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officer as of the date first
above written.

CANNABIS
BIOSCIENCE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Dante Picazo 

Dante Picazo 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ John Jones 

John Jones 

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cbih-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cbih-20241227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cbih-20241227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 27, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity File Number 333-146758

Entity Registrant Name CANNABIS BIOSCIENCE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001411057

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4901299

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CO

Entity Address, Address Line One 6201 Bonhomme Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 435N

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77036

City Area Code 214

Local Phone Number 733-0868

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cbih.net/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cannabis_8k.htm 
cbih-20241227.xsd 
cbih-20241227_lab.xml 
cbih-20241227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-000479-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>cannabis_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001411057 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001411057 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
CANNABIS BIOSCIENCE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
CO 
333-146758 
84-4901299 
6201 Bonhomme Road 
Suite 435N 
Houston 
TX 
77036 
214 
733-0868 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>