<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-008666.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-008666.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321085714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-008666
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250319
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fluent, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001460329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				770688094
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37893
		FILM NUMBER:		25758650

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6466697272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cogint, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IDI, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150520

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tiger Media, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121231
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>flnt20250320_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?flnt20250320_8k.htm

false000146032900014603292025-03-192025-03-19

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 19, 2025

FLUENT, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-37893 

77-0688094

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

300 Vesey Street, 9th Floor

New York,New York 

10282

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (646)669-7272

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0005 par value per share 

FLNT 

TheNasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 19, 2025, Fluent, Inc. (the Company) entered into securities purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements) with certain officers and/or directors (collectively, the Inside Investors) and certain stockholders of the Company, including the Companys largest stockholder (the Stockholders and together with the Inside Investors, the Purchasers), pursuant to which the Company sold to the Purchasers pre-funded warrants (the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 2,332,104 shares of common stock of the Company (the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and together with the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants, the Unregistered Securities), having an exercise price of $0.0005 per share, at a purchase price of $2.174 per Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrant (the Offering).

In connection with the Offering, on March 19, 2025, the Company entered into the First Amendment (the "Support Agreement Amendments") to the Support Agreements originally dated November 29, 2024 (the Support Agreements) with the Insiders (as defined in the Support Agreements) to, among other things, amend certain definitions to include the Purchase Agreements and Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants.

The exercise of the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants issued to the Inside Investors is subject to stockholder approval and, upon such approval, such Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants will be immediately exercisable and will terminate when exercised in full. The Company will be obligated to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain stockholder approval of the exercise of the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants in accordance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market at the next annual meeting of the Company's stockholders (the Stockholder Meeting Deadline). If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the stockholder approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company is required to cause an additional stockholder meeting to be held within 90 days after the Stockholder Meeting Deadline. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the stockholder approval is not obtained at such subsequent stockholder meeting, the Company is required to cause an additional stockholder meeting to be held semi-annually thereafter until stockholder approval is obtained.

The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreements were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreements. In addition, such representations, warranties and covenants (i) are intended as a way of allocating the risk between the parties to the Purchase Agreements and not as statements of fact, and (ii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material by stockholders of, or other investors in, the Company. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreements are included with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the transaction, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the Company. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreements, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures.

The closing of the sales of the Unregistered Warrants under the Purchase Agreements occurred on March 20, 2025.

The net proceeds from the Offering were approximately $5.0 million, after deducting offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes which may include capital expenditures, working capital and general and administrative expenses.

The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreements, the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants and the Support Agreement Amendments are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of the Purchase Agreement, the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrant and the Support Agreement Amendment copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equities Securities.

Reference is made to the disclosure under Item 1.01 above with respect to the Unregistered Securities which is hereby incorporated in this Item 3.02 by reference. The Unregistered Securities were sold pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, available under Section 4(a)(2).

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

10.1+ 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 

Form of First Amendment to Support Agreement

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

+ Certain of the schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon its request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Fluent, Inc. 

March 19, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Donald Patrick 

Name: 

Donald Patrick 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_792735.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
ex_792735.htm

Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS WARRANT, NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT (COLLECTIVELY, THE SECURITIES), HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. THE COMPANY MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS.

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

FLUENT, INC.

Warrant Shares: [ ] Issuance Date: March [ ], 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this Warrant) certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the later of the Issuance Date and the date that the Stockholder Approval is obtained and deemed effective (the Initial Exercise Date) and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Fluent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [ ] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

1

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0005 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fair Market Value means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the closing price of the Common Stock for the Trading Day in question (or the nearest preceding Trading Day if the day in question is not a Trading Day) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by the Trading Market, (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market from the Companys stockholders with respect to, among other things, the issuance of this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant. To the extent that Stockholder Approval is not required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market as in effect at the Issuance Date, as determined by the Company in consultation with its legal counsel, this Warrant may be exercised prior to Stockholder Approval but only to the extent that such exercise does not require Stockholder Approval.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or, the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004, and a phone number of (212) 509-4000, or any successor transfer agent for the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and this Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

3

b) Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0005 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Issuance Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0005 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0005, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c) Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = the Fair Market Value on the Trading Day that the applicable Notice of Exercise is both executive and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. 

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and there is an effective registration statement permitting the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

4

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of the Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

5

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii. Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant or any other warrants issued by the Company), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

6

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution.

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder, the number of shares of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or Common Stock of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(d) regardless of (i) whether the Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

7

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

8

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issuance Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

9

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of this Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of this Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period this Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

10

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

11

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 300 Vesey Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10282, Attention:Ryan Perfit, email address: rperfit@fluentco.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to the Holder at the e-mail address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of the Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by such holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the written consent of the Holder, on the other hand.

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

12

n) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

o) Stockholder Approval. The Company shall provide each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders of the Company (the Stockholder Meeting), a proxy statement soliciting such stockholders affirmative vote in favor of the Stockholder Approval (the date the Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Stockholder Approval Date), and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies in favor of the Stockholder Approval and to cause the Board of Directors to recommend to the stockholders that they vote in favor of the Stockholder Approval. If, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the next annual meeting of the Companys stockholders (the Stockholder Meeting Deadline), the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held within ninety (90) days after the Stockholder Meeting Deadline. If, despite the Company's reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained at such subsequent Stockholder Meeting, the Company shall cause an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held semi-annually thereafter until the Stockholder Approval is obtained.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

FLUENT, INC.

By: 

Name: Donald Patrick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

14

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: FLUENT, INC.

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity:

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Date: ____________________________________________________________________ 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase Warrant Shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_792736.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_792736.htm

Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 19,2025, between Fluent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

RECITALS

A. The Company and each Purchaser is executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

B. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, wishes to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such Securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition) or investigation pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened in writing against the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or any officer, director or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary acting in his or her capacity as an officer, director or employee before or by any federal, state, county, local or foreign court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, regulatory authority, stock market, stock exchange or trading facility.

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any Purchaser that is an investment fund or other investment vehicle, such Purchaser shall be deemed not to be an Affiliate of (i) any portfolio company of such Purchaser or its Affiliates or (ii) any limited partner of any such Purchaser or its Affiliates.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

-1-

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means no more than two (2) Trading Days on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0005 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock or other securities that entitle the holder to receive, directly or indirectly, Common Stock.

Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Company Counsel means Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP with offices located at 12275 El Camino Real, Suite 100, San Diego, California 92130.

Companys Knowledge means with respect to any statement made to the Companys Knowledge, that the statement is based upon the actual or constructive knowledge of any director and executive officer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Company, after due inquiry.

Control (including the terms controlling, controlled by or under common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Disclosure Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(h).

Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

DTC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(c).

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(bb).

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

-2-

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, as applied by the Company.

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(p).

Liens means any lien, charge, claim, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is, or would reasonably be expected to become, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to the business, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Company; provided, however, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change, directly or indirectly, arising out of or attributable to: (i) general economic or political conditions; (ii) conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company operates; (iii) any changes in financial or securities markets in general; (iv) acts of war (whether or not declared), armed hostilities or terrorism, or the escalation or worsening thereof; (v) any action required or permitted by this Agreement; (vi) any changes in applicable laws or accounting rules, including GAAP; (vii) the public announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (viii) any natural or mad-made disaster or acts of God; or (ix) any failure by the Company to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings predictions (provided that the underlying causes of such failures (subject to the other provisions of this definition) shall not be excluded).

Material Contract means any contract of the Company that has been filed or was required to have been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Reports pursuant to Item 601(b)(4) or Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Net Short Sale shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.11.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, sole proprietorship, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price equals $2.174.

Pre-Funded Warrant means, collectively, the pre-funded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable at any time on or after the date that the Stockholder Approval is obtained and deemed effective and shall expire when exercised in full, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Purchaser or Purchasers has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

-3-

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Russia, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Peoples Republic of Donetsk, the so-called Peoples Republic of Luhansk, and the Crimea, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine).

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (c) any Person otherwise the subject or target of any Sanctions.

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities means the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Staff means the staff of the Commission.

Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Pre-Funded Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus a Purchasers aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised).

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports and Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Support Agreement mean that certain support agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C.

-4-

Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market from the Companys stockholders with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents including the issuance of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Warrant Shares.

Trading Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(g).

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004, and a phone number of (212) 509-4000, or any successor transfer agent for the Company.

Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $5,070,000 of Pre-Funded Warrants. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Pre-Funded Warrants as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iii) a Pre-Funded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price minus $0.0005, with an exercise price equal to $0.0005, subject to adjustment therein;

-5-

(iv) the amendment to the Support Agreement duly executed by the Company; and

(v) evidence that the Company has filed with The Nasdaq Capital Market the listing of additional shares application for the Securities.

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) the amendment to the Support Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser; and

(iii) such Purchasers Subscription Amount (less the aggregate exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants issuable to such Purchaser hereunder, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised for cash), which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the Company or its designee.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless such representation or warranty is as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

-6-

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except (i) as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, or (ii) disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports the Company hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date), to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(a), the Company has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or comparable equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or comparable equity interest of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and no Proceeding has been instituted, is pending, or, to the Companys Knowledge, has been threatened in writing in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The Companys execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, but not limited to, the sale and delivery of the Pre-Funded Warrants and the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and no further corporate action is required by the Company, its Board of Directors or its stockholders in connection therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. Each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and is, or when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

-7-

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities) do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provisions of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate of incorporation, bylaws or otherwise result in a violation of the organizational documents of the Company, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would result in a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any Material Contract, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations, assuming the correctness of the representations and warranties made by the Purchasers herein, of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, including all applicable Trading Markets), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and (iii) the filing with the Commission of a preliminary and definitive proxy statement in respect of the Stockholder Approval (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Securities. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in this Agreement, the Warrant Shares will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

-8-

(g) Capitalization. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g), the number of shares and type of all authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock, options and other securities of the Company (whether or not presently convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company) is set forth in the Companys SEC Reports. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since the date of its most recently filed SEC Report other than to reflect stock option and warrant exercises that do not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the issued and outstanding capital stock, options and other securities. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that have not been effectively waived as of the Closing Date. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, Schedule 3.1(g) or a result of the purchase and sale of the Pre-Funded Warrants, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Pre-Funded Warrants will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g) or in the Companys SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the Companys Knowledge, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC Reports; Disclosure Materials. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports, and the SEC Reports, together with the Disclosure Schedules, being collectively referred to as the Disclosure Materials) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except where the failure to file on a timely basis would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of their respective filing dates, or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement, the Companys SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the Companys SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, the Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. Each of the Material Contracts to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or to which the property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subject has been filed as an exhibit to the Companys SEC Reports.

(i) Financial Statements. The financial statements of the Company included in the Companys SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent restatement). Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial year-end audit adjustments.

-9-

(j) Material Changes. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the Companys SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there have been no events, occurrences or developments that have had or would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered materially its method of accounting or the manner in which it keeps its accounting books and records, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock (other than in connection with repurchases of unvested stock issued to employees of the Company), and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except Common Stock issued in the ordinary course as dividends on outstanding preferred stock or issued pursuant to existing Company stock option or stock purchase plans or executive and director compensation arrangements disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports.

(k) Litigation. There is no Action which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) except as specifically disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports, would, if there were an unfavorable decision, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the Companys Knowledge any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the Companys Knowledge there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(l) Employment Matters. No material labor dispute exists or, to the Companys Knowledge, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company which would have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or any Subsidiarys employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and each Subsidiary believes that its relationship with its employees is good. No executive officer of the Company (as defined in Rule 501(f) of the Securities Act) has notified the Company or any such Subsidiary that such officer intends to leave the Company or any such Subsidiary or otherwise terminate such officer's employment with the Company or any such Subsidiary. To the Companys Knowledge, no executive officer, to the Companys Knowledge, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any term of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of a third party, and to the Companys Knowledge, the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any Subsidiary to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

-10-

(m) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under), nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries received written notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any Material Contract (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company or its properties or assets, or (iii) is in violation of, or in receipt of written notice that it is in violation of, any statute, rule or regulation of any governmental authority applicable to the Company, except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its respective business as currently conducted and as described in the Companys SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits, individually or in the aggregate, has not and would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of Proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such Material Permits.

(o) Title to Assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to any real property owned by them. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all tangible personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as whole, in each case free and clear of all Liens except such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(p) Intellectual Property.

(i) To the Companys Knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark applications and registrations, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses, technology, know-how and other intellectual property rights and similar rights described in the Companys SEC Reports as necessary or material for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have would have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property). Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of the Intellectual Property rights used by the Company or any Subsidiary violates or infringes upon the rights of any Person. There is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened action, suit, Proceeding or claim by any Person that the Companys business as now conducted infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of another. To the Companys Knowledge, there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property rights that would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their Intellectual Property rights, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

-11-

(ii) To the Companys Knowledge, all Company Intellectual Property is valid and enforceable and all maintenance/annuities fees have been timely paid. The Company has complied with its duty of disclosure under 37 CFR 1.56(c). The validity and/or enforceability of the Company Intellectual Property has not been challenged in any jurisdiction, and the Company is not aware of any facts that would give rise to such a challenge.

(q) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the Companys Knowledge, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

(r) Internal Accounting Controls. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, the Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of liabilities is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley; Disclosure Controls. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all of the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, which are applicable to it as of the Closing Date. The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the Companys most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

(t) Certain Fees. No person or entity will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or a Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company with respect to the offer and sale of the Securities. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this paragraph (t) that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Company shall indemnify, pay, and hold each Purchaser harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such right, interest or claim.

-12-

(u) Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers under the Transaction Documents. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Pre-Funded Warrants, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration Rights. Other than as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company other than those securities which are currently registered on an effective registration statement on file with the Commission.

(x) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Companys Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received written notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports, the Company is in compliance with all listing and maintenance requirements of the principal Trading Market on the date hereof.

(y) Disclosure. The Company confirms that it has not provided, and to the Companys Knowledge, none of its officers or directors nor any other Person acting on its or their behalf has provided, any Purchaser or its respective agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes material, non-public information except insofar as the existence, provisions and terms of the Transaction Documents and the proposed transactions hereunder may constitute such information, all of which will be disclosed by the Company in a Current Report on Form 8-K as contemplated by Section 4.4 hereof. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

(z) Intentionally Omitted.

(aa) Tax Matters. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has accurately and timely prepared and filed all foreign, federal and state income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith, with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside on the books of the Company and (iii) has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, where the failure to so pay or file any such tax, assessment, charge or return would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction.

-13-

(bb) Environmental Matters. To the Companys Knowledge, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, decision or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is in violation of any Environmental Laws, (iii) is liable for any off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or (iv) is subject to any claim relating to any Environmental Laws; which violation, contamination, liability or claim has had or would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and there is no pending investigation or, to the Companys Knowledge, investigation threatened in writing that might lead to such a claim.

(cc) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Pre-Funded Warrants by any form of general solicitation or general advertising.

(dd) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) taken any action that would reasonably be expected to subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any criminal or governmental litigation or Proceeding under any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(ee) Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company (or any Subsidiary) and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in SEC Reports and is not so disclosed and would have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

-14-

(gg) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to the Companys Knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the securities of the Company or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(hh) Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee, Affiliate or Person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. Sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department; and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of the Securities, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person or entity, for the purpose of financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country or in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. If an entity, such Purchaser is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by such Purchaser and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such Purchaser is not a corporation, such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(b) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by such Purchaser of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of such Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which such Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to such Purchaser, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of such Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

(c) Investment Intent. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to, or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws, provided, however, that by making the representations herein, such Purchaser does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum period of time and reserves the right, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or under an exemption from such registration and in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Such Purchaser does not presently have any agreement, plan or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute or effect any distribution of any of the Securities (or any securities which are derivatives thereof) to or through any person or entity; such Purchaser is not a registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered as a broker-dealer.

-15-

(d) Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Pre-Funded Warrants, it was, and at the date hereof it is, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act.

(e) General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general advertisement.

(f) Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of such Purchaser or its representatives or counsel shall modify, amend or affect such Purchaser's right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of the Disclosure Materials and the Company's representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents. Such Purchaser has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities.

(g) Certain Trading Activities. Other than with respect to the transactions contemplated herein, since the time that such Purchaser was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transactions contemplated hereby, neither the Purchaser nor any Affiliate of such Purchaser which (x) had knowledge of the transactions contemplated hereby, (y) has or shares discretion relating to such Purchasers investments or trading or information concerning such Purchasers investments, including in respect of the Securities, and (z) is subject to such Purchasers review or input concerning such Affiliates investments or trading (collectively, Trading Affiliates) has directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser or Trading Affiliate, effected or agreed to effect any purchases or sales of the securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any Short Sales involving the Companys securities). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser and/or Trading Affiliate that is, individually or collectively, a multi-managed investment bank or vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser's or Trading Affiliates assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser's or Trading Affiliates assets, the representation set forth above shall apply only with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that have knowledge about the financing transaction contemplated by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

-16-

(h) Brokers and Finders. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or any Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Purchaser.

(i) Independent Investment Decision. Such Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and such Purchaser confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other Purchasers business and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Such Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities. Such Purchaser confirms that none of such Persons has made any representations or warranties to such Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(j) Reliance on Exemptions. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and such Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to acquire the Securities.

(k) Residency. Such Purchasers residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below such Purchasers name on its signature page hereto.

The Company and each of the Purchasers acknowledge and agree that no party to this Agreement has made or makes any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Article III and the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, each Purchaser covenants that the Securities may be disposed of only pursuant to an effective registration statement under, and in compliance with the requirements of, the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities other than (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) to the Company, or (iii) pursuant to Rule 144 (provided that the Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurances (in the form of seller and, if applicable, broker representation letters) that the Securities may be sold pursuant to such rule), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of a transfer other than pursuant to (i) through (iii) above, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights of a Purchaser under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Securities.

-17-

(b) Legends. Certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive legend in substantially the following form, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c):

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS TRANSFER AGENT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(c) Removal of Legends. The legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend or any other legend to the holder of the applicable Securities upon which it is stamped or issue to such holder by electronic delivery at the applicable balance account at the Depository Trust Company (DTC), if (i) such Securities are sold or transferred pursuant to the effective registration statement registering the Securities for resale (during such time that such registration statement is effective and not withdrawn or suspended, and only as permitted by such registration statement) or Rule 144 (if the transferor is not an Affiliate of the Company), or (ii) such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. Following the earliest of (i) one (1) year from the Closing Date, (ii) Rule 144 becoming available for the resale of Securities, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and (iii) the date, if any, that the registration statement covering the resale of the Securities has been declared effective by the Commission, the Company shall cause Company Counsel to issue to the Transfer Agent a legal opinion. Any fees (with respect to the Transfer Agent, Company Counsel or otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion or the removal of such legend shall be borne by the Company. Following such time as a legend is no longer required for certain Securities, the Company will, no later than two (2) Trading Days, in each case following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company (with notice to the Company) of a legended certificate (or book entry certificate) representing Securities (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in form necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such Securities that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.1(c). Certificates for Securities subject to legend removal hereunder may be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchasers by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with DTC as directed by such Purchaser.

-18-

(d) Acknowledgement. Each Purchaser hereunder acknowledges its primary responsibilities under the Securities Act and accordingly will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any interest therein without complying with the requirements of the Securities Act.

4.2 Furnishing of Information. In order to enable the Purchasers to sell the Securities under Rule 144, until such time as the Purchasers may sell the Securities without limitation under Rule 144, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act and, if during such period, the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to the Exchange Act, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchasers and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchasers to sell the Securities under Rule 144.

4.3 Intentionally Omitted.

4.4 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. Within four (4) Business Days following the execution of this Agreement, the Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission describing the terms of the Transaction Documents (and including as exhibits to such Current Report on Form 8-K the material Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, this Agreement)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser or an Affiliate of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser or an Affiliate of any Purchaser in any press release or filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, except (i) as required by federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement registering the resale of the Securities and (B) the filing of final Transaction Documents (including signature pages thereto) with the Commission and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, request of the Staff or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior written notice of such disclosure permitted under this subclause (ii). From and after the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the terms of the Transaction Documents, no Purchaser shall be in possession of any material, non-public information received from the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents, that is not disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K unless a Purchaser shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are required to be publicly disclosed by the Company as described in this Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

4.5 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, including this Agreement, or as expressly required by any applicable securities law, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information regarding the Company that the Company believes constitutes material non-public information without the express written consent of such Purchaser, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company or any of its officers, directors, agents, employees, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company or any of its officers, directors, agents, employees, Subsidiaries or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

-19-

4.6 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital and general corporate purposes.

4.7 Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.7 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

-20-

4.8 Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.9 Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through DTC or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to DTC or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.10 Intentionally Omitted.

4.11 Short Sales and Confidentiality After The Date Hereof. Such Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its Trading Affiliates not to, engage, directly or indirectly, in any transactions in the Companys securities (including, without limitation, any Short Sales involving the Companys securities) during the period from the date hereof until the earlier of such time as (i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced as required by and described in Section 4.4 or (ii) this Agreement is terminated in full pursuant to Section 5.20. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as described in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents and Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in Short Sales in the securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced as described in Section 4.4; provided, however, each Purchaser agrees, severally and not jointly with any Purchasers, that they will not enter into any Net Short Sales (as hereinafter defined) from the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earliest of (x) the effective date, if any, of a registration statement covering the resale of the Securities, (y) the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Closing Date or (z) the date that such Purchaser no longer holds any Securities. For purposes of this Section 4.11, a Net Short Sale by any Purchaser shall mean a sale of Common Stock by such Purchaser that is marked as a Short Sale and that is made at a time when there is no equivalent offsetting long position in Common Stock held by such Purchaser. For purposes of determining whether there is an equivalent offsetting position in Common Stock held by the Purchaser, the amount of shares of Common Stock held in a long position shall be any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents otherwise then held by such Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchaser's assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchaser's assets, the representation set forth above shall apply only with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that have knowledge about the financing transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

4.12 Intentionally Omitted.

-21-

4.13 Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Pre-Funded Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Pre-Funded Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Pre-Funded Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Pre-Funded Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.14 Acknowledgements Regarding Investment Decision. Each Purchaser represents that it is making this investment based on the results of its own due diligence investigation of the Company, and has not relied on any information or advice furnished by or on behalf of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. Each Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has not made, and will not make, any representations and warranties with respect to the Company or the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Purchaser will not rely on any statements made by the Company, orally or in writing, to the contrary.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. At or after the Closing, and without further consideration, the Company and the Purchasers will execute and deliver to the other such further documents as may be reasonably requested in order to give practical effect to the intention of the parties under the Transaction Documents.

5.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via electronic mail at the e-mail address specified in this Section 5.3 prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via electronic mail at the e-mail address specified in this Section 5.3 on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (c) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:

If to the Company: Fluent, Inc.

300 Vesey Street, 9th Floor

New York, New York 10282

Attention: Ryan Perfit, Chief Financial Officer

E-mail: rperfit@fluentco.com

-22-

With a copy to: Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP

12275 El Camino Real, Suite 100

San Diego, California 92130 

Attention: John Tishler, Esq.

E-mail: jtishler@sheppardmullin.com

If to a Purchaser: To the address set forth under such Purchasers name on the signature page hereof; or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such Person.

5.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased (or, if prior to the Closing, all of the Purchasers) at least 50.1% in interest of the Pre-Funded Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.4 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.5 Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Purchaser to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any Transaction Document unless the same consideration is also offered to all Purchasers who then hold Securities. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of the Securities or otherwise.

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents.

5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

-23-

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in Sections 4.7 and this 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such Delaware Court, or that such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

5.10 Survival. Subject to applicable statute of limitations, the representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

-24-

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Pre-Funded Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any Warrant Shares subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Pre-Funded Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

5.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

-25-

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to prices of the Securities in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the sale and purchase of the Securities abandoned at any time prior to the Closing by either the Company or any Purchaser (with respect to itself only) upon written notice to the other, if the Closing has not been consummated on or prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on March 20, 2025; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 5.20 shall not be available to any Person whose failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement has been the cause of or resulted in the failure of the Closing to occur on or before such time. Nothing in this Section 5.20 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. In the event of a termination pursuant to this Section 5.20, the Company shall promptly notify all non-terminating Purchasers. Upon a termination in accordance with this Section 5.20, the Company and the terminating Purchaser(s) shall not have any further obligation or liability (including arising from such termination) to the other, and no Purchaser will have any liability to any other Purchaser under the Transaction Documents as a result therefrom.

(Signature Pages Follow)

-26-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

FLUENT, INC. 

By: //Donald H. Patrick 

Name: Donald Patrick

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

-27-

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO FLNT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription Amount: $_________________

Pre-Funded Warrant Shares: ___________

EIN Number: ____________________

SSN Number: ____________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

-28-

INSTRUCTION SHEET

(to be read in conjunction with the entire Securities Purchase Agreement)

A. 

Complete the following items in the Securities Purchase Agreement:

1. 

Provide the information regarding the Purchaser requested on the signature page. The Securities Purchase Agreement must be executed by an individual authorized to bind the Purchaser.

B. 

Instructions regarding the transfer of funds for the purchase of Pre-Funded Warrants is set forth on Exhibit B to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

-29-

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT

-30-

EXHIBIT B

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS

-31-

EXHIBIT C

SUPPORT AGREEMENT

-32-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_792737.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_792737.htm

Exhibit 10.2

FIRST AMENDMENT TO

SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This First Amendment (this Amendment) to the Support Agreement is dated as of March [ ], 2025, and is entered into by and between Fluent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the stockholder listed on the signature page hereto under the heading Stockholder (Stockholder). All capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Support Agreement (as defined herein).

WHEREAS, on November 29, 2024, the Company and certain Insider Buyers entered into Securities Purchase Agreements pursuant to which the Company sold to the Insider Buyers Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,187,802 shares of the Companys Common Stock in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

WHEREAS, on November 29, 2024, the Company and certain Non-Insider Buyers entered into Securities Purchase Agreements pursuant to which the Company sold to the Non-Insider Buyers an aggregate of 2,483,586 shares of the Companys Common Stock pursuant to the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281805) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 28, 2024 and declared effective on September 9, 2024 together with an accompanying prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 2, 2024.

WHEREAS, as a condition to the Companys willingness to enter into the Purchase Agreements and to consummate the Transactions contemplated thereby, the Company and the Buyers entered into Support Agreements dated as of November 29, 2024 (collectively, the Support Agreements and individually, a Support Agreement) pursuant to which the Stockholder agreed to (a) vote all of the Covered Securities that the Stockholder or his or its controlled affiliates are entitled to vote thereon in favor of, or consent on behalf of itself and all of its controlled affiliates to, all of the corporate actions subject to Stockholder Approval; and (b) vote all of the Covered Securities that the Stockholder or its controlled affiliates are entitled to vote thereon against, or decline (on behalf of itself and all of its controlled affiliates) to consent to, any proposal or any other corporate action or agreement that would result in a breach by the Company of the Private Purchase Agreements or impede, delay or otherwise adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Private Purchase Agreements or any similar agreements entered into by the Company and the Buyers in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Private Purchase Agreements.

WHEREAS, the Company intends to conduct an offering of its securities and in connection with such offering the Company and the Stockholder desire to amend the Support Agreement in accordance with the terms set forth below.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. The term Private Purchase Agreements that appears in the first WHEREAS clause of the Support Agreement shall be amended and restated its entirety such that Private Purchase Agreements shall mean those certain Securities Purchase Agreements by and between the Company and certain Insider Buyers dated as of November 29, 2024 and those certain Securities Purchase Agreements by and between the Company and certain Insider Buyers dated as of March [ ], 2025.

2. The term Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants that appears in the first WHEREAS clause of the Support Agreement shall be amended and restated its entirety such that Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants shall mean the pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock pursuant to the Private Purchase Agreements.

3. The term Stockholder Approval that is set forth in Section 1.01 of the Support Agreement shall be amended and restated its entirety such that Stockholder Approval shall mean such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Trading Market (as defined herein) from the Companys stockholders with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Private Purchase Agreements) including the issuance of the Unregistered Pre-Funded Warrants and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof.

4. The term Trading Market that is set forth in Section 1.01 of the Support Agreement shall be amended and restated its entirety such that Trading Market shall mean any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTCQB or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

5. Except as modified herein, the terms of the Support Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

6. This Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the parties and each of their respective permitted successors and permitted assigns.

7. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which constitutes one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment electronically or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment.

8. This Amendment constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

9. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address set forth on the signature pages to the Support Agreement (and service so made shall be deemed complete three (3) days after the same has been posted) and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[Signature page follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Stockholder and the Company have duly executed this Amendment as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

FLUENT, INC.

By: __________________________

Name: Donald Patrick

Title: Chief Executive Officer

STOCKHOLDER:

[INSERT NAME FOR INDIVIDUALS]

______________________________________

[INSERT NAME FOR ENTITY]

By: ___________________________________

Name:

Title:

[Stockholders Signature Page to First Amendment to Fluent Support Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>flnt-20250319.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>flnt-20250319_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>flnt-20250319_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>flnt-20250319_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 19, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name FLUENT, INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Mar. 19, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-37893

Entity, Tax Identification Number 77-0688094

Entity, Address, Address Line One 300 Vesey Street, 9th Floor

Entity, Address, City or Town New York

Entity, Address, State or Province NY

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 10282

City Area Code 646

Local Phone Number 669-7272

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol FLNT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001460329

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.flnt.com/20250319/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

flnt-20250319.xsd 
flnt-20250319_def.xml 
flnt-20250319_lab.xml 
flnt-20250319_pre.xml 
flnt20250320_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-008666-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>flnt20250320_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001460329 

2025-03-19 
2025-03-19 

false 
0001460329 
8-K 
2025-03-19 
FLUENT, INC. 
DE 
001-37893 
77-0688094 
300 Vesey Street, 9th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10282 
646 
669-7272 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
FLNT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>